 mikolaj.bajew
Notifications 0
Store
Community
You & Friends
Support
Account details
Preferences
Change language
Change User
View desktop website

© Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. #footer_privacy_policy  |  #footer_legal  |  #footer_ssa  |  #footer_refunds
STORECOMMUNITYMIKOLAJ.BAJEWCHATSUPPORTInstall Steam  mikolaj.bajew 
Store Page
Assassin's Creed Syndicate
All Discussions Screenshots Artwork Broadcasts Videos News Guides 
Reviews
SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
678 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
28.1 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
"Gameplay and story are still the same standard. Unmemorable characters with no development, anticlimatic story, same graphics and very similar gameplay."

First off I'll say I am a loyal Assassins Creed fan and a dedicated PC gamer. I have also completed every Assassin's Creed game to date on PC. This is my personal opinion, being very picky, and coming from the perspective of a long time Assassins Creed fan;

PORT WISE
I can say that it runs MUCH better than AC Unity does. I have a GTX 780 ti and everything is always perfectly smooth with all settings maxed out (at least 50-60 fps). I would get ridiculous random stutters on AC Unity. (Unfortunately, because these are console ports you won't be getting much more than that.)

For the first time in an AC game I feel Ubisoft has actually put forth effort with regard to the PC port (Unlike every other developer, I'm looking at you, Bethesda). Unfortunately these days the gaming industry is more aimed at consoles. However they have actually removed mouse lag/mouse acceleration so navigating menus, moving camera around etc is more responsive. AC Unity was a headache to navigate around. Not surprising as they received ALOT of backfire from AC Unity last year.

The user interface could be toned down a bit. It has definitely been improved since AC Unity however there are some things that are just not needed/should be implemented in a different way. For example the detection ring around the character, enemy levels above their head etc.


GAMEPLAY WISE
Pretty much the same as any other Assassin's Creed game. Small improvements are made with regard to navigation, combat and stealth. The rope launcher feels like its needed as the streets are wider. Combat feels more responsive and fast paced. However it still feels like a constant 'click fest'. Stealth is made more simple with a simpler cover system. HOWEVER I believe the enemy detection system requires an overhaul. Silently kidnap an enemy, and suddenly 10 enemy carriages appear from nowhere and chase you down. Same with killing an enemy via a ranged weapon. Every enemy in the area is suddenly aware of your presence.
With regard to side content, I honestly believe they should stop adding in 'stuff to do for the sake of stuff to do'. There are alot of icons on the map and most if not all of these activites require you to 'kill/kidnap this enemy'. I wish they'd bring back old school Assassination contracts.

STORY WISE **SPOILERS**
It seems to be the same protocol every year for Assassins Creed in regard to the story; create a likeable, humorous protagonist that defeats the bad guy (Since ACIV at least).
I can say that I believe Jacob and Evie were not introduced very well. Start up a new game and you're all of a sudden assassinating enemies as Jacob. We don't know where he's from, what his motives are or what situation he's in. Its hard to describe.
I feel I do not always agree with the motives and feelings of the protagonists. Yes, they are freeing slaves, liberating London etc but I think it takes more than that to make you want to progress further.

You need to feel the emotions the protagonist is feeling. These characters have no motivation at all other than simply 'going after the bad guy because he is bad', which is lazy character development. Ezio, Edward and even Connor were perfect examples. They weren't simply 'going after the bad guy', they had realistic goals/motives. As much as Jacob and Evie are 'likeable' characters, there is simply no character development, the protagonists do not 'learn anything new' from their adventures, and their stories are rather abruptly ended. But YES they are somewhat likeable.

At the start of the game we are introduced to the big bad guy, Crawford Starrick, that is trying to control London and 'must be killed'. So without hesitation Jacob and Evie go after him and eventually kill him. They are thanked by the queen and the game ends. WTF? No epic plot twist or cliffhangers? Come on Ubisoft, this is the most boring, unexciting and predictable story yet. As much as I hate to say it, but even AC Unity had a more exciting story.
There are characters that COULD have been interesting/memorable like Henry Green, but unfortunately only have a few lines of dialogue.

Once again I believe the modern day story is lacking. You can tell that Ubisoft is simply trying to appeal to a wider audience by almost ditching the modern day story. On a positive note, I am glad they decided to include Juno in the storyline this time. But they really need to step up their game in regard to the modern day story. Give us a character to control, don't throw these 5 minute cutscenes at us.

BOTTOM LINE
I do not feel like an Assassin anymore. Instead I feel more like a gang leader or a street thug in a 'beat em up' game, which I think is wrong. In my opinion, Ubisoft needs to stop and think to themselves 'Okay, what does being an assassin actually mean?'. Assassins are supposed to hide from the general public. Instead we are openly starting gang wars. Assassins are supposed to be feared. Every enemy treats you like they are not scared at all. Taunting/intimidating you as you walk by. Remember that time in AC2 when you killed Uberto Alberti in open public? Everyone was shocked. Civilians were terrified. Assassinations need to be like that.
Assassins are also supposed to be a 'brotherhood'. Where were all the other assassins in London?

This is a great Assassins Creed game and I recommend it. Unfortunately, because its one of Ubisoft's best selling franchises, they feel the need to release annually which results in similar recycled content each year. Ubisoft really needs to go back to the 'core' of the franchise and make an effort to appeal to long time fans, NOT just always 'casual gamers' every year.

I don't understand why so many people think AC Syndicate "made up for what AC Unity did wrong". On the technical side, yes, it runs much smoother. But gameplay and story are still the same standard. Unmemorable characters with no development, anticlimatic story, same graphics, very similar gameplay.

So YES, I recommend Assassin's Creed Syndicate. But don't expect huge improvements or anything revolutionary.

Thank you for taking the time to read.
 

Riffnugget
208 products in account
20
114 people found this review helpful
66 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
57.2 hrs on record
Posted: 6 April
you can run over children with a carriage
 

bh4g
136 products in account
2
109 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
53.8 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2021
The Last Asssassin's Creed game that feels like an Assassin's Creed game.
 

CanYouSpeakEnglish
9 products in account
2
258 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
116.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
Syndicate is great. Not perfect, not a best game since ac2, but pretty great. City is vast, detailed and beautiful. Main characters are charming and make a good duo. Gameplay, as always, somewhat the same, somewhat new and interesting(first time I saw rope launcher I thought "Oh, they're making it easier, that'll kill parkour, this series is done for!", but 5 minutes later I found myself joyfully zipping and zapping on that thing all over the place). Quality of the story is subjective, but I enjoyed it. A step back from epic battles and world-shaking revolutions felt nice. Modern time storyline is still told through CG cinematics, but actually kinda matters this time. The game looks gorgeous too, just as good as unity, but optimized a bit better this time, haven't encountered any terrible fps drops or a single bug.

You could've skipped Unity, but you should buy Syndicate. It's well worth it.
 

Bailing Baker
161 products in account
9
210 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 June, 2017
At the time of writing this review, I only have a few hours on this game on PC. But rest assured, I had hit almost 100% on console prior to purchasing this on Steam.

This installment in the series was a HUGE step in the right direction, in terms of both story and gameplay. I have a slight obsession with the AC series, and everything since AC3 just didn't really "feel" like AC. This game, to me, began a turnaround back to the great character stories and dialogue we've come to expect and love from the AC series. The game doesn't take any time at all slogging through a detailed character background sequence as per usual; it gets right into the meat of the game and lets you learn the character stories along the way.

This game is also optimized much better than Black Flag or Unity, and Victorian London with graphics at full blast in 4k is absolutely stunning.

One of the more common complaints I've seen is that the combat is too arcade-y and the addition of the grappling hook makes the game "too unrealistic". I'd like to address these...

1. The combat is much faster. Beyond that, I don't really see how it's more arcade-like unless you consider all the others arcade-like as well. Be honest with yourself, how many times have you found yourself in an AC game finishing a fight and suddenly finding Altair/Ezio/Connor/Edward/Arno standing in an overly large pile of corpses?

2. As far as the grappling hook making the game "unrealistic", I would like to remind those critics that a core element of every AC game has involved jumping dozens to hundreds of feet/meters off of buildings INTO PILES OF HAY.

I digress. If you are a fan of AC, and you weren't really into AC3 or Unity, and you shared my concerns about the direction of the series, I recommend this game. And I recommend that you play it all the way through, including the side story stuff.
 

FaultyJawa
272 products in account
10
114 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
49.2 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2021
Assassin's Creed® Syndicate

=== ( 🎯 Difficulty ) ===
☐ No Difficulty
☐ Easy
☑ Standard (The collectables can be a little challenging.)
☐ Big Learning Curve
☐ Hard
☐ Impossible

=== ( 👪 Audience ) ===
☐ Everyone
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Mature

=== ( 👀 Graphics ) ===
☐ What Is This?
☐ Bad
☐ Acceptable
☑ Good
☐ Great
☐ Stylistic
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

=== ( Sound/Music ) ===
☐ Bad
☐ Nothing Special
☐ Good
☑ Great (Found the music relatable, especially the background)
☐ Beautiful
☐ I´m Gonna Cry

=== ( 🌏 Story ) ===
☐ This Game Has No Story
☐ Nothing Special
☑ It´s Alright (It's played for a gameplay overall)
☐ Well Written
☐ Epic Story
☐ Thinking About It, When I Sleep

=== ( Grinding ) ===
☐ Nothing To Grind
☑ Isn't Necessary To Progress (Finding all the collectables takes time)
☐ Average Grind Level
☐ A Lot Of Grinding
☐ You‘ll Need A Second Life For Grinding

=== ( 💎 Price ) ===
☐ Free
☐ Underpriced
☐ Perfect Price
☑ Could Be Cheaper (For a game that's been out for 6 years)
☐ Overpriced

=== ( ☣ Requirments ) ===
☐ A Toaster Could Run This
☐ Low
☑ Average
☐ Above Average
☐ High End
☐ NASA Computer

=== ( ⏰ Game time/length ) ===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 4 hours)
☐ Short ( 4 - 12 hours)
☐ Average ( 12 - 24 hours)
☑ Long ( 24+ hours)
☐ Multiplayer/Neverending

=== ( 🐞 Bugs ) ===
☐ Game itself is a bug
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs (Quite funny ones)
☐ Nothing

=== ( Controller Support ) ===
☑ Yes
☐ no

=== ( Enjoyment ) ===
☐ I´d Rather Watch Grass Grow
☐ Hard To Enjoy
☐ Repetitive
☐ It's Okay
☑ Fun To Be Had For Sure
☐ The Kind Of Fun You Will Remember
☐ Life Changing

=== ( Replayability ) ===
☑ One-Time Experience
☐ Only For Achievements
☐ If You Wait A Few Months/Years
☐ Definitely
☐ Infinitely Replayable/Multiplayer

=== ( Worth Playing ) ===
☐ No
☐ Wait For A Sale
☑ Yes
☐ I Can´t Recommend It Enough

TOP FUN THINGS TO DO:
⭐️Ziplining from building to building.
⭐️Riding the carriages (Despite the bugs).
⭐️Heists! (Trains, Carriages and boats).

THE UNIQUES:
💎1800 British era.
💎Well thought out characters, fiction and non-fiction.
💎London layout.

PLAYER GAMING REQUIREMENTS:
💼Assassin's.
💼History.
💼Parkour.

VERDICT:
Being a British fellow myself, I found this game very relatable when it came to London itself. Most things were in the right place, with the atmosphere being how I would picture it back in the 1800 (Aside from Assassin's running around). The story didn't live up to some of the other Assassin's Creeds but the gameplay was very smooth and adding my new favourite gimmick (The Zipline) gave it a more fresh approach.

What I enjoyed the most out of this game would be the voice acting and how the characters reacted to certain things, just walking across the street was entertaining! This is the closest they get to the modern era and i'm very relieved that they stopped it here... in London.
Total Score = 81/100.

SIMILAR GAME LIKE THIS? / REVIEWER PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE:
Assassin's Creed franchise, DEATHLOOP.

GAMEPLAY:
It is the ninth major instalment in the Assassin's Creed series, and the successor to 2014's Assassin's Creed Unity.

The plot follows the premise of the Assassin's Creed franchise, involving a fictional history of real-world events where a secret war has been fought for centuries between two factions: the Brotherhood of Assassins, who promote peace and liberty, and the Templar Order, who desire peace through control. The framing story is set in the 21st century and follows the same unnamed and unseen protagonist from Assassin's Creed Unity, who assists the Assassins in their race against the Templars to find an artefact hidden in London. The main story is set in London in 1868, at the onset of the Second Industrial Revolution, and follows twin Assassins Jacob and Evie Frye as they navigate the corridors of organised crime and take back the city from Templar control.

The game is played from a third-person perspective and its open world is navigated on foot or by carriage. The game introduces new travelling systems and refined combat and stealth mechanics. Players control the two lead protagonists throughout the game's story, switching between them both during and outside of missions

■■■■■■■□□ 8 / 10
Are you a Londoner?

RECOMMEDED SPECS:
OS: Windows 10
Processor: Intel Core i7 3770 / AMD FX 8350
Memory: 8 GB RAM
Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 or GTX 970 / AMD Radeon R9 280X
Storage: 45GB

Review to Assassin's Creed II: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/33230

Review to Assassin's Creed Brotherhood: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/48190/

Review to Assassin's Creed Revelations: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/201870/

Review to Assassin's Creed III: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/911400/

Review to Assassin’s Creed® Liberation HD: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/260210/

Review to Assassin’s Creed® IV Black Flag™: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/242050/

Review to Assassin’s Creed® Rogue: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/311560/

Review to Assassin's Creed® Unity: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/289650/

Review to Assassin's Creed® Origins: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/582160/
 

Rapid Shadow
623 products in account
6
61 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
74.7 hrs on record
Posted: 7 October, 2018
Twin Assassins

Released just a year after its predecessor Syndicate - for the first time in the series - sports two protagonists. We can switch between Jacob and Evie as we see fit; during cutscenes they'll both be present, though. However, memory sequences include missions, too, for each of them, separately. We get to know both of them very well not to mention their struggle with the creed and with each other.

Victoria Era London

Unity was ambitious. Constantly seeing the mob in front of the Palais de Justice was great. Making friends with Bonaparte. Who could refuse such a thing? Syndicate shows us a different world - London slowly being taken over by Templar Crawford Starrick who controls businesses as well as organised crime. The Fryes - against Brotherhood orders - go to the capital to teach Starrick a lesson. You will appreciate the new, "moving" headquarters, your very own train. No real estates this time.

Rooks, Carriages And That Rope Launcher

You will regularly bump into street gangs, the so-called Blighters. London consists of 7 huge areas that are, initially, completely red. Secondary missions such as killing Templars, liberating children from factories or kidnapping key criminals and by doing so aiding the Scotland Yard will all be tasks available to reduce the Templar presence. Completing all side missions will open up the final war mission where you will have the opportunity to face the gang boss.

And this is where Syndicate shines: the opportunity to make secondary quests vital to the main story. As you clear up the streets there will be more and more criminals dressed in green instead of red. They are the Rooks and they are yours to command. Your regular income can be used to make them stronger, appear in greater numbers and you can even become so notorious that bad guys dare not attack you any more.

Horse-pulled carriages are a common sight in Syndicate and the related cargo escort and -hijack missions will be randomly (but constantly) generated. This introduces vehicular combat and an easier (and faster way) to navigate the streets of London. Making friends with Graham Bell will get you the rope launcher - consider it the AC version of Batman's grappling hook. You don't swing, though: you need to press the button so that your character can slide and find themselves on the rooftop of the opposite building in a matter of seconds.

The Thames, Skills And Collectibles

Remember those games where you needed to cross the road with an animal? Imagine this now on the River Thames. Boats are constantly moving and appearing in front of you. Its fun hopping over to the other side and while doing so sabotaging the cargo of some Templar gang or simply marking loot for your fellow gang members.

As in Unity we have to keep playing to earn XP and obtain skill points. Purchasing various skills and their better (upgraded) versions will allow us to attain a higher level. Achievement hunters and those who like exploring everything will be disappointed to see level 10 is the maximum we can reach. Halfway through the game we already have everything. I also missed the minigame concerning lock picking. There are some skills that are only available for Jacob or for Evie. The latter was the one I preferred as Jacob is a tad bit "brute" and Evie's extra skills are more akin to that of an assassin.

As for collectibles we now look for flowers, taste various types of beers, collect royal correspondence and the ever-present Helix glitches and treasure chests will also return. For most maps are available for purchase if you are tired of looking. We also have craft materials: extra resources are available as some inventory items cannot be immediately found but only crafted. This usually requires that we obtain the related schematics.

As for weapons: a great assortment of kukris, brass knuckles and cape-swords are available. Fighting involves a lot of finishing animations - watching a film to see how Evie takes down 4 approaching enemies one after the other is just beautiful. Boxing events are available for practising. Certain activities during combat have built-in counters - performing, for instance, 25 double assassinations will make you stronger. There are a lot of such perks available - you really need to complete all missions, explore everything and play as varied a way as possible to become the ultimate assassin.

AnvilNext 2.0 And Multiplayer

The new AnvilNext engine debuted in Unity and it was not properly optimised as it had a lot of bugs and glitches. All is well now and Syndicate's 19th century London looks tremendously beautiful. Certain missions take place at night and facial expressions of each character (including NPCs) are getting better and better. Female antagonists in the ranks of the Blighters and children on the streets of London will be a common sight. Kids will get you items as you help them - Syndicate gives you associates who regularly give you missions. It's best to complete all for getting extra weapons, cloaks, belts or weapon schematics.

Multiplayer - for the first time in many years - is completely non-existent. No coop or companion app, either. Following the issues of Unity we were promised a better story. And Syndicate has a better one, actually. Both Fryes are likeable and, as usual, we meet many celebrities. Graham Bell gives us bombs, Sergeant Abberline always goes undercover to meet us, we realise Churchill did some great things even during World War I and we also meet Karl Marx, Charles Dickens, Darwin and even get knighted by the Queen herself.

Nothing Is True...

It may be so but with Syndicate I've had most fun since Black Flag. I cannot comment on the DLCs, unfortunately, but I had fun while slowly taking over London, climbing up the Big Ben and chasing crazy suicidal Templars in the Houses of Parliament. I achieved 100% synchronisation in 75 hours and I did not regret any second of it. The gameplay mechanics are getting better and better and I look forward to seeing the nextgen AC games by downloading Origins.
 

CorvusCorax
1,362 products in account
22
479 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
37.4 hrs on record
Posted: 5 June, 2016
Biggest AC fan from the beginning, played the first games like crazy. Quality started to decline dramatically with Revelations and hit a low with Unity. That brings us to Syndicate.

I had huge hopes for Syndicate. It seemed like they were trying to improve a lot of things. The gameplay did actually improve quite a bit. It's like the Assassin's Creediest Assassin's Creed in that matter.

However, the story is hard to follow, because you don't get emotionally attached to the main characters a lot. They're trying to pull of the same things over and over again, but they just aren't pulling through. The problem with the series is that they try to get so much detail by adding open houses, a lot of foliage and decoration and a lot of historical facts. They fail to add detail to the characters and especially the people surrounding you, though.

Take Black Flag as an example. The Jackdaws crew was just there. You neither had to find a steerer, a cannoneer, a carpenter nor the bloody Spanish cook, that was mentioned in the book. Image you would've had to actually put together a crew and take actual care of your men or women. The same goes for the rooks in Syndicate. You have a couple of important persons on your team, but they're too distant like the other captains in Black Flag and it's not like you'd actually care about that fat lady in the chair.

Also, you don't get attached to the main characters. In Assassin's Creed III you had at least a little attachment to Connor. You saw his parents, you saw him growing up, you experienced his childhood horrors and his relentless way of becoming an Assassin. Sure, you cannot top Ezio in Assassin's Creed II. You experienced the whole process of him growing up from a cocky teenager who didn't know anything about the world to a caring and calm adult. Whilst you knew every single one of your allies by doing stuff with or for them. The recent AC titles lack this sort of dedication to the main characters.

Then there's just too much content. Ubisoft emphasises the amount of playable content in the latest AC games, starting with Black Flag. According to Ubi, you were able to spent 80 hours in Black Flag until completion. Well, but do you want to? At least 40% of the completion rate is just farming chests and other collectibles. This part became even bigger in Unity, where you could find almost ten different items throughout every single district. In my opinion that is no content at all. It doesn't affect me, my playstyle, the story line or the character development. If you're on the first playthrough and try to get full sync in the missions, you can make it through Black Flag in 16 hours and that is fine. But advertising and fooling players into buying the game through a cheap trick like posing collectibles for content won't make for a great game.

And finally the technical part of Syndicate. Making a game that's full of details and that has sophisticated graphics is one thing. Making a game that can be run on a normal PC or console with a smooth experience is another. Not being able to play a game on full settings has been used for ads once, especially with Crysis. But that time is long gone. I've been trying to run Syndicate on a 4x3,5ghz processor, 16gb HyperX Fury and a GTX980 and I'm actually getting bluescreens. Bluescreens? That was the first bluescreen I've ever seen on the new Windows! Even on medium graphics it's just slow, buggy and glitchy. Especially horse carriage missions are horrible. Just like in Watch Dogs, the game cannot load the next parts of the map fast enough.

Well, Mr Smartass, can you even make a game that meets your tremendous demands? Yes, you can. Take the Mass Effect series for example. Mass Effect 3 looked pretty good at that time and it ran smoothly even on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop. I've played the demo at the CeBit a couple of months before the launch of ME3. All they offered us were ASUS gaming laptops, but you were able to push settings to max and get your full 60fps without the computer even getting loud. And you were attached to all those charakters throughout the entirety of the series. You will remember Admiral Anderson, Liara and Garrus for the rest of your life, wont you? But you'll have forgotten about Jacob and Evie long before you play your last games.

You don't need the best graphics, the best story or the best gameplay to make a great game. All it takes is a good idea and the best you can do out of it. The latest games of this series however, Assassin's Creed Syndicate included, just lack passion and heart. And if you know a little about the development of these games, then you know why.
 

Rüdiger Rügenwalder
222 products in account
31
71 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Recommended
168.0 hrs on record
Posted: 14 September, 2021
Victorian Era London is a beautiful setting for an Assassin's Creed game. I believe Syndicate is an underrated installment in the series. Both Evie and Jacob Frye are fun to play as and the missions are quite enjoyable. This is the last "OG" Assassin's Creed game before Ubisoft took it into the RPG genre with Origins, so it actually feels like an Assassin's Creed game. 10/10 highly recommend!. I know the world may have forgotten you AC: Syndicate, but I love you.
 

VIC
313 products in account
1
74 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.9 hrs on record
Posted: 26 April, 2020
Pros
-Jacob and Evie Frye are endearing / likeable main characters and are portrayed very well
-Excellent level design. London looks simply gorgeous and portrayed realistically
-Fun combat mechanics. Its a lot faster paced than previous AC games
-Character animations for climbing, locomotion and combat are great
-Good set of character upgrades and customization
-Traversing the game world is much easier. You can use Rope Launcher to zipline across big gaps from building to building both horizontally and vertically
-You get to hire gangs around the streets who'll aid and fight for you
-Audio and music is authentic to the 1800 era
-You'll get to meet and interact with lots of historical characters
-Some fun side activities like fist fighting, racing, robberies

Cons
-Story is meh. Nothing to write home about. Just your generic assassin vs templar plot set in yet another country. Only the main characters held the story together
-Gameplay loop while fun does get very repetitive with the same basic busywork of killing, tailing, capturing, infiltrating, conquering etc on different districts

You'll mainly be playing Assassin's Creed Syndicate for the strong main characters and exploring the visually appealing, beautifully crafted city of London. Its a fun game while it lasts but not a game you'd go back and play all over again. Buy it on discount. You'll get your money's worth then.

Overall, I rate this game a solid 8/10
 

GRIMREAPER ALVA
1,690 products in account
3
814 people found this review helpful
2,580 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
67.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2015
Sneaking round a templar base, two civilians saw me, one asked the other what is that man doing, the other replies sshh he's sneaking.
 

ABD231
135 products in account
20
78 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2021
So this is the last "Assassin" Creed that full of contents about assassinate strategies before this franchises become "Warrior" creed. What else should I say?
 

168
172 products in account
0
71 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.1 hrs on record
Posted: 15 April, 2019
Ah Syndicate, the game that had the misfortune of coming out during a time where people started to realize that Assassin's Creed games have overstayed their welcome especially after the departure of the modern day aspect starting from Unity.

I had played it a little back when it first came out and it really didn't catch my attention due to it's horrible optimization (ran like crap on my 750Ti and 970 both). Deciding to clear my backlog, I revisited this game halfheartedly and gave it another chance.

Clearly a LOT of work has been put into this game despite having several flaws regarding gameplay and story (which is barely there).

Starting with the cons :

- The main villain is the most useless antagonist I've ever seen in a video game, Joseph Starrick spends 95% of the time sitting in his chair and giving orders to his lieutenants, doing nothing himself.
- No modern day at all, which is fundamentally the backbone of AC Games.
- Jacob and Evie barely have any missions together and I think they made a mistake by keeping their missions separate.
- The world is full of repetitive side tasks and is just there to increase the playtime (really not worth it, even if you're a completionist.)
- Animations feel wonkier when compared to Unity and it feels as thought there's a slight input lag (no, v sync was off the entire time and no other game has had this issue, also I used KB+M)
- The level up system gets quite annoying especially if you really want to craft a cool looking gauntlet or weapon, the game literally forces you to run around and open chest boxes or just buy the materials using MICROTRANSACTIONS, WHAT THE HECK UBI?

And now for the pros :

- A SEPARATE WW1 Mini Campaign with it's own playable character (unlocks after sequence 6).
- London is freaking AMAZING and the grappling hook is by far the best feature of this game since it's made to traverse easily due to the map's sheer verticality.
- You'll be impressed by the amount of detail put into the NPC's and the environment, you can come across small details like chimney sweepers, newspaper sellers, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ street orchestra, and firemen extinguishing fire in a burning building.
- The train hide-out is a godsend.
- Jacob and Evie are great characters and have a lot of personality to them, especially when compared to Alexios/Kassandra and Arno even though they're not as memorable as Desmond, Ezio, Altair and Connor.
- The combat is pretty satisfying and has a lot of variety when it comes to combos and executions, not to mention the huge arsenal of tools that you get.
- Having the ability to recruit your gang members and sit back while they do your work is quite satisfying.
- You can also upgrade your gang as well as have a stable source of income which is quite helpful.
- Jack the Ripper is one of the best DLCs in the entire franchise, don't @me.
- Imo, the graphics are even better than Origins and Odyssey's, and the game almost looks photorealistic, ESPECIALLY during the night time.
- The optimization has somewhat improved and the game is completely playable on a mixture of Very High and Ultra settings.

Verdict :

It's a solid 7/10 and a decent game that just came out at a time where people were simply tired of Assassin's Creed.
I suggest that you pick this up during a sale and play it in short bursts to prevent yourself from burning out.
 

R3TR0
872 products in account
6
51 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.9 hrs on record
Posted: 14 July, 2019
Phenomenal entry for the franchise : removed a lot of frustrating aspects of the gameplay while keeping the fun in.

I'll just list some examples to illustrate the point.
Tired of spending the first ten hours in-game for the the same 'Discovering the Brotherhood' plot?
The Frye twins are raised Assassins - you start the game with the hidden blades

Tired of spending cumulative hours of your life climbing towers?
You've a Rope Dart launcher that helps you climb and set up ziplines.

Can't reliably set up air assassinations and you're sick of waiting for the wonky guard patrol path?
The same ziplines practically helps you set up air assassinations anywhere.

Forced to travel to different regions / soft-locked out of parts of the map for lore reasons?
You're free to complete the activities before doing any main sequence missions

Fantastic setting as well with no shortage of things to do.
Bored of running or even using fast travel? Board the train and go sightseeing mode before hopping off your train at the station.
Absolutely HATE swimming in Assassin's Creed games? Hop on a merchant ship along the Thames or raid rival ships for cargo to pass the time.

Interacting with fictional versions of English inventors and novelists and other historical figures turned out to be surprisingly fun, especially if you're familiar with their works prior to playing the game.

One outstanding aspect deserving a mention is the how the game sounds - some serious thought must have put into sound design.
Walking along the streets, listening to the crowds bickering, chatting and touting sounds surprisingly authentic.
There were definitely more than a handful of times where I had to remove my headphones because I wasn't sure if the sound was in-game or from people around me.
Newsboy shouts the headlines of period-relevant news and lore-specific news, NPC occasionally interact with each other whining about work or even flirt on the streets. Bands perform in bars and in the parks, and honestly their music ain't bad.

All that said it's still an Assassin's Creed game so there might be visual bugs or dummy NPC interactions once in a while.
If you're willing to tolerate the occasional off-sync fight animations and NPCs being stupid, this is honestly a great game.
 

Soluna
869 products in account
3
121 people found this review helpful
314 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 May, 2016
I sneaked into a shop and the shopkeeper said "you put a bucket on my head ill kill you"

10/10 skyrim references
 

Mr.Waternoose
186 products in account
2
65 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☐ Adults
☑ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☑9
☐10
 

deniscasian69
1,127 products in account
0
227 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2015
Syndicate represents the first step in the right direction for Ubisoft after the recent disappointments in the Assassin's Creed series, improving upon the core gameplay and taking the franchise to new heights. It became my favorite Ubi game, and in my opinion the best of AC yet. Beautiful, immersive, vivid Victorian London that's very fun to explore with more polished mechanics and some new elements thrown into the mix. I must also mention the game's great voice acting, and its sublime soundtrack, contributing to the setting's appeal. The side activities are entertaining, and its combat feels smooth and very satisfying, with both protagonists. Despite each other's different strengths and their showcased individuality, both Evie and Jacob are fun to play as, and their skills are yours to select. Evie is without a doubt the more compelling of the two as a well-written protagonist, and her calculated stealthy style really suits her and her path towards her endgame goals. The twins' dynamic, however, mostly stemming from their differences, is very fun to watch.
Given Ubi's past mistakes, perhaps the most pleasant surprise about ACS is that its PC version does not disappoint - not only it looks gorgeous, but it's one of the best I've played this year; some hiccups here and there - minor things that patches will certainly take care of soon, but overall optimized and runs well within one's hardware limits, and I have a mid-range rig.
A fun game with a refreshing choice in protagonists, moderately intriguing main storylines with a few history icons as associates, and a rich setting that can easily draw you in with its stunning sights and enjoyable activities. Keep this up, Ubisoft.
 

Foxy
753 products in account
3
46 people found this review helpful 6

Recommended
64.3 hrs on record
Posted: 16 January, 2021
Assassin's Creed Syndicate ★★★★★★★★✬☆ [8.5/10]

Intro

Assassin's Creed Syndicate, set in Victorian Era London, you can play as two twin protagonists Evie Frye and Jacob Frye.
Honestly I really enjoyed playing this Assassin title, again as they usually do, they carried a few mechanics and features from their previous game Unity and improved them here, such as the many ways to infiltrate an enemy base to assassinate your target and the investigation side quests felt more polished and interesting.

PROS:

+ The many challenges the game has which keep giving you that sense of accomplishment;
+ Ubisoft achievements;
+ Game progression system will keep you hooked featuring an improved and better way to adquire and upgrade skills;
+ Crafting system to upgrade your gear for even more progression dopamine hits;
+ Combat system is really smooth and fun to play;
+ New weapons to try;
+ Outfit customization and unique outfits;
+ ROPE LAUNCHER which at first it may seem weird in an Assassin Creed game but it's really fun and fast paced to use it!;
+ Recruit a Gang to run around with and help you - Also gang upgrades!;
+ Chariot Races;
+ Brawls;
+ Graphics still look great as of today;
+ London looks great, feels so good to play a game in this era and place, each Assassin Creed's game makes me feel like I've visited these places at that point and time;
+ Optimization is way better than Unity;
+ Your main base is a train;
+ The story is interesting enough to keep you going, though it's not ACII/Black Flag/Origins level imo;
+ You can switch between the twins to play and they are somewhat interesting characters, specially Evie;
+ The DLC Jack The Ripper was really fun to play;
+ No multiplayer achievements;
+ No bugs that I remember honestly.

CONS:

- There isn't as much movement freedom as there was in Unity;
- Parkour also feels weaker compared to Unity;
- Turns out to be repetitive when you're collecting stuff;
- No steam achievements/cards.

FINAL VERDICT

Honestly it's been a while since I played this game, I don't really remember having any major con that stopped/frustrate me from enjoying this game, it's a really good game and totally worth on sale to pick it up. Even if you already played Origins and Odyssey, this one still feels "fresh" not outdated and it's progression system will keep you hooked as those two games do as well.(not as much though) It's also not a bad starting point if you're unsure about older titles being outdated or not. (Though Black Flag doesn't feel outdated at all and really is a good outstanding AC/game to start on, storywise ACII is really a good starting point as well) You can check my other AC reviews if you want for PROS/CONS.
 

Sir Rudy
439 products in account
0
77 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
66.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2017
Pros:
I love the Assassin's Creed series, this game is great too.
Nice graphics.
Nice story.
OK optimization.

Cons:
Could be more optimized
Water could look better.

Pirated Ubisoft games: You click it and game starts
Bought Ubisoft games: You click it, Steam starts (It might update too), Uplay starts (It might update too), and finally the game starts.
This bothers me a lot. If we bought it, EVERYTHING has to be better than a pirated version.
I AM IN NO WAY ENCOURAGING PIRACY
 

Atikotemizkan
49 products in account
5
44 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 April, 2018
In general syndicate is a good game and I personally prefer this game over the previous game in the series, which is the Assassin's Creed Unity.

Pros:
+ It is in London
visiting some historical places virtually
---------------------------------------------------------
+ Gorgeous graphics
it looks really nice
--------------------------------------------------------
+ missions related to Darwin and Dickens if purchased DLCs and jack the ripper DLCs
wow i have just talked with darwin
--------------------------------------------------------
+ Optimisation is so much better than the previous one
unity didnt even have stable FPS on console :(
--------------------------------------------------------
+ Combat system
it looks cool and the control is fluent
--------------------------------------------------------

Cons:
- repeated enemies
they looks the same apart from the color of their clothes (happened to other AC games too )
--------------------------------------------------------
- Soundtrack isnt great
I personally think the soundtrack of AC3 (the one about amecrian independent war) and black flag were amazing



Have a try if you are a Assassin's Creed fun, or willing to be one. or you live in London xD
 

yonjyuuIX
115 products in account
0
95 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.4 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2015
Assassin's Creed has, until now, been something I appreciated more in concept than in execution. Syndicate is the first in the series I have actually, legitimately enjoyed in almost all regards. Part of this is due to a bit of personal bias - Victorian London has always been a favorite setting of mine and it's here in beautiful, meticulously detailed glory. But aside from that, the actual gameplay is improved, specifically with stealth and traversal. Botching a stealth kill doesn't automatically alert everyone and their mother within a 20 mile radius, and the zipline lets you avoid having to ponderously pick your way up every single building facade if you don't want to. Furthermore, each sidequest can be completed through a number of different methods, and there's not an overwhelming amount of stupid collectibles. And while the story itself is merely okay, the characters you meet and play as are all pretty charming and even legit funny. Syndcicate seems to be all about removing all the series' barriers between you and fun, and it's definitely working for me.
 

Buff Beefbroth
602 products in account
3
62 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 6

Recommended
49.7 hrs on record
Posted: 21 July, 2020
The last Assassin's Creed before they changed the gameplay. No eagle in the this one, game is pretty simple and most of it set in London, while it's a bit better than Unity it sits at the bottom alongside it.

London looks good, but most of it looks the same, so you'll get a bit bored repeating the same things over and over again, while the game isn't very long, it'll take close to 50 hours to 100% it.

Story wise it's a boring and shallow, doesn't add much to the AC lore, while both main characters are good, Evie is by far better & more charismatic.

What i enjoyed the most is the fighting, 3 different weapons, with brutal and nice finishes.

I recommend it for fans of the series, who want to play all the AC games, but for people not familiar with the franchise and don't care very much about the story, i advise you to play Origin & Odyssey.
 

KING-X®
9,254 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: 8 January, 2016
*Writing this review from an experience of all the series of assassin's creed*.

From the start till the end i was there,i saw the greatest hits of the series,and i saw the worst times when the title broke down with a big dissapointment of both story and gameplay.
Unfortuntly,i can say that like many,i lost the hope in Assassin's creed series over the years,i gave it a chance several times,and i had a hope in me that probably the yearly title will give me a hype again when it comes out,i lost that hope once in the day of unity's release.
i can say that i did not expect much from the new title "Assassin's creed syndicate,i did not spend time reading news and watch trailers,also i did not pre-order it but bought it on winter sale for half price compare to the last titles (i used to pre order).
i can say that after spending 10 hours of this title,i know that it's not the best title but i can say that yet,its the best title i played since Assassin's creed 2.
and here's why :

Pros:

-Stablize performance and amazing graphics
- Big and living city as london
-the exploring is more attractive now since you get a new tool to move from one building to another in a quick time,which makes it easier to travel to long distances.
- there are many objectives to do on the map,and the combat system is hard if you like challenges.
- you play two characters who both represent different perspectives and ways of gameplay.

Cons :

- it feels like the missions are quite similar,the idea is same
- the switching between characters is quite annoying
- you can find several bugs in the parkour/combat actions

so,i was surprised for good this time,and i heard that the next assassin's creed will be released only in 2017,which means ubisoft finally tries hard to make us satisfy with a well made game,there's a hope fellas.
 

.....
9 products in account
2
72 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
44.3 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2021
the last of truly Assasin Creed games
 

Agent_Dash
46 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
160 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
64.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 June, 2018
I killed someone right in front of two policemen. Then I proceeded to loot the corpse of that person I had just *murdered*. One policeman says to the other: "Look, a THIEF! Get him!"

This game is phenomenal.
 

Strong
335 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
63.2 hrs on record
Posted: 11 June
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My grandma could play it
🔲Easy
✅ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 A challenge to be reckoned


~ GRAPHICS ~
🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Normal
🔲Very Good
🔲 An original artistic direction
✅ Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece


~ STORY ~
🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Some lore
✅It's there for people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Leading to more in-depth researches/thoughts
🔲 A model to get inspired by


~ LENGTH ~
🔲 0 (No story)
🔲Short
✅Average
🔲 Long
🔲 To infinity and beyond


~ MUSIC ~
🔲 Just filling noises/No music
🔲 Trivial and uneventful
🔲 Good and/or fitting the game's artistic dispositions
✅ Memorable
🔲 Transcending whispers of a forgotten world


~ INTEREST ~
🔲 I would rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲Repetitive and/or uninspired
✅ A good moment
🔲 Sticking out of the pack
🔲 You will remember it long after


~ REPLAYABILITY ~
✅ A one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years (or with mods)
🔲 Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable (or almost)


~ BUGS ~
🔲 Never heard of
✅ Minor bugs
🔲 Can get annoying
🔲 Impacts the player's experience badly
🔲 The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs


~ REQUIREMENTS ~
🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲Low
✅ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer


~ PRICE ~
🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
🔲 Could be cheaper
✅ Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money


~ WORTH BUYING ~
🔲 No
🔲 If you have nothing else to play
✅ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes


~ EXPECTATIONS ~
🔲 It's a completely different game
🔲 This game is a scam
🔲 It's missing many features they announced
✅ Looks very similar to the steam page
🔲 Better than expected and/or announced
🔲 Masterpiece, no patch or feature has to be added.
 

Wojtas99
128 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
104.9 hrs on record
Posted: 12 January, 2020
It's got tea.
 

Aggravate
322 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: 21 August, 2021
By Order of The Peaky Blinder ❌
By Order of The Frye Family ✔
 

LordD6
410 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
66.7 hrs on record
Posted: 13 January, 2020
Good day to you dear reader! Since I recently completed this game almost 100%, I thought why shouldn’t I write a review for this great game. I must say that this is the best game from the AC series until 2017. Graphics, Detailing the environment, character models and vehicles, and of course the clothes are simply superbly made. Especially the details of clothes and the arsenal. The soundtracks and atmosphere in the game involuntarily send you to London in the XIX centuries. About the plot and additional tasks, I generally keep quiet. The gameplay, physics and animation are redone in some places and refined almost to the ideal. But the most important thing in the game is the hook cat (Aye. Spiderman) and the nature of the characters! Yes, it is the attitude of the characters to each other that make this game one of the best games in history. Why? Because every gesture, text, expression of faces and emotions make me get great satisfaction from the game. It's like watching a 66 hour Hollywood movie. About additional content, I can say that buy without looking back, they are worth the money. Additional content from this game I can safely compare with the additional content of The Witcher 3. Well, what can I write more? I strongly advise you to buy this game and play even if you have not played in the AC series of games before.

[10 beaten drunkards out of 10]

Доброго тебе дня дорогой читатель! Т.к я не давно прошёл эту игру почти на все 100%, то я подумал почему бы мне не написать обзор для этой великолепной игре. Сразу скажу что это самая лучшая игра из серии КУ до 2017-го года. Графика, Детализация окружения, модели персонажей и транспорта и конечно одежды просто великолепно сделаны. Особенно детали одежд и арсенала. Сундтреки и атмосфера в игре невольно отправляют вас в Лондон XIX веков. Про сюжет и доп.заданий я вообще молчу. Геймплей, Физика и анимация переделаны в некоторых местах и доработаны практически до идеала. Но самое главное в игре это крюк кошка (аля. человек паук) и характеры персонажей! Да именно отношение персонажей друг к другу делают эту игру одной из самых лучших игр в истории. Почему? Потому что каждые жесты, текст, выражение лиц и эмоций заставляют меня получать огромное удовлетворение от игры. Я как будто смотрю 66 часовое Голливудское кино. Про доп.контент могу сказать что покупайте без оглядки, они стоят своих денег. Доп.контент с этой игры я могу смело сравнить с доп.контентом Ведьмака 3. Ну что я могу написать ещё? Я вам очень советую купить эту игру и поиграть даже если вы до этого не играл в серии игр КУ.

[10 побитых пьянчуг из 10]
 

GrimReaper
3,825 products in account
0
150 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 January, 2016
Assassin’s Creed Syndicate is an action adventure game developed and published by Ubisoft, releasing in October 2015 for the PS4, Xbox One and PC. This is the 9th game in the Assassin’s Creed series so far. The game is run using the AnvilNext 2.0 engine, which was used in AC Unity and Rainbow Six Siege.

For the game play, most will probably be already well aware of what to expect from an Assassin’s Creed game. You play as one of two playable characters, Evie and Jacob Frye. A new, welcome mechanic to the game is a rope launcher, allowing the characters to quickly scale larger buildings and to create their own zip-lines for easier travel between buildings too. The combat system is at its best again with a very easy to use control set. The game is set in London, and you are able to freely roam the city completing all kinds of quests, finding collectables and locating treasure scattered around the world. Whilst the game play is considered the same as the rest of the games, I still really enjoyed it.

Graphically, Syndicate looks gorgeous, I sadly was not able to run the game at 4k, but was able to push all of the graphics up to max on 1440. The City of London just looks amazing. The textures are of all high quality, animation is almost seemly showing on all of the characters. It is a huge improvement over the previous entries to the series. Voice acting is spot on with the classic London accent on all characters found throughout the game.

You should not expect a challenging game when playing Syndicate, as long as you stick to the areas of London that is within your level range, you probably won’t die at all. You can challenge yourself by going to the higher level zones before you should, but I found myself to getting completely overrun by more powerful enemies quicker than normal. The game’s skills trees are very well designed to let you build your two characters to specialise in different trees. I went for Evie being the more stealth oriented character and Jacob the more hand-fisted of the two. I really liked having the option of the two characters as it lets you choose the right head for the job you have been tasked to do.

Like I said above, the city is jam-packed full of things to do, gang wars, freeing laboured children, finding rare wine or searching for treasure. There are hours of content to be found after you complete the game, with plenty of side quests to take on as well. This was one of the few Assassins’ Creed games that I actually really enjoyed doing the optional tasks in.

I have been playing Syndicate for about 50 hours so far. The main story only takes about half of that. I wouldn’t say there is a huge level of replay ability in this game, as the story is linear and the lack of any difficulty options means you can’t replay the game in a sort of New Game + mode. Although I am very happy with the amount of hours I have put into the game so far and not many people about the amount of content on offer in this game.

Thankfully I didn’t have any technical problems. I wasn’t able to run at 4k, because it is simply too taxing at this moment in time. But the game ran as smooth as butter at 1440p in 60 fps. The game is very well optimized and loading times are almost none-existent. I played with a controller and I would suggest you do to as the combat system just matches up well with it.

To sum up, Assassin’s Creed Syndicate is one of the better games in the series, coming close to Black Flag as the best. The characters are probably the most loveable of all of the series so far, with Evie being the first female protagonist. The game has plenty of content, and shows off extremely high production values in the graphics and sound departments. The lack of any technical problems also counts as a major positive for the AC series too given past releases not being so smooth. As with all recently released games in this series, you should expect a premium price tag, and this is no different at £39, 99. If you can wait it out another few months you can probably get it for £30, but I would say the game is even worth it at full price right now.

Tom's Score Card
1) Stay away
2) Not Recommended
3) Only recommended when on sale
4) Recommended
5) Highly recommended
6) This is a must play

If you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clicking here.

If you are also interested in joining a group to help you beat your backlog of Steam games, head over to this group





 

jgfghfhgf
2,954 products in account
15
39 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: 14 June, 2019
In my honest opinion, Syndicate was a really enjoyable experience from a guy who played nearly all of the AC games. I will try to be short and tell you what it shines at and what it is bad at.

Story:
The story in this part of the AC history is quite intresting and enjoyable to see play through. The 2 main characters, Jacob and Evie Frye are prob on my top list of fav AC guys, but top spot will always be Edward Kenaway from AC4:BF. These twins are enjoyable to play as, their personalities are complex, with own motivations and well developed minds. Jacob is for me so hardly to not be my fav character from these games, he is the funniest one out of all AC guys from before, has charisma, his reasons are strong and you just enjoy seeing him talk. Evie also is the 2nd playable woman character in this series. I was skeptical at first about her, but she is one of my fav female personas in fictional art. As her brother Jacob, she is very funny, charisma, enjoyable to see her play around. Overall i love both of them and their interactions with each other are just the best thing in this game.
The story is set around industrial England period, mostly industrial London in 1868. This time, compared to the other games we are in more advanced period of time. The story is intresting, with more good characters besides the 2 twins, most of them being good, but the main antagonist of this game is just really bad. Crawford Starrick is prob one of the most underdeveloped guys i've ever seen so far. His motivations are kinda dull, just like the other Templar antagonists from previous games, but at least the others were better in the character development. In this game, you only see this guy in cinematics, mostly at the end of each sequence up to sequence 9 where you have to kill him in the last mission. Even there the boss fight with him is utter bad, i really don't know who came up with this design for this guy, was rather dissapointed with him overall, but not such a let down to hate the story. Story is all in all enjoyable, you will not get bored.


Gameplay:
If you played AC Unity before this you will immediately see that this game is very similar to the previous one. Indeed, it's kinda the same game when it comes to gameplay, but with slightly different mechanics. The combat is mostly the same, but in AC Syndicate i felt like it was a little bit easier to fight than in Unity. It kinda reminded me of the older titles like AC4, Rogue or AC3 where you could fight armies alone just by pressing counter and LMB. No it isn't the exact case, but press counter and LMB mostly works if you know how to time your attacks and counters. The gear system is back here too, you have to find schematics for better gear or just get it by completing main missions/side ones. The game is huge, prob as huge as Unity or even bigger, but the biggest dissapointment for me was that the collectables here won't appear on the map unless you are near them or find them with eagle vision. Really bad, Unity did this too most of the time and that for a guy like me who wants the 100% sync is really bad and time consuming. The only 2 things that make this game different in gameplay from the other ones are the rope you can launch from your assassin gauntlent, very useful for navigating around the city more faster and easier and the other thing is that here we have carrieges which are pulled by horses. Gives you a 19th century GTA vibe.

Audio:
The game sounds very good in all aspects, the voice acting is on top, the characters giving you feelings and emotions. Evie and Jacob are perfect here, no comment.

Multiplayer:
NO! Thank god not this time.

Graphics:
This one is an obv downgrade from Unity. It doesn't mean it looks really bad or something, but when compared to Unity, the most obv kinda clone of this game or vice versa, it looks a little bit downgraded overall. London looks gorgeous, the amount of details put in it are amazing and the game can run pretty well on older hardware too. I tested this on a 750ti and it ran pretty smoothly at 1080p, tho with medium settings. Yes the game had the ocasional freezes, but on the newer and more capable hardware there is no problem.

Would i recommend this to any AC fan or a new commer to the series? For one who played other AC games this will be what the others gave him so far and more. For a new commer? Yes. It's a very good game and i can't really say you will get bored easily, only if you really don't like it at all. But i would not buy at full price. I didn't get it at full neither, got it when it was like 10 euros with Jack the Ripper DLC too at reduced cost.
 

✪ m1ke
646 products in account
0
558 people found this review helpful
1,333 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
41.1 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
14 hours into this game and i haven't fallen though the ground yet.
 

Kasterborous
243 products in account
23
106 people found this review helpful
206 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.4 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2017
Sneaking round a templar base, two civilians saw me, one asked the other "what is that man doing", the other replies "sshh he's sneaking".

13/10
 

Heaven Eyes
1,100 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.4 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2021
spiderman in London
 

Raven
159 products in account
0
181 people found this review helpful
88 people found this review funny 9

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2021
So I decided to give it a try. Wanted to experience Victorian London.
And it might be a good game. It might be. I wouldn't know. Because I can't change the in-game language to English (as it automatically set it to Russian because of my Eastern European IP). I've been trying to change the language for one and a half hour and then Ubisoft support just told me I could go screw myself, as the game has been BOUGHT in Russian and hence can not be played in English. Truly a Ubisoft experience.
 

TheWanderer
41 products in account
11
159 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.5 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2015
Assassins Creed : Syndicate has made a glorious return for the AC franchise with beautifully structured tale with heart and soul to spare. London makes for the most exciting and focussed Assassin's experience in quite some time, it hasn’t been this much fun to wield the hidden blade in years.

Its not perfect but its still enjoyable..to its core..

Performance

After Unity fiasco i didnt pre-order Syndicate even though I am hugh fan of AC Franchise was waiting for some1 to say port is playable on steam later i got d gold edition few minutes after d launch i started with 980ti with maxed out and frames used to dip around 40 in d open world and later i switched off hairworks and game works like a charm
Surprise is my older 770 can run dis game with High - Very High settings with Hairworks off with 40 -55 fps avg so i ended up playing on 770 were unity runs on 30 fps after a year ..

In Short Ubisoft did a great job and made a fanastic PC Port still there is room for improvement
A Lesson Well Learnt..

Pros :

+ Victorian London is absolutely beautiful and gorgeous ..
+ Carriages adds some welcome chaos to proceedings.
+ The rope launcher is a game-changer for scaling hugh architecture and stealth approach.
+ AI is better than previous titles detection is gradually improved still they can be made to look, as dumb.
+ Some of the best outfits seen after Revalations.
+ Building up your Gang is rewarding .
+ Soundtracks are awesome especially d one of Precursor Tokens.
+ Wonderful story led by two of the strongest protagonists in the series.
+ No Initiates, No Companion App. Microtransactions are still here, but they are optional and mostly worthless. Used in to buy helix glitches map.
+ A lot of famous historical characters to meet and complete missions for.
Like 
+ New Leveling System .
+ Crafting is Good but can be improved.
+ Free Running is Mastered smooth animation and cool moves.
+ New combat and Multi Takedown feels enjoying and brutal.
+ Assassination has its own approach allowing users to make ur own approach for d kill.
+ Loots of tools and weapons to choose from.
+ Your Hideout is a moving train.
+ All characters are interesting making d story enjoyable to its core..

Cons:

- Repetitive small activitves
- Crafting is not visualy rewarding like witcher 3 just stats are upgraded.
- Vey Few Finishers, may become repetitive after sometime.
- Final boss battle is frustrating . Totally LAME.. kills the mooD.
- No nonletal weapons not even bare fists .
- Voltaic bomb kills Civilians and Carriage Grinding doesnt ?
Lame achievement " Without a Grude "

After playing for 60 Hrs i have achieved 100 % in game every achivement every perk is unlocked thus i can say dat
Syndicate Overall is a Great Sandbox its my second best Assassins Title after Assasins Creed 2 and is totally recommend..
8.5/10
 

MRL1GHTN1NG
595 products in account
5
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.9 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2017
A significant improvement over AC: Unity but not without its flaws. Syndicate stars twins Jacob and Evie Frye set in Victorian London. As always with AC games, the world is beautiful and feels alive. The Frye twins are interesting protagonists and the game play aspect of being able to switch between characters for a slightly different play style is a nice change.

Unfortunately Syndicate also shares some similar problems as previous AC installments, namely repetition. The world map is filled with side missions and collectibles, alas most of them are pretty much the same and once you've collected a few vintage beer bottles or pressed flowers there's not much fun in finding more, unless you want to try different color schemes for your outfits in the crafting menu.

Speaking of crafting, the crafting system has been expanded this time around and you'll be able to craft new and more powerful weapons and armor which is a nice addition to the game. Skills and perks have been improved as well but at only 10 levels max it won't take you that long to reach the highest level.

Some side missions will have you encounter famous people from the Victorian era but game play wise these missions don't do anything new. The main missions do provide alternate ways of completing objectives, which is nice but in the end I found that it just didn't provide enough entertainment to revisit.

As with most AC games, don't expect great optimization or a steady frame rate and be prepared to struggle with numerous bugs and graphical glitches, though it's certainly not as bad as AC: Unity.

If you're a fan of the AC series then Syndicate is worth picking up. If not then this game will not change your mind as it's really more of them same except in a different setting.
 

Jay
346 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
86.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 December, 2018
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Try not to get addicted
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run the calculator program
☐ Potato
☐ Minimum
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boy
☐ Needs 32 core processor/quantum cpu

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press some buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Story}---
☐ Epic
☑ Lovley
☐ Good
☐ Average
☐ Not great
☐ Better than nothing i suppose...
☐ Doesnt have

---{Game Time}---
☐ Endless
☐ Very Long
☑ Long
☐ Depends on you
☐ Not too short
☐ Short
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea

---{Price}---
☐ Buy now
☐ Consider to buy it
☐ Worth the price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Do not buy it
☐ Do not throw money into a trash can

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never had any
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Some bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a bug
 

Fa1R
12 products in account
2
55 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
523.6 hrs on record
Posted: 20 May, 2016
After a huge disaster with ACU i had no hope with ACS . Actually the franchise is died after AC4 so i went into it expecting unity 2.0, but what I got ohhhhhh boy was so much more, it's fast paced action and nice story . Jacob and Evie are such a warm welcome back to the series, the implementation of two characters gives us the gamers more......personality, the chemistry and development between the two is impeccable. The gameplay on the other hand is also fantastic, a bit overwhelming at first but after you become numb to it, it's amazing!! Where once I was concerned that the technology would ruin this franchise it only added to it, grappling hooks (which at first I was worried about), trains, carriages, revolvers, etc. All added something that assassins creed needed. In all this year was the shake up this franchise needed the only flaw is....take a guess...... The modern story.... But I honestly don't think it will get any better in games to come, but that aside the game puts life into a dying franchise and definitely adds an apology for unity.
 

nfshrk™
167 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.9 hrs on record
Posted: 5 June, 2016
I have finished the main storyline, some side quests, around 30 hours gameplay time and I levelled up the character to level 9 (highest is 10).

What's impressive
+ Detailed city landscape of London during the Victorian Era.
+ You get to meet some famous figures that are rarely seen in Video Games such as Charles Dickens.
+ The ending song "Underground" is really good.
+ The grabbling hook is useful and fun to use with the high towers in London
+ The twin heroes (Jacob and Evie) have better personalities than AC3 and AC:Unity.

Meh (could have been better)
- Stealth mode is more improved here. However, all what you can do in Stealth mode is crouching. Could have been improved with more moves like taking cover and do a quick roll between covers. Or simply ditch the Stealth mode away since AC was never about being sneaking slowly.
- Driving carriages is good for reaching far objectives in London. It is however not that fun to drive. The chase scenes are awkward and unrealistic.
- The weapons and fighting style is probably the weakest in the whole series. It feels unresponsive and when surrounded by too many enemies it just become a mess and random.
- The Skills Level Up menu is probably a new thing to this series (not sure if this was in Unity). You now earn XP to unlock points and assign them to a specific skill. However, this feature is completely unnecessary. It simply means the assassins in this game are unskilled. They could've just improve the characters every new chapter just like Edzio or Altair when they unlock new weapons or new skills.
- Microtransactions. While you really don't need them, but the idea of pay-to-win in a single player do annoy the player and takes him out of the experience.

The Bad
- The game feels like it is missing a plot. If you want to play it for the plot, just watch the ending straight away and skip the game.
- Too many repititive side-missions. In order for your "gang" to control an area, you will have to do 4 kinds of missions again and again: Kidnapping a wanted gang member, assassinating a templar officer, freeing enslaved children or simply killing every gang member in a specified area. You get to repeat this process dozens of times. The only challenge here is that some enemy gangs can be on a level higher than you which they will be able to inflict higher damage on you and they will have longer health bar.
- The Train Hideout does not feel as impressive as AC2 hideout or as useful as AC4 ship. A huge missed oppurtinity here.
- Weak cast of side-characters on both the Assassins side and the Templars.

Performance
The game has been played on GeForce 780 GTX (3GB of GDDR5) with i7, 12 GB of RAM and Windows 10. I tried the game on both 1080p and 2k resolutions. The game do not maintain 60fps easily as I had to lower some graphical settings. Meanwhile, Witcher 3 (another open-world game) do run better on my machine. I think the game is not optimized. However, it do run better than AC:Unity. I also had multiple crashes that usually happen after the end of a chapter or some quests.


Final words
Have you ever tried copying ideas in Art class from the next guy? AC Syndicate feels just like that. It tries to copy features from other games like Arkham Series, Far Cry, Hitman, GTA and so on. Ubisoft should have taken its time and re-perfected the Assassin formula just like they did with AC2.

If you are new to Assassin's Creed, avoid this game and get one of the older ones (I recommend AC1. AC2, AC4).

If you did not like Unity then you would say the same to this game.

It is safe to watch the ending and skip this game.
 

Kasser
555 products in account
6
37 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
28.8 hrs on record
Posted: 31 January
chewsday ennit
 

ShadyBoii
55 products in account
0
112 people found this review helpful
230 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2017
Sneaking round a templar base, two civilians saw me, one asked the other what is that man doing, the other replies sshh he's sneaking.
 

Chupapi
194 products in account
3
119 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2015
Ubisoft learned the hard way, haven't enjoy an AC game since AC 2, Brotherhood and Revelations also it is optimized nice job Ubisoft.
 

Hitman
246 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 July, 2018
===[]===
☐ Kids
☐ Everyone
☑ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☐ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

===[]===
☐ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☑ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☐ Medium
☐ Fast
☑ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☑ Ez
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard (firstfew hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☑ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[] ===
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[]===
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[]===
Multiplayer: ☐
Singleplayer: ☑
 

Benibla124
513 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
177.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 May, 2016
The amount of effort developers put into making of this game is amazing. Unfortunately game has minor annoying shortcoming that prevent it from being truly great.
The interiors, for example. In the previous game, Unity, you could enter almost any building. In Syndicate the whole center of London is just copy/pasted boxes a la GTA III instead of houses with detailed interiors with the exception of mission related buildings. Which are few.
The graphics certainly are amazing, the architecture is significantly better looking and more interesting to climb and explore compared to GTA V, but if you compare it to Unity, it's definetely a step back. The controls are typical for AC series and that's annoying that developers fail to make an enjoyable combat mechanics for the 9th bloody time. For example, I was aiming my revolver at the charging enemy and just as I was ready to shoot game switched me to melee mode and I had to use a quickshot with a separate button. The story is abysmal. No character development, no twists, uninspired cameo appearances of Marx, Dickens and few other historic figures become a boring routine. You're just told from the start that Assassins are good, Templars are bad, and you stab them in their backs one by one til the end credits roll.
Overall game feels incredibly solid and leaves pleasant memories.
 

camXmile
1,216 products in account
0
300 people found this review helpful
150 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2015
Let's start this recommendation with a bit of background information about my history with Assassin's Creed. It's important, yes, yes it is.

I loved Assassin's Creed, ever since the first game, the one where you play as the weird monkey, I mean monk, Altair. You climb from building to building, start beating up people, stabbing them, jumping around, the bread and butter formula of Assassin's Creed.

Assassin's Creed 2 took this system to a whole new level, with the introduction of Ezio, whom in my opinion, is still the best character in the entire series. Then came Brotherhood, Revelations, 3, Liberation, etc etc, it's all the same formula with slightly different changes per game. For instance, the Twin Blades in AC2, the Hookblade in Revelations, and the usage of recruits in Brotherhood.

The series, was awesome.
HOWEVER, the Assassin's Creed did get plagued by several things, but mainly, Uplay, or as I'd like to call it, U-♥♥♥♥♥-play. It's horrible, AC2 was "DRM-ed" with having a constant connection to the servers, only problem being was that the servers happily cut off connection every 10 seconds, causing you to get booted from AC2.

ANYWAY. After that massive screw over by Ubisoft with Unity, I decided to boycott the entire series. Microtransactions? ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performances even on my GTX970? Yeah, I was done with the AC series. Till Syndicate had a 40% sale, and I figured, hey let's give this game another chance!

And I'm glad I did, for the first few hours anyway.

Let's talk about Graphics.
It's amazing, it's beautiful, and London is one huge city to explore. Most importantly, it runs on Ultra settings with my 970, something Unity failed to do even with 4x Titan Xs. Yeah, the optimization for this game is nicely done (after two weeks anyway).

Now moving on to Gameplay..
It's typical Assassin's Creed, you jump, you fly, you go left and right, you stab people. Except now, they make you choose between a stealth character or a brawling character. Some like the AC combat system, I personal prefer the stealth elements. Both characters share the same EXP pool, so you can switch between them as and when you like.

By the way, controls are dumb-ed down, you just hold one button to fly across the map. There's no elements such as near fall, or any other more complicated buttons to press for that matter. It's literally a babi-ed Assassin's Creed, there's no more complexity that the older games delivered.

How about the story?
It's, once again, a typical Assassin's Creed story. Assassin's trying to over throw Templars. It's been the same thing since the first game. Although I do hate the inturruptions between the real world and the London world, YES THAT ANNOYING MID SEQUENCE THING IS STILL THERE. Why didn't they bring back the Black Flag system beats me, it worked.

Audio?
The music is medicore at most, upon launching most AC games, you'll instantly get drawn to the menu music. Personally, I felt that Syndicate's music is a lot weaker compared to the other AC games. AC1's Credits Song, AC2's Venice Rooftops, AC:B Master Assassin and even AC3's Main Theme, all of these had a lasting impact on the player because of the nature of the piece. Sadly, Syndicate's music doesn't deliver that tier, the music is good, but it won't stick with you.

Multiplayer?
First Unity removed the AMAZING multiplayer experience started by Brotherhood. Gone were the days where you tried to assassinate another Assassin while at the same time, running away from your own Assassin / Templar.
They threw in Co-Op instead

Then Syndicate removed Co-Op.
Yep.
What Multiplayer?

What about the microtransactions in this game?
Fk off Ubisoft.

This is a slight Yes to recommending this game since it IS Assassin's Creed, and it IS fun for a while (at least).

Pros
- Not Unity
- It's a DECENT Assassin's Creed
- The story is alright
- Game is really, really well optimized
- It's Not Unity
- Did I mention it's not Unity?

Cons
- Micro-♥♥♥♥♥-transactions
- Dumb-ed down controls
- Medicore Soundtrack
- No Multiplayer
- Did I mention Micro-♥♥♥♥♥ transactions?
 

InAmberClad
2,544 products in account
26
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
88.2 hrs on record
Posted: 11 November, 2019
At the time of writing this edit of my review, I have completed the game's campaign, a number of the character side missions, the Jack the Ripper DLC, and parts of The Last Maharajah and The Dreadful Crimes.

I still recommend this entry in the franchise, but a more complete playthrough has somewhat lessened my esteem of it in some places. My largest complaint at this point would be the repetitiveness of the gameplay. Though there is variety in the objectives and action of the main story missions, they generally follow a consistent structure across the game - Jacob investigates the target, then assassinates them, while Evie cleans up the mess left in the wake of Jacob's last kill. Access to the last two of the game's nine sequences is locked behind liberation goals - to access sequence 8, you have to liberate 3 districts, and to access sequence 9, you have to have liberated the entire city. This means that to complete the story, you have to play every single liberation activity; kill every Templar, kidnap every gang leader, free every child labourer. It's exhausting. Here, there is no variety beyond variation in level design and optional objectives.

The assassinations are still a highlight, carrying over the 'black box' sandboxes from Unity. Hunting a mad doctor in Lambeth Asylum; infiltrating an armoured carriage in Waterloo Station; stopping a robbery at the Bank of England; sneaking into Parliament; outmatching theatrics at the Alhambra. They are awesome. A large area within which to hunt your target, explore your options, create opportunities for yourself. And while the repeating structure of it does make it somewhat lose its appeal, it is interesting to see from Evie's perspective the consequences of each of these kills. It's always interesting when Assassin's Creed explores these angles instead of overly romanticising the Assassins as they did in AC2. It's simultaneously good lore-building while also adding depth to the portrayal of the group in Syndicate; Jacob's relentless pursuit of the London Templars gives rise to snake-oil medicine merchants, destabilises the transport sector, collapses the economy, and drives a stake through the heart of Whitehall.

The characters are a standout as well. Jacob and Evie Fyre, our twin protagonists, present a somewhat engaging duality to the story, with Jacob being a brutish young man who's desperate to make a name for himself both in the Brotherhood and in the wider city, while Evie wants to stop the Templars in a more long-term way, preferring stealth to combat. This duality is sadly not extended to the gameplay, where they are identical with identical animations and movesets, having only 1-2 unique abilities each that are of little impact.

The music by Austin Wintory is also a standout, something I have changed my tune on. It's lively, energetic, and perfect in tone for the setting. And it is so unlike anything that has come in Assassin's Creed before. 'A Gauntlet Scherzo', 'Bloody Presto con Brio' and 'The Assassin Two-Step' are highlights for me. The only complaint I have music-wise is that for some unfathomable reason, Ubisoft decided to leave 5 'murder ballads' written by Wintory out of the game. 'Give me the Cure', 'The Late Pearl Attaway', 'The Tale of Twopenny', 'Feasting on a Lord', and 'Jokes Jokes Jokes' all have lyrics lamenting the deaths of Jacob's 5 main targets, and they are absolutely brilliant, but they aren't in the game.

1868 London is an interesting open world. Like all AC open worlds, it lacks the ways you can interact with it to make it feel more 'real', however, it is visually arresting and enjoyable to explore. As I mentioned in the original version of this review, the variety in the level design across the map, from the tight valleys of Whitechapel to the slums and factories of Southwark and the churning waters of the Thames, is interesting. The addition of driving allowing you to speed across the city is welcome.

----------

I would strongly recommend Jack the Ripper and The Dreadful Crimes. The former takes the tone in a fittingly darker direction than the light humour of Quebec's Syndicate. There is still an element of repetition, as it asks you to do revised versions of the Liberation activities from the main game, but the story is much more focused and divorced from world progress, and tells a very interesting tale of Evie hunting the eponymous killer and asking 'what differentiates an Assassin from a serial killer?'. The addition of non-lethal fear attacks reinforces that philosophy, and though it took me a while to grasp it, it did a lot to enhance the more stealthy gameplay aspects. As for the Dreadful Crimes, they play very similarly to the murder mysteries in Unity, with a few improvements. You'll be introduced to a murder scene, and asked to figure out who did the killing. There's clues to examine, suspects to interrogate, and i found it actually tested my logic capabilities. A lot of fun.
 

LadyRedfield
250 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.8 hrs on record
Posted: 25 July, 2016
Oh, my. I never thought I'd enjoy an Assassin's Creed game this much ever again after playing the utter disaster that was Assassin's Creed Unity. I'm having so much fun with this game I literally just paused it right now and Alt+Tabbed into Steam to write this review.

To sum everything up really quickly: Combine the amazing ambiance and atmosphere of Assassin's Creed II with the sheer fun and satisfation of Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood and Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag and you get this game. It's that good. If you're a fan of the series, buy it right now and don't look back. Trust me.

For a bit more detail, read on.

Some background on me: I'm a monumental, long-time fan of this series. A history major in college, I reserved the first game on Xbox 360 and played it the day it came out in 2007, eager to see what a video game rendering of the Crusades would be like. Assassin's Creed II came along and struck me like Cupid's Arrow; the unrepentant love I have for that game still exists to this day and even motivated me to visit Florence and Venice multiple times in the past few years. I played AC3, didn't like it much, played Black Flag, loved it.

Then Assassin's Creed Unity happened, and pretty much drove a rusty dagger through the heart of my love for this series. What an absolute disaster. I hated every bit of it. It caused me to all but abandon the series... Until now, almost a year after Syndicate's release, when I decided to give it a try despite my hatred for Ubisoft and all of the bad will I still hold from being burned by Unity, which still doesn't run on my PC.

And boy, am I glad I tried Syndicate. I have almost no complaints about this game. In fact, it's the best Assassin's Creed game I've played since Brotherhood, and maybe even better than that. It stands up there with Assassin's Creed II as the best game of the series. Yes, better than Black Flag. It's that good.

The game is drop dead gorgeous. Ambient occlusion and bloom make the lighting utterly beautiful, and the rain and water effects are jaw-dropping. The character textures are good but not great, but the environment textures are wonderful. Graphical prowess is nothing new for this game, though. What is strikingly better than recent efforts is the sheer immersion of Victorian London. I haven't felt so immersed in an Assassin's Creed setting since Florence and Venice in Assassin's Creed II. The NPC interactions on the street, ambient noise, and weather effects are all amazing. Drunks will sing, people will get into fights, there will be random shakedowns in alleys.There are evocative bills posted everywhere outside and indoor areas have Holmesian decorations like old couches and oil lamps. It's just fantastic the way that good film sets are fantastic; it adds so much atmosphere without you ever really noticing where it comes from unless you stop and serious examine your surroundings. There's so much to talk about that I can't possibly touch it all, but it all combines to a sum greater than its parts and transports you straight into the era in a way that few others games have. Maybe just Dishonored -- And that game was a fantasy only inspired by Victorian London.

Black Flag was a great game, but to me it didn't really feel like an Assassin's Creed game. It was more of a pirate game inspired by Assassin's Creed. Edward doesn't even become an assassin until the very end! Yet people still loved it, myself included. Arno was admittedly dull in Unity (a somewhat lesser rehash of Ezio Auditore but without the motivating factor of vengeance and half the charm), so to solve the problem of where to go with this protagonist, the developers give us two playable characters: Evie, the quintessential no-nonsense assassin who is completely dedicated to the creed (a la Altair in the first game), and Jacob, the loose cannon, troublemaking, bar brawling Englishman who isn't a serious assassin, only joining because his parents raised him to be one (a la Edward Kenway from Black Flag). And the system works perfectly. The two characters, between whom you can switch at any time, are the most well fleshed out playable characters to appear in this game in a long time. They each have chemistry, their dialogue is written well, and their voice actors are excellent. Motion capture serves well as they each have unique mannerisms. The skill trees can be individualized between them both, creating a drive to continue on playing and customizing to your liking. And gang upgrades and skill trees ensure that you'll spend hours just gathering money and items, staying up until 2:00 AM because "I just want to unlock one more thing", something I haven't felt about these games since the Apprentice missions in Brotherhood.

The gameplay itself provides ample opportunity to play it as either a brawler, a pure stealth venture, or something in between. Whatever you want, it's here, and they blend seamlessly into one another. Past Creed games have overloaded the player with too many tools, effectively eliminating any challenge the game poses. This game fixes that by giving you just enough to keep it interesting, but not so much that you're easily able to breeze through everything once you have all of the unlocks. The stealth sequences give you just enough tools to remain challenging, and the combat is less Assassin's Creed, more Batman Arkham, which is a good thing in that it provides depth to the experience. And traversal is easier and more satisfying than ever thanks to the hookshot. This game is so. Much. Fun.

The soundtrack is also noticeably better than recent entries into the series thanks to Austin Wintory's superb score of both subtle ambient tracks and crashing woodwinds and strings for the battle scenes. Again, the best score in an Assassin's Creed game since Jesper Kyd's watermark score in Assassin's Creed II.

If I do have one complaint about this game, it's the control. The improved traversal from Unity is here, but for some reason the Frye twins seem to respond to change of direction a bit more slowly, and deciding when to free run up is sometimes clunky. Everything feels more muddy than in previous titles, which can adversely affect some stealth sequences.

In order to assuage any worried about Ubisoft's bad PC ports in the past, I will say that this game runs superbly on my rig. This is the best running Assassin's Creed game I've played since Brotherhood. Even Black Flag was a bit more shaky. Unity ran around 50 FPS on high settings on my machine, this game is locked at 60 FPS with all settings maxed and I've seen very few bugs outside of normal fare for open world games.

Another plus is that, while they're still there (unfortunately), Ubisoft has greatly toned down the in-game microtransactions from Unity. Instead of popping up all over the map like in Unity, now they are relegated to being only an option in the menu, easily ignored. As a completionist I still get pissed off thinking about how annoying those microtransaction icons were in Unity. Despicable.

To sum it up: This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ great game. It absolutely breaks my heart that this title was completely overlooked and did poorly financially upon release all due to Ubisoft's screwing the pooch and releasing Unity as a broken mess when it honestly could have been a good game with another year of development.

If you're a fan of the series and you're in the mood for some face and neck stabbing then you have to purchase this immediately. Don't wait like I did. It's worth an immediate buy. If you aren't a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed series and you just like open world action games like the Batman Arkham series, give Syndicate a whirl. I bet you'll like it.

Gameplay:

YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
 

Jon Umber
383 products in account
6
43 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
104.5 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
Assassin's Creed Syndicate
Syndicate is another Assassin's Creed game set in 19th century London. I say another because not much has changed from the previous titles. You get a third-person action-adventure RPG with the same basic fighting skills and controls as any other Assassin's Creed game. What does Syndicate give you? A step back on a new engine.

What's Improved
Syndicate is designed on the same engine as Unity and looks very much the same as Unity did last year only without the poorly opimized gameplay Unity had upon release (fixed four months later). You get a new gadget to play with early on in the game, the grappling attachment to the assassin's blade. Syndicate also takes a step back to older styled combat after fans complained that Unity was overly simplified which provides a steeper challenge, especially if you wander into an area a few levels higher.

What's Unimproved
I found navagating the city worse than Unity. Unity for the most part was very decent except trying to jump off a fence or going into a window. Syndicate's controls with a keyboard and mouse are worse. I can be climbing and trying to shimmy right with the "D" key pressed and Jacob shimmys left! In just over 12 hours of gameplay, I have had this happen several times while trying to navigate support beams under bridges and the train stations.

Another area I found disappointing was the lack of stats on gear choices that Unity introduced. I rather enjoyed having so many options to load my character up with to attempt a stealth vs full on kill everything mission. Syndicate takes another step back to the quest rewards and crafting gear with very limited options other than those found on outfits.

Co-Op
One aspect of Unity I really enjoyed was the Co-Op club activities I played with my 12 year old son. We had a blast and as a result I have over two hundred hours in Unity which is double what I have in any other AC game and up to 5 times what I have in the older AC titles. I was very disappointed that the Co-Op club activities were abandoned in Syndicate this time around as I found that to be one of the most redeeming qualities of Unity.

The Story
The story is good, not great. It is the familar obtain the pieces of eden at any cost from or before the templars use them to destory the world with corrupt power. The best part of the sotry is that you get to play as two people. The interaction between the twins (Jacob & Evie) really help to push the story along and make it fun. For the most part you can choose who you want to play with the exception of the story line which will force you to play one or the other at times.

Graphics
Graphically Syndicate looks as great as Unity did, maybe just a bit better. The engine runs smooth although the system requirements are extremely steep. Running triple SLI with 3x gtx 980s my frame rate will take a hit with everything on max settings but that may be in part due to a lack of sli support. On a good note, the game still looks great on lower/mid cards such as a gtx 960 on low settings. Syndicate definitely looks better than Unity did on low settings.

Pros
Better combat
Better optimized graphics
Fun interaction between twin characters

Cons
Controls are worse
No Co-Op club activities
Limited stats to build your character

Recommendation
I was very disappointed in the absence of the Co-Op club activities, the poor control issues, and the lack of stats on gear for character custimization. But in the end Syndicate does provide that very familar AC game experience if not over familar. Syndicate is ejoyable although do not expect to spend several hundred hours in this title like you may have with AC IV Black Flag, AC Rogue, or AC Unity. The content of ship battles, exploration, and Co-Op activities are just not there.
 

Volt
763 products in account
0
75 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
66.8 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2018
I'm very close to just calling my entire venture into Syndicate a complete waste of time. I had a bit of fun, but it really wasn't worth the amount of hours it took to finish the game. In my review I'll be comparing it to Unity as they're practically sibling games, so here we go. I'll start with what I liked first.

+Syndicate is more or less just as beautiful as Unity. A lot of the pubs and street corners had a pleasant atmosphere to them, and I really enjoyed the river Thames area.
+The soundtrack is very pretty. I loved it, especially during leaps of faith.
+The unique kills are quite memorable so I'm glad they didn't take those out.
+The mission challenges aren't designed to torture completionists.
+While the rope launcher spoiled me it makes getting around a breeze. Satisfying to kinda just Batman your way out of any situation.

I'm struggling to think of more nice things to say, so now here's why I think Syndicate is a steaming pile of bloody ♥♥♥♥♥:

Gameplay & Mechanics

-This series has downgraded since Unity. The increased difficulty is gone, as well as the weapon diversity and skill building. I understand we're in 1868 London, it probably wouldn't be acceptable to waltz around the streets with a claymore but surely they could program more than three melee weapons and one type of handgun into Syndicate?
-The side missions are repetitive beyond belief and no fun at all. They've locked the higher tier gear and important items behind them, so get grinding if you want em. This is a choice they've made to push the Helix Credit system, which is an offer to spend real money in order to purchase "shortcuts". Because who has time to play an actual fun game anymore, right? This system was present in Unity as well, but Ubisoft has since learned how not to make side quests enjoyable.
-There's only 10 levels to achieve and you'll be maxed out before you even do a quarter of the side missions, so in a way the above point is entirely moot since you'll be blowing through the entire game's enemies with low level gear anyways. Syndicate relies on your measure of self restraint not to accidentally overlevel yourself instead of pacing the game.

Plot & Characters

-The story both doesn't exist and is contrived as hell. Our protagonists head to London with the chief goal of killing Templars, finding the magic relic bullshite and "freeing" the city. It never goes deeper than that, ever. The first 15 minutes would have you believe otherwise, as Jacob and Evie's handler says they aren't supposed to go to London because they need to heed the word of the council for reasons. Luckily for them the outside world and its consequences stop existing as soon as they get to London.
-The protagonists and all the characters have the personality and motivations of a wet noodle. Jacob and Evie do little more than pop one liners while they kill people. Their only character dynamic is Daddy Issues; I wish I was joking. Their allies have such little presence it's almost as if the Assassins took over London without any outside help at all, each one appearing with a few lines of paltry dialogue and a handful of cutscenes to establish them. I couldn't possibly blame someone for not remembering any names outside the famous people. With no context these minor characters somehow already know all the important details about this secret society war waged for centuries.
-The main antagonist is a moustache-twirling card-carrying Saturday morning cartoon villain, and go figure he looks like one too. They spend far too long showcasing his evil curly moustache and dark, sunken eyes as he monologues about child labour and controlling the minds of the citizenry all for this vague bullshite future he's got planned for London. I was sick of hearing his name the 3rd time I heard it. One hilarious moment that sticks out is a cutscene of him playing the piano and singing softly in memoriam of his dear cousin you just murdered. This is a humanizing moment for our villain as he's shown to care about something more than just power--why is the camera panning over his revolver, it's not like he's going to use it hereOH there it is. Shot his manservant for daring to interrupt his sad moment. He's EEEEEVUUL guys, don't forget that.
-I've seen people praise Syndicate for bringing back the memory corridors, the one on one dialogue between the assassin and their target they just killed. In previous titles they used these moments to draw in-depth comparisons to the sheer difference in methods and mindset between the two contradicting ideologies trying to answer the same question: What's best for humanity? If you watch AC1 and AC3's memory corridors vs Syndicate's you realize rather quickly they wasted the potential for that here. Jacob and Evie downright insult those they kill, either side throwing their cheap accusations and vague motivations around like children arguing over their toys. It hurts to watch but thankfully each one barely lasts a minute.

♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUGS

I'm sure this is unique to every player but I seriously thought they patched these bugs out years ago.
-I lost count of my CTDs after the 8th time. Somehow Unity ran better, and that's REALLY saying something.
-Stuttering and freezing is commonplace. Riding horse carriages causes a 1-2 second stutter while the game tries to load your surroundings in. Outside of carriages it isn't uncommon to just freeze in place for a good 5, 10 seconds. Changing graphic settings did nothing to alleviate these issues.
-The parkour is still slightly imprecise. Sometimes you'll fly off somewhere different from where you wanted to go or just doggy paddle in midair. A little annoying, but luckily not common.
-I don't know if it's the close proximity some missions and side activities have with each other, but a few times absolute chaos would just break out completely out of my control and ruin mission objectives.
-Syndicate cannot handle overlays or background processes in the slightest. It's optimized so poorly everything slows down and creates more opportunities for crashing. I've never had a game die on me simply because a friend messaged me on Steam.

Stupid Nitpicks

-The little disclaimer at the start of the game that says the creators were a multicultural team of various religious beliefs is gone, replaced by one that says Syndicate was made by a team of people with multiple sexual orientations and genders. I guess that matters more now, since AC is no longer a series about different groups all fighting over how people ought to live. I wouldn't even bother bringing it up if it wasn't an obvious ploy to satisfy those gremlins pretending to be progressive journalists & corporate heads that make up the video game industry today. I just wouldn't be able to sleep at night if I didn't know gays and transsexuals couldn't make games in the current year!
-I could tell where they really rushed certain parts of the game, Queen Victoria & Duleep Singh's memory missions especially.
-I still don't care about the modern assassins since Desmond's passing no matter how hard they try.
-Minerva throwing shade on how these simulations are about nothing but violence as proof that humanity is in a poor state of being. I'm sure the devs were proud of themselves for that line. Meanwhile all I could think about was how this series used to mean more than that.
-The three or four times they name drop Ezio, desperate to make a reference. Evie quotes "Requiescat in pace" to a dress she threw on the ground after changing out of it. Cuz she hates wearing dresses. Hahaaaa...
-Being forced to help Karl Marx avoid the police instead of assassinating him to prevent communism.

Conclusion

TL;DR this game was a bad fever dream and I'm glad it's over. I'm not gonna pretend every other entry in the franchise is a masterpiece in comparison but if this is how Ubisoft makes their AC games now I'm gonna take a hard pass in the future, thanks.
 

Gollycon
675 products in account
9
44 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: 14 December, 2015
I decided to give this one a shot since it's one of the most modern assassin's creed stories up to date. And I was allured by the idea of using a gang to dominate london's streets.

After AC3, which left me with a disappointment so big that I skipped on buying Black Flag, which in turn ended being one of my favourite assassin's creeds after I decided to play it in my brother's account. I deeply regret this, because the theme of pirates and plunder turned out to give Kenway a much better story than his grandson.

This one caught me by surprise, from the start they throw you into one of the missions of jacob and evie, working for the creed. A clever way to present how the Frye twins charge at their problems and to give you a glimpse of their personality. Jacob is a "clever bloke" cocky, and headstrong who wants to bring london back to the hands of the assassin's even if they have to become a gang itself, not that worried about the creed, but more focused on destroying the opposition, Jacob ends up giving a lot of trouble to the templars.

Meanwhile Evie is a more collected but far from calm dutiful assassin, who wants to follow up on the lead that her father had on the Shroud of Eden, an artifact recovered by Edward Kenway and hidden in London making the story feel like a follow up to Black Flag's, which just makes it even more enjoyable.

The enemies this time aren't as strong as their leader, which appears with every few assassinations to remind you how much of a evil gentleman he is, giving you a small glimpse of the templar side from time to time. Some of the templars aren't as memorable as in other games, but one of the best things about this game is that every templar that you must kill comes with a set of tools that you can follow to kill him in a cool way, or do it yourself, making it feel like how the hitman games gave you alternatives to enter and assassinate your target.

What this game lacks a bit is more important support characters for the Twins, there's no "la volpe" or the courtesans, or even the thieves from venice in AC2, and there's no manager of the gang, the rooks, which made the rooks seem more like a helping hand for you rather than something to get sad or invested in when they die during a mission.

But let's talk about mechanics a bit. This game adds carriages and the "hookshot" as I like to call it, that give you a different way to maneuver around. The carriages allow you to stay on top of them while a rook from your team drives for you, letting you fight your enemies or even jump to their carriage, kick them out and steal theirs, all of this seamlessly! it's an amazing work for sure. Back to the to hook, you can use it to easily reach other buildings in a faster way, giving you an alternative to just going through the building, and making it much easier to travel not only vertically, but between buildings, giving the tools to go from the river thames all the way to the top of the big ben in a much easier and quicker fashion. it's so enjoyable to just waltz around with these that you'll probably catch yourself strolling around london looking for more secrets rather than making the templar assassinations.

tl;dr

+Good Protagonists that actually make strong impacts in London
+Lovely craftmanship of London and its Victorian Era of innovations and advancements.
+Fight on top of carriages seamlessly and hijack the opponents carriage while you move away from the police!
+Great maneuverability vertically and horizontally between the gothic architecture of the Victorian Era using the Grappling Hook.
+A Moving Train Base with all your accomplishments decorating the walls!
+An enjoyable story with references to the best past AC Games.
+AMAZING Soundtrack full of violins packed with that london feel!

-Lack of support characters related to your gang, making you not worry what happens to your gang when you use them in combat
-Villains don't come around that often to give you that needed edge against the templars.
-They still talk about the animus and the not so interesting story of shaun and rebecca, but just with videos, making it much better than having to play with desmond like in previous installments.

Overall I had a blast with this game, The soundtrack is packed with accordeons and violins, that add a certain sherlock-esque, that just nails the london feel so well. Fighting is really enjoyable and rather than just being a prince of persia esque fight like in the early ac games, its focused on combos and killstreaks from punching people in the face, I strongly recommend you to play it if you were a fan of the series and wants a throwback to those good times of ezio, they made the right choice on not doing a multiplayer, letting them focus on adding more content to the main game.
 

Sol Goodguy
641 products in account
2
39 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
46.7 hrs on record
Posted: 5 April, 2021
Stab peopel be asasin
 

Gwoopy OwO
90 products in account
2
37 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.4 hrs on record
Posted: 27 June, 2017
My first Assassin's Creed game, I completed the main story in just over 50 hours. Spectacular story, wonderfully unique mechanics, incredible memories.
 

Tsukunea
302 products in account
4
27 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
165.9 hrs on record
Posted: 24 September, 2016
»»» THE STORY «««
The player will follow the story of twin Assassins Jacob and Evie Frye. Basically, their plan throughout the entire game is to bring down the Templars, led by Crawford Starrick, in London. Alongside this road, you will meet a number of historical characters you'll recognise, such as Karl Marx, Charles Dickens, Frederick Abberline, Queen Victoria and more.

Jacob's Story:
The story is build up in such a way that in every sequence you will hunt one of the Templars controlling London and at the end of the sequence kill them, with the ultimate goal to kill baddie-in-charge Crawford Starrick. The good thing about that is that you will be busy at all times. The bad part, however, is that it's quite bland, there's not much to it. It feels like a checklist of Templars, and you'll just eliminate everyone on that list one by one, without much thought to it. You also don't really get to see much of the bad things these so-called Templars are said to do. Of course there's an exception, but since all the Templars only appear one sequence, the awesomeness this particular Templar (going by the name of Maxwell Roth) has, is only brief.

Evie's story:
Being concerned about the Templars getting hold of a First-Civilisation artifact called the Shroud™ of Eden™, she tries to get the Shroud from the Templars, killing everyone in her way.


Ending:





»»» GAMEPLAY «««
The gameplay in this game is great.

Riding carriages:
It looks great, it feels great, it IS great.
With plenty of different carriages to ride, in different colours as well, this piece of gameplay is perfect. You can hijack any carriage, drive any carriage, be on top of carriages, be in some carriages to hide, shoot the horses of enemie carriages to see the carriage flip. Also I like being able to step out of the carriage at the side I want to step out of it. Driving the carriage sometimes feels a little clumsy, which is perfect considering that carriageriding at high-speed IS clumsy.

New "Gadgets":
Reintroducing throwing knives which work exactly like you would expect
Smoke bomb works like you would expect, with both the ability to throw them at a spot away from you and to throw them right in front of yourself.
Pistol with plenty of ammunition, making a lot of noise though, so not recommended for stealth but great otherwise.
Some other throwable and shootable objects like the Voltaic Bomb, which electrifies (gameplaywise: stuns with great visuals) your enemies and the Halluciogenic Dart, which operates like a berserker dart, making enemies turn on their friends.
The Rope Launcher / Grappling Hook: it works great, there are plenty of options to shoot your rope to and it is a very fast way of travelling about, BUT in my opinion, it takes away to enjoy the beautiful city of London, because you don't have to climb the buildings, you don't really have to look at them, thus not really experience them. In short: it works great, but I don't use it because of immersion reasons.

Combat:
You can select 3 different main weapons for in combat, being a cane-sword, a kukri knife and brass knuckles. They all essentially work the same, but have different animations and visuals.
The combat itself is the known attack/counter/stun principle, with the addition of a Multi-Kill sequence. The Multi-Kill sequence is a short animation that you can activate once two or more enemies are very low health. Activating it, however, is clumsy. Often have I been frustrated by it not activating when two enemies are low health, or activating only for two enemies when four enemies are low health. When it activates, though, it is quite nice. Aside from that, the combat flows like a river.

Stealth:
Not much changed. Standing in a group of people that totally don't look like you belong with them will still hide you from your foes, and enemies still can't look through walls, so that's great. However, there is the addition of the so-called stealth mode, which makes your Assassin put on the Assasin hood and makes him/her crouch, sometimes looking really dumb... but it works, so that's nice.
Assassinating one works the same way it always has, so I'm not elaborating on that. An assassination mission however, has gotten the addition of optional objectives that either make assassinating your target easier, or unlock a special assassination opportunity. It works great, enhances the replayabilty and it's good that you don't need to do them.

Loading Screen:
You are able to run around in the loading screen again, which is better than to stare at a black screen, so there's a plus.

»»» CUSTOMISATION «««
For anyone expecting this game's customisation to be anything like Unity: it's not. There's not a whole lot of customisation.

There are 3 main weapons, as mentioned afore, with each of them having different variant that look differently and have other stats in terms of damage and so. Same goes for the pistol and the assassin gauntlet.
You cannot see your weapons unless in combat, which is kind of a bummer. No cane-walking in London guys...

There are some outfits to choose from, but in my opinion, a lot of them look like they originate from a crappy steampunk convention and I think they don't at all look realistically, so I never changed my outfit much.
There are some buyable (with in-game currency) and unlockable colours to your outfits, making some parts of your outfit have that colour. Only one colour can be selected at a time.

Besides the main outfit, Jacob has a belt, and Evie has a cloak, which functions like a cape like Ezio's (although Evie doesn't put the cloak around her like Ezio does when being idle). There are plenty of variant for the belts and capes, but once again, most of them don't really fit in.

Walking around with a hood on, without crouching like you escaped from the asylum in the game, is sadly not possible (there's a glitch on the Thames that does enable this, though). Instead, in normal stance, Evie walks around without anything on her head, whereas Jacob has headwear: a cap for the first outfit, and a top-hat for every other outfit. Jacob's top-hat has one huge problem though, it has a red band around it which doesn't change colour when you change the colour of your outfit. So unless you dye your outfit red, it doesn't look good.

»»» GRAPHICS «««
London looks amazing and is very detailled.
I myself didn't like the colours used in the game, so I resorted to making a SweetFX preset for the game to give London more of a IMO Londonish atmosphere I like. Aside from colour, the graphics are very good.

Clothing physics are at a new best, but they are on PC locked on 30FPS. Setting it to 60FPS is however easy to do, just google a tutorial for that. (Note that I normally don't really look at FPS, but seeing one 30FPS element in a 60FPS environment is just cringy).

»»» DLC «««
Great DLC - not going to elaborate on it, but I really recommend it.
 

Rupture13
262 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2020
Korone enjoy this so lets go lads
 

<<TH OMICRON PATIENT ZERO>>
296 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: 21 May
Last true Assassin's Creed game and a great one at that with very interesting characters and great location
 

THE_KING-2-5
603 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
46.9 hrs on record
Posted: 3 October, 2020
For an "Assassin's Creed", not at all a bad game but also not one of the Best Ones either. The Story is boring but gameplay is fine.
But as an open world game, it's really good.. Play it and enjoy it.

This game is also the last Assassin's Creed before they changed the gameplay, so the game is as simple as those Assassin's Creed use to be.

The environment is this game looks clean. Victorian London and it's streets are big. The Architecture in this game in beautiful, spot on from historical standpoint, the world design itself is very good. Streets are filled with people & so many buildings have fully explorable interiors that makes this open world a must see. The scaling of everything in the massive.

The basic missions you embark on are pretty normal as far as "Assassin's Creed" games go with the usual objectives of tailing, killing and kidnapping. Parkour is as good as any assassin's creed game, driving carriages and rampaging on the streets of London with it is a lot of fun, hell, you can even drift with horse drawn carriages. Fighting enemies on train tops & carriage tops and kicking them off the running train & carriages gives a feeling of much satisfying finishing blow. Combat, Stealth and Ecosystem is also very good. Combat system a little different from other AC.

But many things in this game has upsides and downsides.
For example.. The scaling of everything in the massive, the roads. the buildings, the trains etc.. the sense of scale really adds a feeling to the game.. jumping from rooftops to assassinate your target etc feels great.. but then again, the buildings are so far apart that it creates issue with the free-running when you have to move from rooftops of one side of the road to the other side of the road or if you're chasing someone or avoiding someone who's chasing you, it takes so much time to often climb the building or get down from building bcoz the roads are way too wide which makes those buildings far from each other creating issue of not being able to jump directly to the rooftops of other side of the road.. that problem only gets solved when you get the grappling hook to easily glide from one side to the other side of the road. So everything has both it's upsides and downsides.

Overall a good open world game.
 

drinkable_poison
56 products in account
2
33 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.4 hrs on record
Posted: 14 June, 2017
Such a fun and interesting journey,

Story missions are the best of assassin creed's games so far, The fact that there are 2 characters is amazing would've been nice if it was like GTA V's character's switching but it's still pretty amazing.

The map is pretty small, only 1 country/city/place, comparing to other assassin's creed games like IV Black Flag, or Rogue, but its fine since the whole game is about the city of London.

the attacking is pretty challenging at first, it becomes easy at later stages of the game when leveled up, its much challenging than the other assassins creed games, but in the same time much preferred.

The only thing that changed in parkour/free-run was the addition of the "climb up/climb down" method which was used in Unity aswell, which was a nice touch, however some complications might happen when trying to jump from a ledge into a ledge behind. the character doesn't jump easily.

I never enjoyed playing an assassin creed's side missions like in Syndicate, most of the characters you run into in the game has cool stories in their side missions, and the weapons and tools they unlock are the best in the game.

In all I really enjoyed playing this flavor of the assassin creed's series, its different than the others in many ways, but not to the worse its new in a good and an amazing way.

Worth every penny you spend on it.

PS: Helix points are not worth the money you spend on em, dont buy em.
 

🔥 Kevlinc 🔥
1,153 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: 18 August, 2019
Seeing how many negative elements I have wrote, one might wonder why I still recommended this game. It is because even with these, this adventure is still enjoyable.

+) Main menu music is ART. It's the same Assassin's creed theme song but still, you hear it, you tear up. That's how good that music is.
+) Clear and straightforward HUD.
+) Distinguishable graphics.
+) Various skills with intriguing skill tree. Really motivates you to level up.
+) When you conquer an area you actually clear the area. No more re-generate of mob army.
+) During missions you can see chests and collectibles along the way.
+) You don't have to face the chests to open them.
+) Facial expressions of characters are amazing! That goes without saying very well made main characters.
+) Combo count makes the battle more fun.
+) Love how you can buy treasure maps from the shop.

-) They're horrible at wrapping up stories. Every moment of farewell the level of emotion is as if they're saying bye after meeting in a bar one night and played a short game of pool.
-) Why two main characters to play at the same time? Why didn't you just make two different campaign that happens in same timeline so that people have a very solid reason to play the game again?
-) Missions are divided too much, thus some are really short. I would've preferred them connected if they belong to one same story.
-) Most of the side objectives are ridiculous. They force you to play unprofessionally. No Assassin would behave in such inefficient way.
-) Each side objectives should've granted xp. You get no bonus xp or whatsoever if you succeed one but fail the other.
-) After certain cut scenes, certain moments in the mission, your character's view or position changes and that could really cause irritating moments.
-) Dialogues of NPCs can really be interfered by other npcs chatting and singing near you.
-) Running around and passing through objects degenerated. Just sprinting through them should've covered it.
-) Jumping to the other side has also degenerated. The length of it is not consistent. Devs relied on ropes too much.
-) Motion for ledge assassination is poorer than Assassin's Creed II. A guy dies falling from two boxes above the ground? At least stab the guy. Hahahaha
-) The key to ride a carriage and running down from places has same key in them. If you misplace yourself just one bit, you'll get beat while going back to the driver's seat. Simple sprinting towards the ground could've covered this.
-) Racing takes too much part in this game. I hate racing activities. I only do them only when I have too and here, I had too. Dang.
-) Henry looks like a ghoul in this one cut scene.
-) It was interesting to see that crafting items required certain components and not just money but the fact that you couldn't craft them even though you had all the materials because you didn't have schematics was a bit of a buzz kill. By the time you fully equip yourself with high end gears the game is either over or just about to be finished. What the heck? Let us enjoy what we worked for?
 

Hwani
334 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
58.9 hrs on record
Posted: 28 March, 2018
Assassin's Creed with trains, who would have thought?

The story is like most other Assassin's Creed games, Templars have taken control over England and you have to save it one part at a time by winning gang wars in this case, which is stupid in my opinion.

Graphics are gorgeous, soundtrack is not good enough, most enemies look like they've been copy-pasted (everyone look the same).

I like the new combat system, there are many different kind of weapons with different attack animations and finishers.
Lots of different outfits are available for both protagonists. There are total 3 skill trees in the game, one for Jacob, one for Evie and one for their gang members. At first, it seemed like a bit too much but later it turns out to be quite nice, I'm sure you'll enjoy unlocking various skills at your own pace while leveling up with Jacob or Evie.

The story is just good enough, some of the missions are really epic, especially the final mission. Side activities like racing and fight clubs are a nice change of pace. You can also solve murders and I recommend you to get the season pass or at least the Jack the Ripper DLC to enjoy the game to the fullest. Oh, and there's a World War 2 thing in the game but I don't want to spoil anything.

The playable twins can be changed at any time as long as one is not in the other's viewing angle or in the middle of a mission. According to Ubisoft, Jacob is more up close and personal kind of guy and Evie is the sneaky type. But once you're done upgrading both of their skills to maximum, it won't matter. Any one of them could just kill an army of enemies without much trouble or be the sneakiest assassin to kill that same army of enemies without any of them noticing. However, when it comes to their personality, Jacob is absolutely not an assassin. Evie is the real deal.

Your hideout is a moving train. All your collectibles are there, some gang members, train maintainers, the other twin, a black market dealer is also there, basically everything you need is on that train.

It has trains, ships, carriages, races, fight clubs and most important of all - the Present Day story actually makes a progress in this game. I would definitely recommend anyone to buy it, even if you're not familiar with the Assassin's Creed series.
 

Debjit_M
2,728 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.0 hrs on record
Posted: 26 August, 2021
I know the world may have forgotten you AC: Syndicate, but I love you.
 

Antiquarian
1,819 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2021
Good story,beautiful london ,amazing main and side quests,epic soundtracks.
What u want from a game just enjoy from it
 

ememad77
189 products in account
0
169 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
Assassins Creed meets Peaky Blinders. About 4 hours into this game and my initial impression is this is the best Assassins Creed in quite a while. Well Done Ubisoft
 

Defender of Lorien
440 products in account
5
76 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.6 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
I understand the importance of the graphical stability and the framerates and whatnot, but really, people should also talk about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ epic the gameplay is.

As a fan of the franchise since the first game, I don't find the story to be that good, or the characters too interesting comparing them to the first ACs. We don't need a carbon copy of Ezio, but sadly Ubisoft can't make any other set of characters as interesting as the ones in the Ezio trilogy. They aren't bad but they aren't great either

But gameplay-wise? This is where the game truly shines. I haven't experienced this kind of feeling with an AC game since I played AC2 after playing the first one.

The game takes the best bits from Unity and makes them better, like the new to the series stealth system, parkour system, customization, skills, and some resemblance to the combat (blocking at the exact time is not important tho, and the combat feels more arcade-button mashing style, way faster than any AC game)

The combat may feel clunky at first, but for me it was an acquired taste. The parkour however, feels as fluid as ever and the new grappling hook is a really nice addition in my opinion, and if you don't enjoy it you can avoid it without problem.

I also think the new missions are designed way better, I have not finished the game yet, but the missions make way more sense, are more interesting and way less repetitive than the first games. No more endless tale missions, there is an immense variety of stuff to do, and every type of mission requires a different aproach, you're not going to try the same thing inside a factory than aboard a boat.

The thing is, the stealth is implemented way better in this games than in previous ones, the mission design is more open and interesting and the navigation through the world is fluid, also taking into account the carriages.

The game is chaotic and it doesn't take itself too seriously,that is a really fresh change that the franchise needed.
For the people like me who likes the modern story, the game is a small step but in the right direction, there are just 10 minutes worth of cinematics, which kind of sucks, but it means that Ubisoft knows that the modern day storyline is necessary to keep a lot of old fans buying the games.

So, in the end, it is not the perfect AC game. it has its problems, but the gameplay is really well designed and it really shows that the developers are walking towards the right direction, in a way (if you don't b*tch a lot about every little mistake you might find just for the ♥♥♥♥ of it) it could be said that this is the return of the franchise...

(sorry for bad english, not my native language)
 

Blueshift
104 products in account
4
52 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: 9 October, 2021
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is the last of the *OG* AC games. In my opinion it is the weakest one in the series but it's still quite enjoyable which is something almost all Ubisoft games got going for them

TLDR: This game is a 6/10 for me and I'd recommend it only to a die hard AC fans and to anyone who want to experience London as a setting.

Now for the Pros: Victorian London looks great, it's gorgeous and well detailed overall. The rope launcher was a nice addition too. The game was decent enough customization (although less than unity) and most of the outfits look great on the characters. I did not experience any major bugs either. Recruiting gang members to infiltrate regions was also quite enjoyable. There are many tools in the game and the stealth aspect is quite strong.

Now for the Cons: The story is quite boring tbh, i never felt the need to know what would happen next. The protagonist Evie and Jacob Frye are just quite bad, Victorian London is a dark setting with child labour and poverty and people getting opressed but the Frye twins present this upbeat tone and act like clowns and the problem is.. their jokes don't really land. Its a weird choice overall. Also Evie and Jacob are pretty much the same, the only difference is at the end of the skill tree which you won't really unlock until the game is almost done which takes away from the point of having two different protagonist in the first place. The villain is a generic bad guy who wants to take over London and also wants the Shroud of Eden. The game looks graphically worse than Unity, the draw distance is super low due to an omnipresent fog, which also reduces performance, because if you remove the fog, you will get a performance boost and realize how bad the city looks at the far end. The combat is the worst I've ever seen, it's literally just button mashing and looks super cartoonish. The weapon types are pretty much none, there are some daggers, cane swords and knuckles. There's also a lack of proper animations and the whole game can start to feel a little repetitive. There are also 40 different side quests, which actually mean that there are 4, copy and pasted 10 times in different regions (cough *dunkey reviews* cough). The parkour is a huge step back from unity, in Unity where you could freely jump about and create cool paths, well now even with similar animation, Jacob lacks the agility, the game also just won't let you freely jump and will constantly try to hold our hands thus reducing player agency. The city although designed very well isn't one for parkour, the streets are super wide and you'd have to use the rope launcher which again being a cool gadget, just throws the parkour out of the windows and becomes a Batman game. The rope launcher also is just terribly under used, it would have been super cool to use it in combat and the kills could've been brutal, maybe even in stealth, even earlier games like Rogue have used rope darts to do similar stuff, why couldn't Syndicate do it too. The horse carriage are also just super weird to handle. The game also has super weird cutscenes in a few moments, and this is greatly magnified in the Last Maharaja DLC. Even GTA San Andreas, a game from 2004 had better cutscenes. The Season Pass of the game doesn't include all the DLCs. The game also has microtransactions.

Now for the DLCs:
Do not buy the Last Maharaja DLC, its just terrible with the dumbest AI and some of the most terrible mission designs in the game. I'm an Indian and I still had no interest with this DLC.
Jack The Ripper DLC however was quite enjoyable, its presents a more serious tone, there's a slight sense on mystery about Jack's Identity, the Fear Takedowns are really good, being able to play as Jack the Ripper was slightly unsettling cuz I don't really want to control a serial killer but it presented some good moments of the narrative. Jacob and Evie are also a lot older and wiser and not clowns anymore which was great. The Sherlock Holmes Series styled investigation sequences were also well made.
The Dreadful Crimes is the 3rd and final DLC for the game and *IS NOT* included in the season pass. This DLC goes further into the Sherlock type Investigations and tbh they are really interesting, its quite nice overall but the fact that it isn't in the season pass is still quite bad
The cosmetic items such as the outfits and stuff look nice, it depends on person to person if you like them, although almost all the outfits in the game look great
 

Kartikeya0807
117 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
113.7 hrs on record
Posted: 20 December, 2016
I love Assassin's Creed Syndicate.

Quite the controversial opinion I've discovered, since after the Metal Gear Solid V fiasco I solemnly decided never to watch trailers, gameplay videos or otherwise engage in the community of games I'm more than average exited about playing. As a result I dived into Syndicate pretty much completely blind after a much needed AC break of a little over a year. And I can assure you that it didn't disappoint.

The exiting combat and increased fluidity of gameplay and movement is the main culprit here since previous installments felt like awkwardly moving through a jar of honey but this time around combat is fun, exiting and brutal and it made the core gameplay so much more fun than before that I wasn't even sick of it after 58 hours of gameplay.

I found the story and setting far more interesting this time around as well, so much in fact that I was actually interested in sightseeing and reading Shaun's descriptions of buildings and characters.

I won't go on much more here but I will say that I'm not in the camp of seemingly 99% of you who apparently hated all the things I loved.

Play it. It's a good game.
 

Daryn Hornwood
369 products in account
5
443 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
I believe that Ubisoft learned from Assassin's Creed Unity. So far I have finished the first mission with no FPS drops. I was able to maintain a constant 60 fps with little to no changes (I am playing with MAX settings) The graphics are great, and the game runs so much smoother than Unity.

I commented this, but I will leave this here now:
Keep in mind I have only gotten through the first 3 missions. So far I enjoy the concept of being able to switch between characters, but I don't like that that share money and do not share gear. The story has not hooked me yet as much as the games prior have. I really am enjoying the atmosphere of Industrial London. I hope to encounter a larger selection of weapons, for as of right now there are no swords just the hidden blade and the sisters' cane. As the game stands with the performance, atmosphere, and the story, I would give it an 8/10

My settings are set to all MAX, with the exception of V-Sync turned off.
For those asking about my sytem specs:
I have 2 AMD Radeon 290's Crossfie enabled 4GB
Intel I7-4770K Quadcore ~ 3.5 Ghz
16 GBs RAM (2 8 GB sticks)
1300 Watt power supply
Windows 10
 

DriP
237 products in account
47
20 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2016
I'll keep it short and simple.
My favorite game so far is AC2. AC Syndicate is the first AC game after the Ezio trilogy that felt like an AC game again.
Free running and harpooning/ziplining through London feels great. The whole game feels great actually. Like the assassins got a bit more modern.

I really like seeing a female main character in AC since most AC games are male dominant.
But I love both main characters. But also how they implemented this in the game.
With the skill trees there are skills available only to Evie or Jacob, making Evie a more stealthie character and Jacob a more combat character.

Ofcourse this game has some cons as well, the region takeover is repetitive. But every game has its flaws. Generally I feel that Assassins Creed Syndicate is a step in the right direction.
 

Whojoo
247 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: 5 November, 2018
Assassin's Creed Syndicate was a great comeback from the buggy mess that was Assassin's Creed Unity. While not completely free from its own issues, I definitely think it was an improvement on its predecessor.

Pros:
+Beautiful graphics which sees Victorian London rendered in all its splendor.
+Great story which features very likable twin protagonists and their different styles of being assassins.
+Great gameplay with the addition of carriages and a cool line launcher to traverse the map.
+Great controls which leads to less frustration when traversing the map & during combat unlike its predecessor.
+Great orchestral soundtrack which suits the Victorian setting of the game.
+Variety of outfits, weapons, gauntlets, etc available for purchase and crafting as you level up or collect schematics during gameplay.
+Evie <3


Cons:
-Gang activities can get somewhat boring and repetitive after a while.
-The line launcher while a cool addition could have been better implemented when traversing certain buildings and points on the map. Also it would have been cool to see some better use of it when in combat.
 

✦Etherion✦
794 products in account
1
38 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.4 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2016
Not the best Assassin's Creed game, but worth playing if you're a fan of the series.

Story is a bit weak, and you don't really find yourself rooting for the protagonists.

Also seems to be moving from the stealthy style gameplay to the all out combat style, which is a bit of a disappointment.
 

Didgy
1,813 products in account
0
76 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: 14 February, 2020
The game world is well-made although none of the city districts have any distinguishing features. The buildings all look the same, and there's 5 different mission types, recycled and repeatedly scattered all over the map. Generic, Skyrim-like quests. Kill a target, free a target by killing everyone else, liberate an area by killing all bad guys, help citizens by killing bad guys, stop the thief, deal with bullies, you get the point.

The game is so rushed, Ubisoft didn't even have time to remove obvious bugs in the trailers. The skill preview clips have bugs and spazzing out npcs. But to be honest, it's not all surprising when Ubisoft have to race against the clock every year to release a new AC game.

I liked some of the previous games. This one has a nice design and looks good but the characters are bland and childlike. The gameplay has little to no value or interesting moments.
 

The Firebrand
309 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
76.4 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2018
Plus :
- Good graphics
- 2 playable characters
- Character customization (outfits, gears and weapons)
- Excellent parkour just like AC Unity
- Many side activities and missions
- Large map to explore
- New fast paced combat with multiple kills ability

Minus :
- less entertaining story
- Performing certain multiple kills in combat sometimes confusing
- There are still some issues like freezing or crashing at random situations
- Revealing some collectibles on the map requires Helix Credits that can be purchased through IAP but the game might still give you a small amount of free Helix Credits at some situations
 

alvirza
157 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
69.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 February
Best game in the saga
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿ ⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿ ⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼ ⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼ ⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉ ⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄
 

Seraphs
104 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 April, 2016
Unity ruined my love for Assassin's Creed. Syndicate revived it.
 

Duskwit
133 products in account
1
121 people found this review helpful
410 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: 14 January, 2016
I was sneaking in public and an NPC said "we can see you!"

Then I found some children and one of them said "if I die, I want you to eat me".

10/10 realism
 

zeus
440 products in account
4
24 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.0 hrs on record
Posted: 27 June, 2017
Yeah, it has some glitches. But it is one of the better AC games. It has a lot of 'flow', it is fast paced and addictive.

I finished it, then decided to complete the silly races and income challenges, just because I liked being in the skin of E+J. Even though I am not a completionist I played on after the main story line. The game genuinely has hidden surprises, and maybe even 10 extra hours of fun stuff outside of the main story. The Season Pass (on summer sale) added a few more hours, and I enjoyed 'the ripper.' I am 100% satisfied that Ubisoft entertained me for the money I spent.
 

bungleman
183 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: 4 May
If you're looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if you're looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.

Ingredients:

1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter
2. 1/2 cup white sugar
3. 1/2 cup brown sugar
4. 1/4 cup water
5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
6. 1 pinch salt
7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced
8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie

Directions:

1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.
3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.
4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.
5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.
6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
 

Purple
22 products in account
2
18 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 August, 2021
Overall- 7.5/10
Story-7/10
Gameplay-8.5/10
Graphics-8/10


Highlights-

A lived in world- I never got tired of observing NPCs, anywhere you stop you can listen in to random conversations. Got to see people playing cricket, bullying each other, conspiring, making sculptures and all kind of things. It's funny to see them react.

Skill Tree- There is enough hints of upcoming AC games in the syndicate- Levelling up was fun as the skill tree implemented is good. Also, I really enjoyed clearing clearing map.
Combat is easy since just spamming Parry key is enough, it was enjoyable.

Jacob/Evie switch- Loved it. With the well implemented skill tree you get to make two characters side by side- Evie for stealth and Jacob for when you want to act first and think later. Aside from gameplay I liked how the duo was used in story as well.

Grappling/Modes of travel- I liked London more than Paris, roads are often wide hence the need of grappling hook. Grappling also makes climbing a whole lot faster which I enjoyed. There are other modes of travel as well- carriages, trains and boats. Crossing Thames by hopping across boats is just so much fun.

True Assassin's creed- It continues on with Unity's concept of various ways to do assassination- opportunities/assists. It's quite fun.


Overall-
I would recommend it for sake of exploring Victorian London. The gameplay, skill tree and clearing enemy camps makes it worthwhile.
Buy it when discounted. I never got around to playing DLCs, so may be skip them?

 

Notsoperfect
122 products in account
4
43 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.5 hrs on record
Posted: 7 September, 2017
Stealth games are my favourite and this edition of AC is by far my favourite. Playing the majority of the game as Evie, her stealthy approach was perfect for me. The story was interesting enough and the map well sized with dozens of side quests and aquiantance stories. Graphics are beautiful and being a Brit myself it was nice to find a game set in London.
 

Roe
89 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: 26 July, 2021
Things I liked
-Stunning graphics
-Beautiful rendition of victorian London to traverse - the environments are very visually detailed and they picked a great setting for this game.
-Satisfying and engaging parkour
-Badass-looking outfits and combat animations
-A pretty fun combat system that lets you pull off cool things like multi-finishers.

Things I disliked
-A boring story and protagonists with almost no personality. There characters consist of the "rule follower" sibling and the "rule breaker" sibling, and all of their conflict stems from that. The villain also has no personality other than being really evil and doing a lot of messed up things to show you how evil he is.
-If unity was AC 5, then this game is AC 5.5. Very little was done to improve upon the gameplay of the previous titles besides adding a few gimmicks like a grappling hook and character switching. Virtually every mechanic in this game besides the combat is identical to Unity.
-Arbitrary level gating that serves no purpose other than to artificially stretch out your playtime. The higher level zones aren't meaningfully different than the lower level zones. They have the same kinds of environments, the same kinds of enemies, and the same side content. The only difference is enemy level. Oh and big surprise, you can buy level boosts with real money, because everybody loves buying a game and then paying even more money to skip of the redundant parts that were put there on purpose.
-Side content is extremely repetitive and copy-pasted. There's like 5 different types of missions, which are mostly the same thing (kill a guy) but with different steps. All of the enemies use the exact same 3 character models. If it weren't for the quality and beauty of environment, playing this game would feel like a chore after a few hours of playtime.

Final Score: ★★☆☆☆
This game is not all bad, but it really feels like it doesn't need to exist. It's not a meaningful step forward for the franchise and feels more like a proof of concept than an actual game. If you're looking for a similar but more complete experience, I recommend Unity. I give it 2 out of 5 stars.
 

Gambit
102 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.9 hrs on record
Posted: 6 May, 2021
Bri'ish peepol
 

Denny
15 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
67.8 hrs on record
Posted: 25 June, 2020
Great Assassins creed experience.
The world is gorgeous and very cinematographic.
The game play is very fluid, great for people new to the franchise
 

Flapjack
58 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
185.6 hrs on record
Posted: 16 February
Ok, so it's controversial.
On one hand, industrial London, brilliantly designed, so atmospheric and enjoyable.
On the other hand, industrial London, grey or brown-ish. Slightly depressing.
On one hand, 2 playable characters, Jacob and Evie Frye. Brother and sister, with different views, behavior, fighting styles, weapons.
On the other hand, they aren't much different, except for appearence and few perks that make Jacob a little bit tankier, and Evie invisible while sheaking (balance? nah, never heard of it). Both can use any weapons and brawl in fight clubs (I sincerely doubt a woman would be allowed to fight in a boxing match back in the 19th century, but hey, screw real history, right?).
On one hand, immersive weapons: brass knuckles, walking canes, kukri (exotic, but still bih knives), pistols. I mean, someone would look awkward walking around 19th century London with claymore, broad axe, or a crossbow, right?
On the other hand, brass knuckles, walking canes, kukri and pistols are all you get. They could have added police clubs, various knives or daggers, sabres, etc. Give more variety.
On one hand, I like RPGs, so I was excited when I saw character levelling.
On the other hand, it looks so dumb when an enemy easily tanks several headshots, because he's couple of levels above you.
On one hand, fights are fast and dynamic.
On the other hand, they're fast because each attack animation loosk like if it had 3 or 5 frames. They look terrible. Especially hand to hand combat in fight clubs. Ubisoft devinately saved money on animators.
On one hand, optional tasks aren't too annoying and I completed them to get 100% sync.
On the other hand, I completed optional tasks to entertain myself and make missions more challenging and interesting.
On one hand, I liked that Evie and Jacob's outfits are immersive and they put hoods on only when sneaking. Altair and Ezio stood out too much. They had no chance to blend with the crowd in their robes.
On the other hand, there isn't much variety in customizing their outfits. Shame.
On one hand, they added grappling hook!
On the other hand, it's so hard to properly aim this thing. If you thing it works as good as in Batman games, forget it. It's not totally unusable, but aiming is terrible.
Story...well, Evie is all serious "I mean business and do things right papa's daugher", Jacob is an idiot. Jacob breaks things, Evie fixes them. The antagonist Crawford Starrick is boring "I'm evil becuase I'm evil" cliche. He killed his goon, because he interrupted Crawford playing the piano. So evil, I shake in fear.
All in all, I liked the game and completed it several times. And it's the only AC that I completed 100%, but only because it's very easy.
 

wildbeaver
52 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.4 hrs on record
Posted: 13 August, 2021
The last true assassins creed game.

Granted they simplified combat way more than I'd like but the story and characters make up for it. And the hidden blade is still a insta kill. Like it should be dang it.
 

Arch57
517 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.9 hrs on record
Posted: 27 June, 2021
batman but they kill pepol
 

sheepp
68 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 February, 2017
Freerunning seems more fluid.. But combat seems to be lacking, and feels rather whimpy when you counter people. Feels strange having to beat on someone for a good 8-10 whacks before they can be killed. Still, its AC, and the cutscenes are delicious since its "next gen"... Id recommend this one for the hardcore fans only as I still say the Black Flag series (rogue and freedom cry included) are the best.
 

Nomicoe
275 products in account
0
68 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
127.3 hrs on record
Posted: 17 March, 2018
===[]===
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Masterpiece

===[]===
☑ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it
☐ Free

===[]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☐ Medium
☑ Fast
☑ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☐ Ez
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☑ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[] ===
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[]===
☑ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☐ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

===[]===
Multiplayer: NO
Singleplayer: YES
 

violent lactose
80 products in account
4
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2016
You can play it with a PC in the minimum with everything at low and at 720p, which isn't that bad for me, AND get a stable 60 FPS (which is not common). =)
After a while it becomes repetitive but all AC games are pretty much repetitive. The atmosphere of recreating a vintage London is perfect, specially if you ever read a novel by Charles Dickens, F.H. Burnett, A.C. Doyle, etc... you'll kinda "feel at home" playing this game. =)
(Also worth mentioning that the child character can be a "Sara Crewe" on her own) =)
Totally recommended *IF* you like AC games and it's on sale. =)

[Update]:
My system:
FX 8320, 8 gb RAM, Windows 7 64 bits.
R9 270 2gb
 

Abelardo
361 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
76.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 July, 2016
I hate ubisoft! I hate uplay! I'm going to downvote this game just to be cool like everyone else!

Nah, no thanks. I enjoy this game. I realize this review will be unpopular, oh well.

You will see more of Buckingham palace in the game then standing outside the gate in real life, that's definitely something.
 

Doomerang
4,847 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.0 hrs on record
Posted: 17 January, 2017
Breathtaking world design, interesting main characters and gameplay innovations weren't enough to bring glory to this franchise that it once used to have, but it certainly is a step in the right direction.Rough around the edges, but with the great core set in, latest installment in this series brings us a story of brother and sister, two assassins fighting against the corrupt and unfair who take advantage of the less priviledged ones.

Story

Assassin's Creed has long deviated from being a game that was once very well known for intriguing story and lore to the point where the story is rather unpolished and uninspiring. Following the path of Jacob and Evie, the main focus will be on character development discarding the usual story that Assassin's Creed was recognized for.
On the other hand, while mainly focusing on character build-up, it's the first time in a while that story has a certain direction. Modern day while minimal, leaves rather interesting story left to be explored.

Gameplay

Gameplay is the reminiscence of the good old Assassin's Creed 2 gameplay, that brough novelty to the series. Combining exotic animations that Ubisoft games are well known for, new tool to travel called Grappling hook that offers troumendous help in covering the large parts of city jumping from one building to another, lots of gameplay variations and approaches to the target, Syndicate leaves nothing more to be desired. Gameplay although feels fleshed out and redefined is unfortunately crippled with atrocious AI and standard open-world syndrom that most of the Ubisoft games suffer from. Although vital improvements have been made in this part of the game, certain segments of the game are yet to be improved upon.

Graphics Optimisation and Soundtrack

Technically improved over the mess that's called Unity, but visually downgraded, Syndicate doesn't bring nothing very interesting to the table on this aspect. Optimisation is far better in this game, which is the result of far less interior areas and decreased crowd volume.
Soundtrack on the other hand is amazing and brings unique charm and vibe to the London area.

Is this game ProperValue for your money?

If you are fan of Assassin's Creed series, the answer is yes with finally some direction in mind regarding the story and fleshed out gameplay. If you are not, this game offers nothing that would sway your opinion in the complete opposite way so maybe you should rethink your purchase.


If you liked this review, please consider subscribing to our curator page here:
http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ProperV#curation
 

gamerexq
599 products in account
1
116 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
I only have 2 hours logged at the time of this review however even from this moment it is clear that AC Syndicate is a very large improvement from it's previous game in terms of gameplay, stability, and overall quality. Ubisoft knows they messed up last time and while I am actually in the minority that really enjoyed Unity, I was not blind to it's problems, mainly its optimization problems. In terms of story or gameplay that's all up to the individual if they enjoy that or not, (which I personally enjoyed quite a bit). However the most important thing a game, especially on PC, needs is stability and that is what Syndicate has that Unity lacked. I have a Nvidia Geforce 750Ti and have graphics set to medium quality and so far have stayed at 55 to 60 Fps through fighting, climbing, and just roaming around the large map filled with impressive visuals and large amounts of AI. I have not come across any gamebreaking bugs as of yet (doesn't mean they might not be out there). The gameplay actually reminds me a little of GTA: San Andreas with the gang gameplay, taking over neighborhoods and being able to recruit a posse of gang members to help you fight. I would say this game is a very good addition to the AC franchise and is worth trying out.

EDIT: I am also using an i7 processor and installed the game on an SSD. I am also set on 1600 x 900 resolution.
 

Tylermcd93
320 products in account
15
17 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: 29 January
Kill the peoples with a smashing British accent, and climb a giant clock.
9/10, could've used more tea.

Ok, but in all seriousness, the game is fun.
The open world is big, detailed and fun to run around in and [redacted to avoid spoilers] to the top of buildings. N O I C E .
The combat is well-designed, although confusing and chaotic sometimes (sometimes at good times, though.), and the 3 weapons you can use are really satisfying to bruise [insert British-sounding pronouns here] with. The amount of blood the sprays out is kind of unrealistic, but it's still kinda nice to look (I am not a dangerous person).
The graphic are pretty, I am a simp for Evie Frye, low-key. And Jacob Frye.

Anyway, the story is pretty cool the first time, but on my third playthrough, I found myself skipping every cutscene the game would let me so I could, ya know, play the game. (Also, the title sequence is unskippable.)

So, in summary, 8.8/10, could've used a tea-drinking mechanic.
 

NeverPlayedAtari
43 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 March, 2020
With a lot of spare time because of COVID-19, I've been catching up on missed AC games. I stopped playing after Black Flag, and now I've made it to Syndicate. This one definitley seems like a turning point in the series with a fairly drastic change in gameplay from previous titles. It's fast, it's fun, and it's a breath of fresh air from the normal AC formula that honestly got stale back in AC 3. The art has gotten a little more cartoony and the script a bit more comedic, so personal preference if you're in to that or not, but I'm having a blast. Would def recommend for both returning and new AC players. Just, you know, you won't have any idea what's going on with the "modern day" stuff unless you've stuck with the series. I find that storyline very interesting, but I understand it's a turn-off for a lot of people. It's still there, but only in as much as a few cutscenes sprinkled here and there, and as optional unlocks for getting collectibles.
 

Madhatter
15 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: 21 January, 2018
It's my first completed Assassin's game :D. Earlier I've been never interested in this but exactly Syndicate was able to attract me because of Victorian atmosphere. The game telling us about twins and their adventures in the world of corruption, politics and liars in Great London at XIX. Besides story missions we also have missions with famous people such as C. Darwin, C. Dickens, K. Marx, queen Victoria and that extends storyline much better. That game especially for those who appreciate the beauty of architecture: the majestic Big Ben, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and many other historical buildings was evoke delight and aesthetic pleasure. The world around is very interesting for observing: some help in catching a thief, scaring off a bully or protecting ordinary people was a kind of a rest after another mission for me. Besides of repetitive missions (like "deliver merchandise to their destination") I almost never bored and that’s why I can recommend this game at all.

London at WWI 
A Screenshot of Assassin's Creed Syndicate
By: Rina
 

Rina
532 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: 20 August, 2017
With this, I finish off the saga (for now).

Overall, and as a TL;DR, I enjoyed the game. It was fun, rather complex and ultimately delivered what I was expecting. Was it the best AC to date? Nah, but let me get into details.

Gameplay: Until we get the next AC, this is the best we've got. It feels as fluid as ever.
Combat is great for those not looking for a real challenge but at the same time wanna have fun with it. What I mean by this is that if you're coming from Dark Souls, you're not gonna like it. It's simple, rewarding and the executions are great.
Climbing was greatly improved/made easier with the new grapple hook. You may not like it if you're a diehard fan of the franchise but you'll also use it all the time. It's extremely useful and advantageous even though it takes away some of the fun that was figuring out how to climb something. A not so needed but still welcome addition.

Graphics: I must say that coming from Unity, this game was not as pretty. I don't know what they've changed but it just doesn't feel that good. However, London is still London and if you're an admirer of that city you're definitely gonna like it. It delivers, every major landmark is there and the atmosphere of industrial London was nailed by the producers. Nothing much to say about it, I loved playing this game in my favourite city.

Performance: I ran this game with an i5 7400 and a GTX 1060 6GB. Performance is AWFUL. If you have similar or lower specs than mine, be ready to either play at potatoe quality in order to attempt to reach 60fps or just do like me and give up on that smooth gameplay and just max out everything and settle for peasant-like 30 FPS. I play AC for the story and the graphics, so I had no other choice. Crashes? Yeah, maybe twice. Nothing too bad. Game breaking bugs? None, surprisingly. Coming from previous AC, this was a soothing surprise.

Story: Aah, finally, what you've been waiting for.
The story starts a bit slow, I had a hard time getting into it. As the game progresses, it gets a bit better but then reaches a plateau. An acceptable and respectable plateau, mind you, but I was left with a sort of bitter taste since I was expecting a bit more from it. I liked Unity, I think it's an underrated game... but this one, I don't know. I feel like it was rushed, at least the ending, and that they wanted to make it longer than previous AC and just included a bunch of unnecessary and tedious missions. However, the Assassination missions... oh boy I liked those. If you read my Unity's review you'd know that I liked them. Here, they are the same but maybe improved. I think there was only one tail mission in the entire game (yay) and no eavesdropping or anything like it. Almost none "you were spotted, mission failed" as well, another welcome change.
So, did I like the story? Yeah, I liked it. Would I go running into the street telling people to play this game? Definitely not. Was it a bad AC? Uhmmm I wouldn't say so... it just falls short of ground breaking content. Oh, and the present day story is almost non existant and weird, if you were wondering that.

Conclusion: If you've played previous AC and have a decent computer to run this game, go ahead and buy it. You won't be disappointed. If you're new to the saga, I'd recommend buying the Ezio saga, those were the good old days.
 

Scaviferro
174 products in account
4
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May
---{Graphics}---
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Is there something in my eye ;)

---{Story/Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ Worth on discount
☐ Not recommended
☐ Only for game collectors to burn some paper $

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☑ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
 

Shadowheartz | iksd
1,546 products in account
0
105 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
107.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Haven't played that much so far, but the performance is much better than Unity (post-patch).

I get 55+ FPS pretty consistently on my GTX 780 with high settings (no Gameworks stuff).

It controls nicely so far, looks great, is really funny so far. Jacob and Evie are great.
I will update this review once I finished the main story.

Edit: Now after 8 hours, I'm really happy with the game. Definitely recommended, especially if you are fan of the franchise already.

Edit 2: After 55 hours of playtime, I 100%ed the game.
http://steamcommunity.com/id/Treviso/screenshot/575695399481049955
I really enjoyed the main story and the side missions were quite good.
Collectibles are also much better than in Unity and most have a purpose.
Helix Glitches unlock really interesting Reconstructed Data trivia.
Music Boxes unlock a dope outfit, Flowers further the storyline.
The beer bottles are probably the least interesting collectibles.

I encountered a few minor bugs while playing and my game crashed a few times, at the end of missions. Never lost my progress though.

This is definitely one of the best AC games in a long time. Reminds me of AC2, quite a bit.
 

Treviso
1,587 products in account
11
24 people found this review helpful 6

Not Recommended
69.3 hrs on record
Posted: 22 May, 2020
When this game first came out I enjoyed it because it wasn't AC:Unity. After the garbage fire that was AC:Unity's launch, a game that didn't crash would've been GOTY by comparison. However, after playing this game again in 2020, I think that my perception may have been wrong. This game isn't all that good.

The positives. Evie Frye, a couple of good assassination missions, and the combat. All of those elements are really great. However, even within some of those positives, there are negatives. Evie Frye is a great character, but she feels like an after thought in the game's narrative sometimes. Most of the game's main assassination missions do not involve her at all. The combat feels very sloppy most of the time.

The negatives. Everything else. A lot of people complain about the grappling hook. The grappling hook isn't the problem. The grappling hook exposes the poor world design because it's necessary to have any kind of flow in a city where roads are 80ft wide. The mission design is hit and miss, with some of it feeling like it wasn't playtested. There are bugs galore. In fact, probably as many bugs as Unity has now. The Gang mechanics feel like after thoughts, and the game often encourages you not to use your gang at all. The upgrades are bland and uninteresting.

It's not the worst game I've ever played. It isn't even the worst Assassin's Creed game I've ever played, but it isn't good either. It simply isn't worth you're time. The only context in which you should get this is if you played all the entries, want more Assassin's Creed, and this game is on sale.
 

Morganagod
354 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
If you like the AC franchise, you'll probably like this entry. It plays like Unity.

I'm writing from Memory 04, which so far has given me the game's hookshot tool, but hasn't given me more than a glimpse at the piece of Eden or whatever it is they've insisted is For Great History this time around. The hookshot is actually pretty cool.

We now have skill trees, which I'd feel inclined to roll my eyes at, except it really does instill this feeling of growth, that your character(s) are going from rookies to experts. I'm not sure I care for the progression though, as it's kind of convoluted with levels. Could've just done skills, I think, and the gear you can find/craft is available by level, which is frustratingly artificial.

We do not have ships. I feel like one of the very few who liked the ships, so it bears mention and is probably a pro to most players. And hiring your gangthugs is kind of unintuitive - they aren't very smart and will spoil their share of mission objectives by killing foes or running jack-stupid through an enemy base you're trying to infiltrate. Without the gang, most the game's various areas feel pretty cool (and are surprisingly not ruined by the Hookshot, as was my other fear).

Character switching is unexpectedly disappointing. You have to go into the pause menu and arbitrarily tap some key, to see the portrait change. It then dumps you from the start menu (even if I'm just trying to buy the other character some skill or gear), or it will tell you with no explanation that you can't switch to this character right now. GTAV did this better, and seemingly without effort. And they're supposedly meant to be different by having separated end-game skills but to be honest I can barely see the difference when I'm trying to find it. In the narrative sequences I find myself liking the characters, but I still feel like this was a gimmicky response to some meaningless criticism I never bothered to look into. "We want to play both genders!" just isn't something I can imagine rational people belting out that often.

Speaking of GTAV, the horse-drawn carriages are okay. They're the thinnest replacement for cars I've ever played - I mean, you can even crash and ram things with your horses and literally you can take your coach in reverse. It's a car.

Also returning from Unity is Ubisoft's Moneywagon Spendly Goodtimes™, allowing us to fork over yet more cash in order to suffer less of a grind. None of that's necessary - you can operate just as well without forking over that cash, just with slower progression.

And while I just can't believe I'm saying this, since I abhor most online game crowds and implementations, I really do miss Unity's Co-Op. I think they should've included it but, I guess there wasn't much payoff. All those little club activities were pretty lame, but the rest of it was ridiculously fun, and satisfied my vanity of being a ninja and running around on top of buildings like it ain't no thang. Now I can only do that from the solitude of my keyboard.

All around, this game probably won't unseat other AC entries from being your favorite, but it isn't lacking of much that we've come to expect. If you're trying to hold off on buying this, you should because at this stage, our Season Cashtickets aren't worth anything and Ubi still has to smooth out some of its launch flaws. (A few of the missions so far have very clearly not been playtested, and these usually get fixed in the first couple months if I recall.)

And if you're new to Assassin's Creed, go ahead and buy an earlier, cheaper entry into the franchise to see if you like it as much as those youtube videos. Most of these games, being annual episodes of a not-quite-cohesive storyline, are pretty similar to one another by now. Unimaginative purists will shriek about their sacred assassins not being pirates, but basically if you like pirates I recommend Black Flag. If you like not-pirates, I recommend Unity. And if Unity's not cheap enough, I still have a soft spot for AC2 / Brotherhood, but just note that those are pretty dated titles.
 

Shria Abuffe
367 products in account
1
23 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.1 hrs on record
Posted: 27 June, 2016
One of the best comeback games of ubisoft.

-Awesome storyline and missions
-Realistic Gameplay
-Improved Combat
-Cane swords are awesome ;)
-Awesome Graphics and
The Locations that took place are just amazing.

Keep it up

P.s. The jack the ripper dlc nailed it :D
 

Wolf
40 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.3 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2015
I loved the game, but it is not worth $60. Witcher 3 for example is worth $60. I bought syndicate on sale for $35 so I would wait till it goes on sale and then buy it. Probably around christmas or something.
 

Cirilla
27 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.8 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2017
What I liked:
Combat
Conquering London
Having a Gang

What I didnt like:
The story was VERY focused on the gang relations that the Piece of Eden quest, I felt, was more of a side quest.
 

♚ Papi Lothbrok ♆
212 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
76 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.4 hrs on record
Posted: 11 January, 2017
you can tell this game is fiction because you can see the sun
 

Tywin Gaming
308 products in account
2
23 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.4 hrs on record
Posted: 25 July, 2016
Just finished the game at around 100% completion. Great game compared to Unity. The graphics aren't better, but they optimized it. The story is certainly not the best compared to AC II and Black Flag, but it's great...

If you are a fan of Assassin's Creed games you wont be disappointed, the gameplay is still the same (whether you think it's good or bad) and the story and characters are well-written. London is tons of fun to explore and the main characters are one of the best in the series. If I had to give it a score it would get a solid 9/10. It’s absolutely worth a buy!
 

mkinG
1,030 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: 2 March, 2021
I really wanted to like this game, but couldn't.
The art design of industrial London makes for a nice setting, however, that is where the good stuff ends.
The story is very generic and boring. The villain is supposed to be this well collected and cunning Templar leader that also has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, psycho fits when something does not goes his way. He is lame.
The generic enemies are 90% just people wearing red coats. Early game they can very quickly kill you, but will a little bit of investment into skills or gear they are trivialized.
You get the most interesting gadget very early which is the Batman style grappling hook/zip line. It is nice because it allows you to skip over one of the worst parts of the game which is the movement. I've played a lot of other Assassin's Creed games and never have I had so much difficulty trying to get my character to do something as simply as walk up or down a 1 foot tall fence. The climbing/parkour is really bad and I am not sure why.
You get guns which can be fun to just aim and head shot enemies to quickly eliminate them but there are only three types of melee weapons; kukri, cane sword, and brass knuckles. They all feel virtually the same, disappointing.
I struggled to finish this game and probably skipped most of the side quest memories and couldn't bring myself to play the Jack the Ripper DLC.
I would skip this entry in the series unless you really want to play a game in the industrial revolution of London and love collectathons.
 

Captain
756 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful 4

Not Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: 16 December, 2021
The Pros:
-The London setting looks and sounds great. Sometimes it's nice to just sit in a train and take in the scenery
-Solid parkour/stealth gameplay
-There is a nice territory progression system in place that you can work through at your own pace (the gang wars)
-Very convenient auto save system

The Cons:
-The characters are bland. Different characters show up, make a few quips, then disappear. Rinse and repeat. I don't care about any of these characters after 20 hrs of playtime, and couldn't provide a memorable quote from this game if my life depended on it
-The story is fragmented and there really isn't a sense of progression. You could mix up all the story beats and show them in a different order, and it's pretty much the same experience
-A host of new features make the gameplay way too easy. This game still has the parkour/stealth mechanics from the previous AC titles, but the addition of the things like the grappling hook sidesteps all of that and dumbs down the approach to stealth situations. The grappling hook itself feels fine, but is way too convenient of a tool for a game that still bases it's design around traditional AC mechanics
-Since the combat is so easy, there's no real risk, no reason for stealth beyond personal challenge. This breaks a few missions that are designed around using clever ways to reach the target (You can just walk in, kill a few enemies, then walk out with no consequence)
-Gameplay progression feels irrelevant. There's a whole system with skill trees, inventory upgrades, and gang upgrades, but honestly most of it is unnecessary since the gameplay never changes. It stays the same, it never evolves. You play one templar hunt, you've played them all. Easy to get open world fatigue
-The missions/sequences feel uninspired. Too many ways to cheese them, and conversely sometimes you can fail missions for obtuse reasons beyond your control. Also plenty of game-breaking bugs that require you to quit the game and come back to fix
-The previous AC games I've played are usually immersive in their historical setting, but I didn't get much of that with this one. Previous AC games would shed light on little nuggets of history and through playing you'd get to know more about historical figures, buildings, and moments etc, but you'll have to go out of your way to find that here
-The city is beautiful, but the game doesn't make an effort to make the locations unique so it's ultimately not very memorable

Overall, this game is a solid time waster if you want to shut your brain off and play something mindless without worrying about the game throwing a mental wrench at you. There isn't really much more beyond that though, and if you ask me for a recommendation for a game of this type, there are plenty of other similar games I'd recommend over this one. This is the weakest Assassin's Creed game I've played so far; I think the franchise made the right move to switch up their formula going forward.
 

Chopper
271 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.0 hrs on record
Posted: 17 March, 2018
While I truly enjoyed the setting. The story was pretty middle of the road. I feel like it suffered from what most Ubisoft games do and that's waaaaay too many map icons. In the end I fond myself playing the game to clear the map rather than being really engaged with the story. Hold out for a sale unless you are a die hard fan.
 

Ash
114 products in account
1
127 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
107.6 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2016
Syndicate is beautiful and better optimized than Unity. But other than that nothing else really works. Like controls. Any one function button does too many things. Example: hanging off the roof of a carriage. Drop down? Press E. Get in carriage? Press E. Hijack and drive? Press E. Right, then. But which one is going to happen exactly when I don't need it to happen? Or, chasing a dude with the intent of tackling him (also E). The police is chasing me. A gun is aimed at me, F pops up to evade bullet. I press F, but instead of the evasion F throws a knife in the back of the guy I was chasing and who was supposed to be caught alive. Or something as simple as climbing a telegraph pole in the WWI simulation. Not gonna happen. Thanks Ubi! All the testing hours really worked out for everyone. I mean... you.

Fight system? Yet another reinvention. 5th time? 6th time over course of nine games... But for the better this time. We have the "press E" for counter again. But it's more like a quick time event. Gold flashes above the head of bad guy prompts the counter. The higher level the player is, the more time they have to react. Not bad, I have to say. Kill streaks are back too, to make things easier when facing multiple attackers. At the beginning of the game, when the player might be lower level than most enemies it pays off to just carry a whole bunch of throwing knives and make a pin-cushion out of the really tough enemies. By the way, how come after an enemy was killed by a throwing knife I can't get the knife back when I loot their bodies? Doesn't make sense. Well, what does in an AC game, which feels like a never ending sequence of repetitive gameplay? After nine games we still can't have other activities beside tackling people (who by the way run as fast as a skilled assassin) and opening hundreds of chests?

The skill tree is a necessity if you are developing for Ubisoft (from Far Cry to AC, Splinter Cell or Watch Dogs). But in Syndicate it is a little out of place. Our two characters are already accomplished assassins, yet they have to "learn", how to double assassinate? Or air assassinate? Or throw a knife? Maybe. But to whistle? Really? It's almost as idiotic as the tattoo in Far Cry 3 to be able to choke and drag someone (haha, in Syndicate we also have to spend points on this very same skill!).

During the aformentioned World War I simulation, the back story is to eliminate the "sinister cult of spies". Spies who wear huge templar crosses on their shoulders. It must enhance their spying ability... you know, like showing your face and introducing yourself to every bad guy in the universe (Bond, James Bond). Someone must have been very high on something during the storyboarding phase, there is no other explanation for a script like this.

Other funny occasion: during a crowd event I save a guy's behind by assassinating two baddies. And what is his reaction? "Murderer!!!" Right.

The map is not that useful when it comes to inding collectibles. I could be standing right on top of music box (which contains a Secret of London), bombarding the environment with my X-rays and still nada. The item in question not popping up on the map. Never mind! As long as I have helix currency I can buy those missing locations online. And if not, I could still spend some more euros/dollars (on top of all the euros/dollars I spent to buy all the DLC-s, which together cost more than the original game!) to buy more helix from Ubi!

Social glitch? I'm sorry, what? Is that what you kids call a facebook user these days?

The wall eject is kind of like an erection over the age of 60. When you really need it, you just stand there hanging, and when it finally happens, it just leaves you in your own mess (falling to your death in AC, or tumbling onto a group of angry mobsters).

Syndicate is very boring. Exactly the same as Unity. Even the buildings are the same. The characters are utterly ridiculous. Evie and Jacob the "twins" who have nothing in common except for their height. Must have been two eggs and two fathers... Jacob is dumb and cocky, Evie is an arrogant smartie pants and they are equally annoying in their narrow minded way. Actually, you know what? The only characters who embodied good, righteousness and actually made sense in the AC series are Altair and Connor and perhaps Shay. They behaved like a true assassin should. Disciplined, focused, no charming and condescending bull****. And even though in all of the episodes Templars are made to be the bad guys, Rogue showed that the Assassins are equally bad. Then what's the point?

The story is nothing new either (as I wrote before, Jacob and Evie are already assassins, but we don't learn about their past, how they became assassins or who was their master). Templars are plotting to rule/better the world by mostly unethical methods (you know the end justifies the means), but here come the Assassins who kill them all while meeting some of the famous personalities of the period (who wear tremendous fake mutton chops and hulihees, not kidding, the worst facial hair in any game, ever). And of course the nutty professor type is present who invents stuff for them. Like the rope launcher/grappling hook. A ROPE LAUNCHER! Like Batman's. Except this one can't find a target a few yards away, but by turning a few degrees either side it suddenly finds one a hundred yard away! How stupid is that?

Not only the setting, the environment is similar to Unity, but the dynamic between the male and female lead character is the same too. Except for the love theme, the same bickering, same competitiveness and the different approach to missions is there in Syndicate. The lead females are in fact just males with a feminine look. I liked the strong females who didn't have to talk like boys and fight all the time, killing everyone to be charismatic or appealing. But it seems movie and game writers can only imagine a female lead in a single way.

There is no more online gameplay of any kind. In Unity it took me 200 hours to reach the Legend level, in Syndicate they tried to fill the gap with all the pointless collectibles and terrible minigames, like the carriage races (with rubberbanding, undefeatable opponents), escorts and highjacking, so as a completionist I will still spend about the same amount of time eventually. Boring and badly written stuff that completely lacks any entertainment value.

And the famous warning: assassins don't kill civilians. Right. How about not programming a dense population of aimlessly wandering pedestrians on the streets, so when I drive my carriage I don't have to run them over all the time?! Or that Templar Hunt mission where the target had to be killed by explosives. C'mon, Ubisoft! In the middle of a crowded park? Are you insane? And to make things worse, certain perks, which require skills are now have to be done not 1-2-3-5 times in order to get the achievement, but 25-50-75 times! Great. In a game, where succes (even 100 synchronization) largely depends on pure luck and the AI not bugging out.

I can only recommend this game to hardcore fans, who have steel nerves and like to do stuff to themselves with a cheese grater. You know... in a slightly amusing, but mostly painful way. As the great Ford Fairlane said it back in the day. Playing Syndicate feels exactly like that.

75%

Pro:
- graphics
- fight system

Con:
- everything else
 

victorvacendak
134 products in account
8
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
70.1 hrs on record
Posted: 11 March, 2019
I recently went on an Assassin's Creed spree, completing Black Flag, Rogue, Unity and now I'm playing Syndicate. I'd played 1 - 3 as they released, including all of the off-shoots, Origins and Odyssey. I enjoyed Origins a lot, as it felt like a fresh start on the series and Odyssey continued that, but this is my favorite.

The combat is quick, rock, paper, scissors style (attack, break defense, dodge/dodge bullet) and the grappling hook eliminates a huge problem I had with the other games in the series; mobility was always a pain in the ass with fast travel being your only option. The characters themselves are slightly annoying, mostly funny and competently portray a competitive twin sibling relationship. The quirk that Bell adds endears him to the story and acts as a nice foil to the more serious supporting characters and setting.

England is sick, gray, and industrial and it's your responsibility to eliminate the toughs that have taken it over and inflicted the blight. Replacing them with your own seems a bit counter-intuitive, but it fits with Jacob's character. He's not quite as disciplined as his assassin sister, Evie. Whether you take missions head on by smashing skulls or skulk around picking the perfect opportunity, the game feels fluid.

My only gripe has been that completing the first couple of story missions has exited the game pretty much at every cutscene. Now that I'm in the open world I haven't experienced it.
 

justdrop
390 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
62.2 hrs on record
Posted: 12 March, 2020
Well, here is a 5 Years old Assassin's Creed game which I thought upon release killed the franchise because all the fuss about Unity. Boy oh Boy, was I so Wrong about this game as I finished the Epilogue and I was Hooked.

The Game itself is a complete Masterpiece, the Character switching, the grapple gun, the humor, the beautiful view of London, the Character Development and the list goes on. The only downsize about this game is that it was released at the bad time when Unity had a really bad Image.

Many of the Assassin's Creed Fans left the series because they thought the series finished and that there is nothing left about Assassin's Creed in it as there is no Desmond Miles no Animus or anything but they were all wrong.

This game brought back the Series to life and after this, Damn, the Origins Dropped the mic.

I know its a pretty late review about this game, but still If you are a fan and recently hooked into the series I would greatly Recommend you to try this game as well!

10 out of 10 from me.
 

Izhaaq996
363 products in account
3
29 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 October, 2016
This is by far my second favourite Assassin's Creed, after Assassin's Creed II. Ubisoft came back to reality and to the roots of their most famous last generation videogame saga with this title, REMOVING MULTIPLAYER / CO-OP, giving us a thrilling plot set in the Victorian London near the end of 1800, two charismatic characters that are twins and both of them gave me the same feeling I felt when I was playing as Ezio Auditore the first time.

I recommend this game to every fan who still believes there's hope for the Assassin's Creed saga, cause the first stepping stone for Ubisoft for their redemption is this game, Assassin's Creed Syndicate.
 

Zero
787 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.3 hrs on record
Posted: 1 November, 2020
Where is the Animus by Abstergo? By Sequence 4, the Animus is 5% of this game whole game. No lore outside of the game, I'm kinda disappointed. The Animus is just cut-scenes, you can't wander around. Was I the only one that liked the whole in-real life thing they did where you can wander around the Abstergo company like in Assassin’s Creed 2 and Black Flag?

Characters aren't that interesting, and their motivation for doing stuff seems forced, which results in a weak story. Jacob fun bouncer is the best character since Ezio. Evie is very beautiful, and sweet.
Combat is boring and feels weird.
The grappling hook is a fun addition at first, but is so effective that doing parkour around the city is comparatively ineffective, so you just end up grappling again and again to get around.

7/10
 

Howlux
977 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: 22 October, 2021
Evie Frye is hot
 

butterysomthin
185 products in account
0
101 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.8 hrs on record
Posted: 7 December, 2015
This game proves that AC games still have hope. Next game like this with co-op open world fun, please?
 

kaakao
275 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Recommended
47.8 hrs on record
Posted: 10 June, 2020
Its a good game, the characters are well done and not boring. The gameplay loop can become a bit repetitive and boring. If you love Industrial London and the Assassin's Creed franchise you will probably have fun playing this game.
 

LucasXru
429 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
84.6 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
An in depth review of Assassin's Creed Syndicate
This review is coming from a dedicated fan of the series who was somewhat disappointed with Unity but loved this game through and through.

I'm still 4 hours in but loving the game. Very enjoyable if you ask me.

Edit:- I've finished the main story and added more info in story and characters, gameplay and present day section.

Review:
Performance:-

Ah, everyone's interested in this after Unity fiasco. I can assure you while this is not a super glorious port like Gta V, Mad max or MgsV, this game runs much better and smoother than Unity. My current setup i5 3450, Gtx 660 and 8gb ram. I'm getting 35-45fps in open world with textures set to high, all settings to low, fxaa and vsync is off at 1080p. At same settings I got 20-30fps in Unity and also lots of stuttering, freezes and framedrops which is not very common in Syndicate.

For all those folks getting bad performance, a word of advice : turn down gameworks. Pcss ultra is a performance killer which takes like 20-25fps alone compared to high/medium shadows. Hbao+ is kinda ok, but txaa tanks performance as well. Do this and you won't have any problems of having 40fps etc. on 980ti or similar killer rigs.

Story and Characters :-

My favorite aspect in games in general and my most likable part in this game. The story is quite good but the thing that I love most is the light hearted tone. The interaction of Jacob and Evie are enjoyable to watch as they behave like real brothes and sister. There are a lot of jokes in the game, for example when the last assassin of London(won't spoil his name) says about a templer, "He is known to vanish before your very eyes", Jacob says, "Shall we make him vanish for real?" I'm still at sequence 3, so I can't give you impressions about other intricate things but will update the review later. There are lot of interesting historical characters you'll meet. I think you know the names of already from the historical characters trailer of this game.

Edit:- The story is much, much better than Unity. Although at times, it might feel like something is left to be desired. The ending was quite nice too. I'd love more games on the twins and Henry.

Gameplay and Combat :-

This is what people always complain about being the same. I can't deny that it does not change much but if that happened it won't remain assassin's creed anymore. In this game the gameplay defining changes include the rope launcher. It's not like just cause's grappling hook. It works like batman's grapple in arkham games except that this one can be used as zipline for building to building traversal as well. It does not take away from parkour but it actually complements in nicely. Great addition, if you ask me.

Combat system is one of the things that like. It's fast and brutal and feels fun unlike clunky and slow combat of Unity. However to some people, it might feel like button mashing or being too fast. You can't change weapons mid combat. Weapons work like outfits as you have to assign one in inventory. No hidden blade combat is there.

Now to stealth. Cover system is better than Unity. It's a soft cover system as opposed to Unity's hard cover. The crouching mode and change to hood is considered annoying by some, but I don't mind it. Hoods made sense in AC1 because it was needed to blend in with scholars who also wore hoods. Since then, for once, we are using proper clothing to blend in which actually makes sense.

Crowd events are present just like Unity. Crowds are thinner. Even though it was done to help the performance, it makes sense historically as there was no revolution in London. So there was no need for people to flock the streets.

Carriages are a good addition too. Mobile hiding spot, fast way to reach places, a great tool to fight enemies as well. It does not handle perfectly but you will get used to it.

Edit:- Two switchable characters with 3 unique skills for each really freshens up gameplay. Adds some replayability as well.

The assassinations are much enjoyable this time. Each one providing stealth opportunity, assistance opportunity to better infiltrate the targets as well as providing an unique kill option, fulfilling all of its conditions will reward you with a cutscene of the assassination.

Present day:-

The modern day story, hated by some people but to me, it's one of the most important aspects of the series that differentiates it from other open world games and holds the games together. I have both good and bad news for the present day fans. Bad news is, it's still cutscenes only. Good news is, it moves the story foward unlike Unity. There are cutscenes after a number of sequences and they are all action packed unlike Unity where you just listen to Bishop talking. Overall it's enjoyable.

Edit:- The ending was badass. There is a epic fight scene. The ending left me hyped for ac 2016, almost a cliffhanger, if you ask me.

Bugs and glitches:-

In my 4 hours in the game, I encountered one glitch. In a cutscene, I got the invisible character glitch, I could hear them talking, feel them moving but except Jacob, the character model of other 2 characters wasn't showing up. And in an another cutscene, I got a framedrop to 10 fps. These are the only issues I faced so far.

Conclusion

If you are a dedicated fan, definitely buy it. Even with a sub par performance, I'm loving this game. If you are not, then buy it if you have a good mid range righ at least, something like 960 or so. 4gb vram is recommended but not mandatory. The game is really good and enjoyable. It's the fresh wind ac needs to bring back it's glory after the fiasco of Unity.
 

Shouvanik
627 products in account
5
54 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.1 hrs on record
Posted: 4 June, 2016
I don't understand why this has better ratings than ACU, except that the mechanics are a tad bit better and it was less glitchy on launch. Both games are dull, boring and uninspired. I keep trying to like them. I keep trying to finish them. And in the end, I just can't because the substance that makes a game fun just isn't there.

Then again, I loved all the games through Black Flag, including ACIII, so maybe I just have different tastes. I'm also not a city person, so being stuck in the same city, where every rooftop looks pretty much like every other rooftop, is just plain boring to me. In ACI through Black Flag, I always felt like I was discovering new places and meeting new people until the end of the game. A few hours into this game, and it feels like I've seen all there is to see, even when I go to new areas. The missions are repetitive, the side quests lackluster, and the characters wooden. Altair had his arrogance, Ezio had his charm, Connor had his anger, and Edward had his ambiguous morals, and all these characters had their traits and their transformations linked to their stories. Evie (is that even her name? I can't even remember) and Jacob (which I only remember because it's written in the game description) are so generic they're interchangeable and forgettable. There's no backstory, no compelling reason for them to fight the fight they're fighting, and it makes for a dull tale. I'm actually more than a few hours into the game, and I'm probably just going to give up on it because I don't care. I'm not interested. It's almost a chore - I should finish this game just in case there's something interesting that springs up - rather than a compulsion.

So in short, is this a bad game? No. Is it an interesting game? Also, unfortunately, no. And that's why I just can't recommend it.
 

KaliShu
429 products in account
4
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: 10 April, 2017
Classic Assassin's Creed gameplay, fairly unmemorable characters, a weak story, and numerous glitches... yet I still enjoyed playing it quite a bit. The setting and freedom of movement are part of what makes this one of the better Assassin's Creed games. 7/10
 

Domer
688 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: 4 December, 2021
AC Syndicate marked the end of an era for the AC franchise and was the precursor to the grindy AC that we have today. Like AC revelations, Syndicate was definitely one of the weaker installments in the franchise, but certainly not the worse.

AC Syndicate features the best and the worst of Ubisoft games, but it was not a terrible game to play overall.
 

SirMorgan
291 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.1 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2016
I just finished both the main story and Jack The Ripper DLC so here's a review for both of them. Note that I can't say everything that I need to write in the review since the word count is very limited so don't solely rely on my review.

Main Story
It's the first Assassin's Creed series that is set on the Industrial Revolution Era. It's always lovely to explore new important historical times in Assassin's Creed with their great attention to details. I am not a history nerd myself so I can't judge how detail are they on the depiction of 19th century London but it is already quite impressive and satisfying like most Assassin's Creed series before.

1. Bugs?
This is a very common thing to think before purchasing a newly released game. AC: Syndicate was no longer a new game and the hype was already dying when I finished the game, but bugs can still be found. All of the bugs won't jeopardize your missions but it will prevent you from finishing certain missions if it happens on the wrong place and the wrong time (e.g your character hold on to nothing in the middle of the street and unable to move)
2. The Story
Beautifully written but has little explanation as usual. Almost all Assassin's Creed series post Assassin's Creed Revelation has a lot of plot holes that are left unexplained because of massive difference in era between characters. You need to find out certain things by yourself if you haven't played the series before. The story is not new-user friendly and it is confusing (e.g you won't know who's Otso Berg without playing AC: Rogue). The point is, you're controlling twin Assassins called Jacob Frye and Evie Frye, coming to London to cleanse the city from Templar's imperious control and like usual, to find a piece of Eden.
3. New features
The very first noticable change is the weapons. You will no longer use swords/axes/spears/flintlock rifles anymore but you will be given kukris/cane swords/brass knuckles as a melee weapon of choice instead. The firearm is obviously replaced with many different types of revolvers since it was booming in this era. So now you'll be able to shoot 2/6/8 in a row rather than having to reload for a long time after every shot, with your enemies capable of the same thing. You'll have to dodge bullets much more often compared to the flintlock era. Melee combat system is improved with its easy combo patterns and multi kills animations which looks really cool. The second most noticable difference is the way you travel around the map. Previous Assassin's Creed series are dominated by parkours to travel around the map quickly, but now it's changed by a rope that can be shot from your gauntlet and carriages. You can climb buildings in no time and can zipline to any climbable objects, while roads are dominated by carriages. The game also have new gang war feature, two playable main characters, friends loyalty level, perks, unlimited eagle vision, massive skill tree, character level, and many other things.
4. Is it worth it?
Terribly overpriced, but yes. It's better to wait for a discount, though. The gameplay is worth more hours than Unity with its territorial gang war system and you can still play some short missions  even after you finished the main story. The performance does not need to be questioned. It runs well on 50-75 fps on my laptop on max settings. I did not experience any fps lock.

Jack the Ripper DLC
Very short main story but a lot of side missions. Unlike the main story where the side missions are limited to Child Liberation, Templar Hunt, Gang Stronghold, and Bounty hunts, the DLC has a lot more interesting choices. But still, there are much more negative sides for this DLC. FIrst of all, the weapon is only limited to low level brass knuckles. I started the DLC after I finished my main story with level 10 equipments, and I got a level 7 equipment on the DLC, with level 11 enemies. You will do very little damage to enemies since they are focusing on the new 'Fear' feature where you can spook your enemies so that they will flee battle. The massive downside is the bug. There are bugs everywhere both in main and side missions that WILL prevent you from finishing it. For example, your character will keep crouch-walking without you being able to control it, important AIs freezes in the middle of the mission, or the most annoying one, you will tend to accidentaly kill the NPC that you're supposed to kidnap, not kill, where it will trigger the freezing AI bug and you can't interact with it anymore.

This review is far from detail but I did explain the main points it as best as I could. I already lost 4 reviews due to word limitation bug so I won't risk writing something too long anymore. Thank you for reading!
 

LordBuckethead
704 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
373.2 hrs on record
Posted: 23 June, 2020
Assassin's Creed is the most playable series on the planet.I love this London when it is industial revolution.
 

Grubby Shinoda
1,436 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: 15 October, 2020
London, 1868. In the heart of the Industrial Revolution, what can u say anymore I love this era London an atmosphere. Best Ac game.
 

RealNiceShit
396 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
129.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 December, 2020
Another Assassin's Creed game with a great story and dialogues, but sometimes it doesn't respond to the commands... That's really annoying and makes this game unbearable to play. Anyhow, after a few beers the commands start to be real fun.
 

Lara
44 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
If you're using NVidia be sure to turn off MFAA in the NVidia Control Panel if you use it AND be on Driver Version 359.00! Without doing those two things you may run into issues that myself and others have ran into which range from buildings not appearing, graphical glitches everywhere, some textures looking like it's straight up Missingno from Pokemon. However with the drivers + no MFAA the game runs flawlessly!

I guess since this is a review I should also add in my general early thoughts (2 hours in). The game itself feels like a step forward in terms of art design and the way it handles side quests. Opening up a map doesn't seem overwhelming anymore. You just have 5 or 6 clear objectives in every section of the map. It's not 1000+ little collectibles marked all over. The pacing is on point. The story is also quite good so far, I especially love the skill tree added in. Gameplay wise it seems to be a step back. Unity went for a more open ended mission structure (Syndicate could still go this way considering how early into the game I'm in) where you were given a target and a general location and all you had to do was figure out a way to kill the target. This one seems to lead you down a direct path to your targets leaving little creativity to how you dispose of targets (So AC1-4 style). It also feels like the combat is a step back. It's a counter fest again. So if you're down with the old gameplay style for another entry then it's fine. However, if you really enjoyed Unity's approach to mission structure and combat then you may feel a bit disappointed.
 

Very Good, Very Evil
2,533 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 February, 2019
As I've described it to people who have asked me about this game: it's like a greatest hits album. A lot of the good, old stuff and a couple of new singles. It plays similar to what we've come to expect from previous Ac games, with added tools and gadgets. Specially the grapple hook is a welcome addition. I'll keep it short: if you like previous Assassin's Creed games, definitely give it a go. Jack the Ripper DLC is also fantastic as well as the DLC costumes and missions. I didn't encounter a single bug or a single glitch during almost 50 hours of gameplay. Beautiful graphics and responsive controls through and through.
 

Nanafrak
1,089 products in account
0
105 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 February, 2016
Product refunded

Be very careful then buying this game:
The "language support" displayed on steam store page is straight incorrect!
You can only get your language if you live in corresponding region - and there's no way you can know that you'll get until you buy the game, and no way to change the regional limitation.
I had to ask for refund for my copy, after both Ubisoft and Steam support refused to help me to change the locale language to my spoken language - and it took me 3 weeks of negotiating with support, with no result - both Ubisoft and Steam support showed no interest in helping me at all, they just waved me off.
And they didn't even fixed the incorrect information on store page, while I explicitly pointed it to them.

Ubisoft support, and Steam support - shame on you both, you're a huge disappointment.
 

Ulitikus
196 products in account
17
21 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
Even Ubisoft can make a better PC port than WB Games.

EDIT: The game is fun for the first 5 hours but then it starts to be boring, and the plot doesn't seem to go anywhere. You want to buy this game, wait for a price drop, especially if you already played some of the previous Assassin's Creed games.
 

Smash45
282 products in account
3
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: 5 July, 2021
Being in the industrial age of London was one of the best environments to play an Assassin's Creed game in. Being able to incorporate some relatively modern technology, manage a gang to take back London, and the two protagonist approach to the main story made Assassin's Creed Syndicate one of the better games in the franchise for me.

There are definitely some issues with stealth mechanics (like every AC game) and some question marks around the decision making for the ending but outside of those two (somewhat bigger) issues Syndicate manages to be one of my favorites in the series.
 

Pcable131
516 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2021
Game full of fun and decent story. Probably isnt the best game of AC series but definitely worth playing. You can finish the game and side missions under 40 hours and complete the game on 100% in 50 hours. If you wanna play main story as fast as possible (cuz you dont have time for example) it will take you under 20 hours.
 

Mr. Gold | RL⇄TF2/CS🔑
163 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
246.4 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2016
I am a big fan of the Assassin's Creed series. I have enjoyed this game so far but I can't really get into it like I did the previous episodes. I've restarted at least three times but can't quite get hooked. That said, the controls are fantastic and the combat is amazing. I recommend this for fans of Ass Creed, and players that just like shanking people.
 

BattleSausage
637 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
104.8 hrs on record
Posted: 19 April, 2020
AC sleeper, really good game
 

yesdrama
906 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 December, 2017
The best AC game since Black Flag. I don't think any AC game will live up to Ezio's trilogy, but it does try to be an enjoyable experience. It is fun, and that's what matters.
 

Veodok
271 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
161.7 hrs on record
Posted: 15 May, 2016
Batman+Sherlock Holmes+GTA+Peaky Blinders= Assassin's Creed: Syndicate
Huzzah!/10
 

EezyRay
169 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2018
Threw a dead body at a kid. Everyone else freaked out. The kid casually looked at it and said "So that's what a dead body looks like."

10/10 would never fk with Urchins again.
 

Bacteria
117 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.4 hrs on record
Posted: 19 September, 2021
Honestly, it's one of the most underrated AC games. I loved it when it came out and I still do.
 

Hobrick
578 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
76.9 hrs on record
Posted: 31 May, 2018
I've been on a streak of playing through all the ACs lately, and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed AC:Syndicate, as did my friends. The controls felt far smoother than its predecessor (Unity) and the characters were well developed - both player characters and NPCs. So even though it was a bit long in some parts, I found it quite interesting. I quite liked the Investigation missions in this one as well.

The Jack the Ripper DLC was well done and I felt it was worth the purchase.

I'm glad I played it. Now I just have to play Origins :)
 

Zatheera
507 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
154.3 hrs on record
Posted: 15 September, 2017
This may be the best Assassin's Creed yet, but certainly in the top two. A wide variety of things to do, though not too many like many of the previous ones and engaging characters.

I would definitely recommend getting the Dreadful Crimes and Jack the Ripper DLCs, as they both enhance the story and play length.

A game I was sad to have beaten.
 

Caraamon
983 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
78.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2017
This game is incredible, historicaly accurate and atmospheric, not to mention you get to meet some amazing characters like Charles Dickens, Karl Marx, Alexander Graham Bell etc...

Absolutely more than recommended!

10.0/10
 

Sym
218 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 May, 2017
An outstanding game. One of the best AC games, alongside AC 2 and Black Flag.

Conquering the boroughs was a bit repetitive, but switching between Jacob and Evie gives a range of options to eliminate your targets. This variety spices up the conquest activities, something that wasn't there in earlier AC games.

The main quest is extremely interesting, and more than that is the interaction of the Assassins with historical figures, like Alexander Graham Bell, Karl Marx, Charles Darwin and Charles Dickens. It gives a live insight into the character and charisma of these people.

The Darwin and Dickens DLC seemed unnecessary, and was a piece of forced comedy, irrelevant to the Assassins, Templars, Charles Darwin or Charles Dickens.

The Last Maharaja DLC is quite action packed, but 10 long missions are topped with a very faint and unemotional finale.

Jack the Ripper -- now there's a piece of work. This one is more of an Expansion Pack than just a DLC. The atmosphere of Jack the Ripper is so much more tense than the Main game, it gives a real sense of what Londoners must've been going through in August 1888. The uncertainty, mysteriousness and fear in the game is not as in horror games, but just enough for the standard AC player to feel a slight chill up his spine. The main campaign being as good as it is, this Expansion still beats it hands down.

Piece of advice -- If you can, play the World War 1 missions in the main game after finishing Jack the Ripper. Some lore in WW1 missions is a spoiler for the DLC campaign.
 

Captain_Unibrow
85 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: 8 October, 2016
Although it has it's bugs like any Assassin's Creed game, Syndicate is a well written tale of liberation with a perfect ending.
With sub-Unity graphics (still good, and less lag), the game still looks stunning on high PC settings and is fairly well optimized. Each of the 10 main villians (8 + Thorne and Starrick) were very well written for the compartively brief time they played their roles. Likewise, the main protagonists, the Frye twins, share a dynamic that truely encapsulates their sibling rivalry and different approaches to missions. (This is the part where I review the present day animus part of the story but honestly who really cares, still cool though). The grappling hook mechanic with the twins' rope launchers also makes stealth and traveling much more convienient. Meanwhile, traversing the metropolis of Victorian London on foot, while sometimes clunky, can mostly remain fluid and works well with the combat (most of the time). It's truely a shame that Unity's utter failure had a negative impact on this game's sales but it's a masterpiece in my eyes
 

starboy
165 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: 20 December, 2018
I have been on a journey playing through all of the Assassin's Creed games in order. This one has been completed, faster than any previous ones in terms of how many weeks it took. I tended to take breaks, but I was completely hooked with this one and completed it pretty much the same week I started it. I have a 77% total sync, and even though I have started up Origins already, I do plan on playing this one more at a later date to finish. The main story was completed.

Performance was great. I was running near max at 4K resolution averaging 50fps which for me is perfectly playable. I run an i7 4790k, GTX 1080 and 16GB DDR3 RAM. The game is very beautiful to look at, although not sure if it really beats out Unity. So this takes home the 2nd place prize out of the AC games (prior to this one).

Gameplay was very much improved, having a grappling hook type gun to help get around (actual name of the gun fades me at the moment). It helps to traverse up large buildings within seconds, and can also cast a line between buildings at fairly long distances to travel across. It helped even more to get away from enemies. And in regards to enemies...

This game felt much easier to evade enemies than previous in the series. With that hook gun I tended to get away from them fairly quickly without even having to use a smoke bomb. I suppose this is a positive though, as an Assassin you should be able to vanish fairly quickly. And the hook gun is pretty much an alternative to the smoke bomb.

Unlike previous entries, you won't be able to purchase any properties or buildings or anything. Instead, you are building up your gang through a set of skill trees. It does contain purchasing stores for increased income, but it is very simplified as its just a passive skill you buy and nothing visual within the city itself.

But where it simplified property buying, it went more in depth with the RPG mechanics. You have a max of 10 levels for your characters. You do play 2 different characters, male and female, and they each have their own skill tree. They are the exact same aside from a couple skills at the end of the tree. If you gain a skill point playing the male, you also gain one with the female that she can spend. Max level is 10, and you gain levels by spending points you earn from xp. Little backwards from usual with RPGs, but it works well. By time you reach level 10 you will have every single skill purchased in each skill line. Equipment also has stats and level requirements, and some you have to craft, but all around fairly simple with not a crazy amount of options. But it was good.

The amount of activities in this one seemed to be more so than others. From cargo escorts, fight clubs, cargo hijacks, templar hunts, bounty hunting with kidnapping, freeing child labor from factories, carriage races, and many famous people to do side quests for, it was really loaded with content outside of just collecting items. And it was all enjoyable. I had a lot of fun with all of it, and still have side quests to complete.

All in all, I give this one a 9.5 out of 10. The only reason I give it a .5 less is you must spend real money to be able to see a couple of the collections on the map. Yes, you could run around and find them or use Google, but Google is not a part of the game so it is not taken into consideration. Just the fact the microtransactions like that are in a single player game is a small turn off for me. But this is still one of my favorites in the series along with Unity and Black Flag.
 

Okerlund
2,105 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.7 hrs on record
Posted: 17 June
Jacob and Evie are great characters and London is a beautiful city. If you want a great Action-Adventure with great gameplay and a good story, Syndicate is what you are looking for.

8/10
 

★彡TheSelim彡★
299 products in account
0
90 people found this review helpful
110 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 August, 2017
Been in London for 10 minutes, already on my way to murder a child 8/10
 

Petter
631 products in account
2
197 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Great Performance on a GTX 980 and an i7 4790K with 8GB of Ram! Well I mean if you wanna max out Nvidia style, well good luck maybe you'll acheive 60fps in 2016. The game will drop to 40fps in the first mission with GW on. So do yourself a favor. Use only HBAO+ because HBAO+Ultra takes 10fps, yeah you heard right. And Turn off PCSS/PCSS ULTRA. With PCSS you loose 20fps and with PCSS Ultra 35fps. So basicly I'm running the game with PCSS off, HBAO+ , 2xTXAA and everything else on max. Averaging 70-80fps with ease.

I'd say it's a great optimized game so far. The only bad thing once again is Nvidia and nothing else. So just turn those 'features' off and enjoy a great game!
 

Sakis Sap
44 products in account
16
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: 26 August, 2018
Balls_of Steel - Curator Page

Another chapter of Assassin's Creed. This time it was optimized way better than AC:Unity.

Pros:
-Optimization
-New arsenal, new combo
-2 playable characters
-RPG elements
-London in 19th sentury with lots of well-known(famous) persons

Cons:
-Too boring
-Side quests are the same and now mandatory to complete
-Graphics, same engine
-Same keyboard and mouse problems as Unity had
-Flying horses lol

This game is definitely better than Unity, but still si nothing comparing to AC Black Flag.
 

krishtian #StandWithUkraine
6,167 products in account
2
20 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
57.5 hrs on record
Posted: 16 June, 2016
This game is certainly a return to form for the series in my eyes. It has become my second favourite behind ACII for many of the reasons I enjoy that legend of a game. It took me a while to get going with it because within the first couple of hours the game crashed and this is apparently a recurring problem with playing the game on PC. However, I ended up enjoying the game so much that the infrequent crashes (which would only happen after certain loading times) no longer became an issue for me. I greatly enjoyed all the characters in this game and loved the humour throughout. Jacob and Evie are fantastic main characters and I hope to see more of them in the future. Likewise, the villains in this game felt like they had a lot of character and individuality. The combat feels fast and fluid, same with the free-running. The city of London looks stunning and is a lot of fun to traverse. However, although I was satisfied with the story and "ending" it certainly won't satisfy everyone. It doesn't grip you as much as ACII but it still delivers. This game feels much more light-hearted than other Assassin's Creed games and I thought this was a welcome change. The side quests were a lot of fun and included interesting historical figures such as Charles Dickens and Charles Darwin. Overall, a very enjoyable experience and a game I will continuously return to. I didn't think the Assassin's Creed series could pull itself together again but this game is definitely a comeback.
 

CetaceanNation
164 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.8 hrs on record
Posted: 20 May, 2021
tl;dr 6.333.../10 OVERALL
8.5/10 → AS a TITLE in the A.C. SERIES
(IF you like the series, you're gonna like grinding this one as well.)


the BAD first :
If your level doesn't match minimum requirements, you're in for one hell of a losing battle even with decent reflexes, which shows either laziness or lack of funds (by corporate over-charge)... and THAT is DEFINITELY not cool in my book. (more explained at *** by the end)
No more jumping at will (except with a combo of keys), so forget jumping -quickly- to save your life or diving in water to avoid being seen... nope. I guess people feared getting wet in London in the 1800's... morphine, nicotine and alcohol were apparently not enough to cure the common cold, eh ?
No more picking up weapons from dead bodies.... I loved doing that in "Black Flag" :'(
Boring as ♥♥♥♥ : do 4 or 5 kinds of missions, fight a gang, repeat...
Bland environment despite good textures and obvious work on era fidelity
Gang wars are annoying... where you cannot aim at your enemy for a nice shot, but THEY can. And, why in THE HELL are your allies watching you fight multiple enemies on your own ???
You can't harm neutral civilians anymore... even "by accident". Boooooo!!! Do I really have to go back to GTA5 ??? Please don't make me :'(

the DISCONCERTING stuff :
"Stealth" is quite different... you don't have to hide bodies anymore. In fact, they will be more like a distraction to the enemy. As if every one of them either became poets or detectives... (comments on regrets or trying to do an autopsy)
I know Ezio was a badass of a character, but with twins... so much MORE could have been done
When revolvers had already been invented by then (era in which Syndicate plays), shouldn't the main character be able to AT LEAST wield a musket ?? ;)
Also, someone PLEASE explain to me why you cannot kill a simple guy in f2f combat with a one-strike using a blade... I don't understand that (and never will in most video games).
What good is a "GPS" when it can't tell that you need to drive ON THE LEFT SIDE OF THE ROAD in England ???
Also, I've had my share of supernatural stuff happening on the streets : dancing carriages, rocket-shot horses, Super-people (shooting straight to outer space)... lol

the GOOD then :
No more sticky hands, finally !!! (not talking about 詠春 here, but magnetic walls↔gloves)
You can dodge bullets again... yeah !! ^^
There is a good blend of former game mechanics with new ones, like "driving" horse carriages...
... which brings us to this new way of going around "fast". They are a really nice addition to the game. Travelling can be more fun depending on if you like to drive... like me ;)
It is graphically decent, with good textures and not too demanding in resources
The twin characters are somewhat likable, though Jacob can be annoying
Controller/KB&M support is flawless... but you probably should go with a controller on that one ;)

On the EPIC meaning of this episode :
The story kinda bothers me... it's basically a thug VS thug all out war... At least in Black Flag, you could tell that there was a real power struggle, and that the "hero" of OUR story was having a hard time dealing with his emotions.
However, here, nonchalantly throwing "big" historical names in Literature and Science is not gonna make me change my mind on the "depth" of your tale.



*** instead of making areas more complex, enemies harder to trick or making the player use different strategies... nope, ALL areas are basically the same and grinding will helping you clear them all. This is so lazy and infuriating. THIS GAME COULD HAVE BEEN GREAT... but it isn't.

p.s. didn't even finish the game... that's HOW LAME it seems to be from the start
 

LOVE中国人-HATE中国共产
587 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.8 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2019
This is the last Assassin's Creed game I've played. I've played all of them. Not every game is very good but still, I love the franchise. This one has many bugs, but I enjoyed the game.
 

Florence
125 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.5 hrs on record
Posted: 4 June, 2017
I love the characters so far and I want to experience the story... but..

The grappling hook you get just a few hours in killed the game for me. And the combat is FAR from what we knew in every other Assassins Creed game since AC2. There is no real choice in weaponry and the animations are stiff as hell. Remember the smooth motion-capture-like combat from every other AC game? Not here.

This is basically an Batman game with that grappling hook and cartoony combat. And If you think the grappling hook is optional like it was in a game like Dying Light, it isn't. They have you use it in main story missions.

To me Assassins Creed has been held up by three distinct pillars: Free Running, Combat, Story. If one doesn't hold up, the game is screwed.

They improved the Free running from Unity(which to me was notoriously bad), but made free running obsolete with the grapling hook gun that can pull you up Big Ben in a matter of seconds. Why? And why force us to use it?

A good story is really all just preferential anyways. but I haven't played an AC story I don't like.

The combat. Well it's terrible. It is nothing like what Assassins Creed was all these years. As I said the animations are stiff and feel like they are stuck in "fast-forward" mode. And you get practically zero choice in weaponry.

If none of these issues bother you then be my guest and grab Syndicate. Otherwise this is the first Assassins Creed game (and I've played nearly all of them) I could NOT recommend.

#MakeAssassinsCreedGreatAgain
 

GRiM
263 products in account
14
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
79.9 hrs on record
Posted: 4 December, 2016
I'm a huge fan of a few decent AC games (not everyone is--they can be repetitive, overly long, and sometimes the gameplay setup just doesn't gel with everyone). AC:S is pretty much the same deal: cool story, fun history (you get to hang with Charles Darwin, Karl Marx, Charles Dickens, etc.), interesting writing, pretty graphics, and stealth assassinations. I think the highlights for me were using the grappling hook to get everywhere (wheeeeee!) and using gang members to do my bidding and take over gang territory bit by bit. The slight steampunk bent feels a bit outdated (that trend was like 5 years ago lol) but it's charming.

I'm gonna compare this game with AC: Black Flag cuz everyone seems to think that's the best one (it's pretty amazing). I loved Black Flag for it's captivating script and story and characters. AC:S can't live up to the magic of Black Flag in that regard (but it tries). On the other hand, a lot of people were down over how OP'd the protag in Black Flag was and how easy it was to just waltz up to a plantation and murder everyone in battle, which kinda made stealth a bit pointless and time-consuming. They've changed that in AC:S--it's a skills-based leveling up system and you're generally pretty weak in battle.

Oh, also UPlay is an awful, awful programme (you need UPlay to play any Ubisoft game... legitimately). It keeps crashing at crucial points in the game and my cloud save has clearly carked it somehow. The game wouldn't even start unless I did some weird thing with my directory or something. It's a broken system and Ubisoft clearly hates PC gamers and isn't planning on fixing any of these things.
 

ribqueen
256 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 February, 2020
WARNING! This review may perspectively contain indirect spoilers!

Introduction
The story is set in Victorian era in London (1868, to be specific) during the great industrial revolution. This time, you play as two twin assassins, the calculating and stealthy Evie, and the hot-blooded and straight-to-battle Jacob Frye. The mission is simple, stop the ruling hand of Templars in London and defeat the crew pulling the strings.

Personal view
The story itself was pretty mediocre, not great, but not necessarily bad, it was the typical - climb the villain ladder and kill off the atagonist. There was really no character development, although the characters themselves were interesting, nothing too generic and common. The origin of characters are also missing, I do not know anything about Evie or Jacob, only that their father was an assassin and he liked to give wise quotes.

Apart from story, what really caught my attention is, of course, the enviroment and "atmosphere". In-game London was immersive and I really felt like I was roaming the 19th century. It is my first expirience to actually see children in a video game (especially PG-18™ rated one), which adds to the immersion, because sadly, child labor was very common in this era - working in factories under unacceptable conditions for long hours. But except for this depressing fact, the population is very lively and active, they react to what you do. The map is very huge (I believe about 30% bigger than Unity’s Paris), so thankfully, they added horses and carriages to drive you around faster.

As for equipments. you have various revolvers to choose from as firearms, and as for melee - Kukri, Cane-Sword and Knuckles. Other than that you have throwing knifes, voltaic bombs, smoke bombs and med-kits. You are also equiped with a grappling hook (made by the great A. G. Bell), which has made traveling from roof-to-roof much easier!

As Evie and Jacob arrive to London, Jacob gets the great idea of creating a gang called "The Rooks". There are enemy gangs all around the London, the more boroughs you conquer, the safer the streets to travel. Your gang members always greet you, and offer you help, by getting recruited. You can recruit up to 5 gang members.

In conclusion, if you are looking for an Assassins Creed game set in 19th century, which has an amazing map and enviroment to interact with, and don’t mind a more or less cliché story - it is a game just for you.

Pros & Cons
+ Characters, not developed, but interesting (Evie, Jacob, Starrick, love ’em).
+ Enviroment, the city is beautiful!
+ Graphics
+ Optimization - Medium settings; 30-50 fps (avg. 48, 1% of time bellow 30); on a Intel Core i5
4460; NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 (2GB VRAM); 8GB RAM.
So if you have a newer budget rig, you should not worry.
+ Awesome combat combos.
+ Traveling methods (horses and the grappling hook).

- Story, it was not bad, but there was alot of unused potentional for such rich historic era.
- Climbing, not entirely, but there were moments when the game decided doing the opposite of what I was doing, and it was frustrating.

Additional info
Finishing the story, with minimal side-questing = ~ 21 hours

This is not really a spoiler, but it is a nice addition to the game. I will still mark it as spoiler just in case, because I sure was surprised to discover this feature. 

Just so you are not confused - With every 1,000 epx, you get a skill point, and to level up your character, you have to spend those points. The higher the level you are, the more skill points you have to spend.

Conquer 3 boroughs (basically neighborhoods) to unlock senquence 9.

Amazing game, highly recommend it!
 

DUKEY-X
259 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2019
Crashes and freezes frequently... even in 2019. It's not a bad game, in fact I think it's really fun... it just seems like they never bothered to fix these issue
 
A developer has responded to this review

Alien Cat
188 products in account
0
79 people found this review helpful
112 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2015
It's working and you have a train.
 

ORION
206 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
45.6 hrs on record
Posted: 23 June, 2020
This game is not terrible. That's how you should decide. Do you want to pay 20+ Euro on a game that is "not terrible"?

Here's the thing. Nothing in the game is truly memorable. There are only two missions I really remember, the Intro tutorial mission because everything was new and I was excited to be playing Assassins Creed again (I used to be a fan in the good old Ezio times), and the first real assassination mission because I learned some new game mechanics. It's unfortunate really because the story has potential and the main characters are interesting. But the game doesn't capitalise on it and instead you find yourself with an underwhelming feeling of meaninglessness every time you finish a mission. There were a couple of great plot twists that kept me going but even then, as soon as the cut scene finishes you're back in town, earned another few experience points and unlocked a new weapon without any significant impact on gameplay. No real sense of reward. No 60 seconds to get out of the place before it explodes, or being trapped until you find the secret exit, or anything like that, which makes you feel disconnected from the mission as soon as it's done.
The cut scenes are short and repetitive and they fail to build up tension. I think maybe this is the biggest problem here. If you don't care much for the story and just enjoy climbing walls and killing targets from above, then this game is great! the free running flows (thanks to the infamous grappling hook) and the fighting mechanics are not bad. You can do combo hits and if you time your strikes you do more damage which is always satisfying.
But the assassinations don't give you that sense of achievement or reward, they are not challenging, they lack a sense of progress. The story is clumsy and the missions feel disconnected. There are too many characters and you don't really feel drawn to them.

Some side missions however are quite fun, where the only way to do them is by not getting detected, which to me has always been the heart of the game. Stealth mechanics are decent and stealth kills do feel rewarding.

Only play it if you're a fan of the saga and if it's on sale for less than a fiver
 

bluescreen
98 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: 29 June, 2019
Bought this game shortly after receiving a copy of Assassin's Creed: Unity, and can safely attest that both Unity and Syndicate are amazing games with a wide array of content, they offer an improved AAA Assassin (not pirate— not warrior— ASSASSIN) experience akin to those of the first AC games in the series, with improved stealth in practically every aspect. If you're looking to play an Assassin's Creed that feels like Assassin's Creed but not in a dated fashion— Syndicate and Unity are what you should go for.

While Syndicate offers the player the Assassin flair the latest or even some of the previous games in the series have failed to deliver, one of the only flaws I feel like worth mentioning is it's parkour system who's blander and whose sometimes feels inconsistent (moreso than even Unity under certain cases), and the depth and intricate skills you'd have from parkouring in Unity are barely transferrable to Syndicate's own parkour, even though they're the same system, while the map is Unity was built for intricate and skillful parkour, Syndicate's world has been stripped of parkour elements. Still, either way, it is a much more enjoyable freerunning experience than any of the games that came after, and I don't really feel like there are any other objective problems that don't stem from subjective point of views or biases.

I'd visit Revelations' Istanbul and Ezio's Italy once or twice if I had time, but I'd go back to Syndicate's London a thousand times.
 

NCB
128 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
72.4 hrs on record
Posted: 28 January, 2021
My favorite AC game of all time! It's amazing how a game can contain this much history and missions while still being so underrated! This game will always be a "must" to play if you want a good explanation about the AC history :3 It is filled with popular and known real people/characters from the Victorian London, and involves lots of WW1, jack the ripper and detective content! If you enjoy open world games this will be right up your alley <3
 

=^w^=
159 products in account
0
81 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.0 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
This is probably one of my favorite games, with a really well done redesigned parkour system along with the amazing look and feel of the game gives it to the aspect of real life london.

The game starts out simple, but as you progress finding more and more about how the game works, it pushes you to thrive for more, this being the first assassin's creed that has two players that you can play as, and the first to offer the Grappling Hook.

I deffinantly reccomend this game for being overall amazing.
 

ttv@ScarlxtPink
730 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: 3 October, 2019
This might be an unpopular review but an honest one for sure. I used to be an Assassin's Creed big fanboy back in 2010, loved the Ezio trilogy when I was rolling as Ezio Auditore and everything. Then Black Flag happened and I kinda lost my interest. Now after 8-9 years I decided to give AC another try and since London industrial era is pretty interesting, Syndicate was my new AC of choice.

I heard from a lot of people that this is like AC2 but it's just another Ubisoft game. It's dumb, mediocre, nothing "must-play". The main issue is that the core of the game is a map divided into a few regions controlled by the "bad guys" which you have to kill in order to get control over it. Meanwhile you get attacked by a lot of random enemies. Sometimes you get to enjoy some story moments but such moments are still weak. The majority of the game is CTRL+C and CTRL+V.

Where did we see this? Have you played Mad Max? If so, this is literally Mad Max in 19th century - beautiful level design, frequent enemy encounters, weak story line and - this is the most important - completely wasted potentital. I don't get it - they had a beautiful city, a fanbase other would kill for and what they decided to do with it? Fill it with copy-pasted "quests". In my opinion this is not why people come back to AC. Ubisoft you might think this is what people want but I don't think they want this. I definitely don't. People come back because they like the gameplay style, they seek more story, what you used to fill the map is not what they want, it's more like what they have to overcome in order to have a chance to get what they actually want. Syndicate is not as good as AC2, at all. I'm bored in this game.

Am I going to finish it? Probably yes, I paid 40 bucks for it so I'll try. But I already have to force myself because sometimes it's just painfully dumb and stupid.
Am I going to buy another Assassin's Creed? Hell no.

The game came out the same year as Witcher 3 (2015) and there even are some moments where it felt like Witcher 3. I would even say that one idea of following steps and tracking someone is literally copypasted and it felt like they realized how boring their game is and decided to try to save it at least a bit. Howewer, even these ideas are poorly executed and just weird.

Technical part - I play the game in Proton 4.11 on Arch Linux with a 1050 Ti GPU and it runs fine as long as Uplay stays in offline mode, I didn't have any issues with optimization, no crashes or technical issues.

My general recommendation is - if you're looking for an action series with story elements, forget about AC and check Tomb Raider trilogy instead. You can get it cheaper and it's much better.
 
A developer has responded to this review

headlesscyborg
564 products in account
12
20 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.2 hrs on record
Posted: 29 April, 2021
I really had to think about whether or not to recommend this game.

The game feels like a downgrade from Unity. They took out everything great about Unity, the immersive environment, the murder mysteries, engaging side stories (there are some in Syndicate but they aren't as good) and a somewhat engaging story arc for the heroes of the game.

You don't feel as immersed in the Victorian setting. Both the protagonists and the antagonists feel very bland, and leave you with an overwhelming "meh." The "charm" of the Frye twins wears off fast since the main story feels very diluted.

The WW1 side mission line isn't very engaging from my experience, but was a nice addition to the game!

The depiction of gang warfare and the bad guys "a rival gang" is comical. It's like they were voiced by the same people behind LoTR's orcs and goblins. Some classic lines include:
- "You killed my friend's, now I will kill you!"
- "I'll spill your guts!"
- and general grunting.

I haven't played the DLC, just couldn't find myself having the energy to play anymore of this game. But, form what I saw, the Last Maharajah is a broken, badly written mess. While the Ripper seems to be fine, albeit awful writing. You never actually figure out what motivates Jack or get any insight worth the $ they are charging.

The only way I can recommend this game is if you want to have a virtual tour of London during the Victorian era, or if you pick it up on sale.
 

[TD] Salah-Al-Din
193 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.3 hrs on record
Posted: 20 January, 2017
If you were to put the AC games on a sort of graph of quality, Syndicate would be a step up from Unity but just below Black Flag and Brotherhood, what is not a bad place to be in a series that did seem to become a bit over-saturated over time. What once took the industry by storm we eventually just felt “Ugh, again?”

Syndicate is a step in the right direction, afterword they gave us the announcement that there will not be an AC game for a year. Not so much a goodbye song but more of a “Here’s the best we got, see you in a couple of years!”

On a game standpoint, Syndicate is a perfectly functional installment in the series. Little to no graphical errors or gameplay glitches. The odd frame drop here and there but it does go away as quickly as it comes.

I love the characters, even if the stereotypical sibling rivalry pops up out of nowhere. Jacob and Evie Frye clash between his rush-in-and-punch to Evie’s methodical planning. It seems odd because I am just left thinking “Do both?” and they DO. When I’m not on Jacob he’s likely off doing the Jacob-specific missions that I end up playing. So why are they clashing?
Despite that, they both have their charms. I’m a sucker for Jacob’s snark and Evie often goes full nerd over ancient lore and artifacts which is adorable and awesome.

The gameplay is very solid, at least moreso than it was on, say, AC3.
I quite enjoy the general city takeover. There’s a LOT to do in this game, highlights being the Child Liberation and Gang Strongholds which bring in the ultimate stealth gameplay that we’ve all come to yearn from this series. Even from Black Flag (Which was wonderful and go buy it right now) which was more combat-heavy. It just feels so satisfying to navigate both of those missions in complete stealth and it usually works out pretty well.

The only exception is the officer’s “Take criminals in alive” submissions. I find them clunky and difficult to drag an enemy to a vehicle. It’s designed to just capture the person and drag them through the territory using them as a stealth bubble but I just find myself killing literally everyone in their entourage and knocking them out directly. I just feel like that’s not what they really intended.

I find myself rather indifferent on the whole leveling and skills. They’re fine and functional and I always enjoy getting new stealth levels and watching skills I use often become more effective.

The post-death speeches the characters give are some of the most poetic in the entire series and I quite enjoying hearing the villains speak in every interaction.

If I had a major criticism, it’s the same one most reviewers tend to have; Controls.
The game can be very, very clunky.

1) I was climbing to a point to scan the area, assuming I could do the usual leap of faith into a haystack only for Evie to decide not to, and plunged to her death.
2) I was doing a mission to fight an enemy called “Spring-Heeled Jack”, a quest/area that was in my level range but I would go to die a dozen times because Evie wouldn’t counter for ♥♥♥♥. I finally defeated him by running around in circles when he popped his smoke bomb, and I still have no idea if that’s what was blocking her ability to counter. Meanwhile, every restart was treated with a tooltip saying, “This area is too high a level! Upgrade your abilities and equipment!”. It shouldn’t have been. It was level four like everything else I was doing in the area.
3) There was a neat carriage chase where Evie was standing in the back with Jacob driving, throwing me ammo. It was a practice in quick-shotting but at one point I was able to jump out and attack the enemies. Then I failed the mission because I missed a train I was supposed to jump to. It was incredibly too quickly paced and my attention was more on survival than a subtle (and small) tooltip saying “Get to the train”.
4) I was doing one of the MANY territory control subquests, with two templars I was supposed to assassinate. I got one, but aggro’d more enemies than I thought I could handle and decided to flee the area in order to regroup and reposition. Well, the game didn’t like this as it respawned the entire area. Leaving that tiny ass zone was classified as a “failure” and it completely reset.

I can’t count the times I’d be shift-sprinting up, down, and sideways through terrain only for Evie to just vault off the side of a building and die on impact because she decided to make a full turn rather than the slight strafe that I intended.
It’s during those moments that the overarching flaw of the series rears its ugly head.

Yet? It’s hardly a dealbreaker over a quite enjoyable game. Just the occasional annoyance. I’d still recommend this game, especially if you’re a fan of the franchise but were let down by Unity. It’s a step up.
 

Zydrate
620 products in account
0
116 people found this review helpful
69 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.4 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2015
better than unity
 

Bronya
217 products in account
4
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: 5 August, 2019
Great gameplay, had a lot of fun playing this game
 

AvilaPT
2,695 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: 18 August, 2021
is fun but ubisofts player is dumb and should just use steam
 

enzotheduck
117 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2016
1. A blighter noticed you.
2. Fight.
3. More blighters noticed you.
4. Fight.
5. A policeman noticed the fight.
6. Fight.
7. More policemen noticed the fight.
8. Fight.
9. Run away like a boss or die on spot.

#Stay low before you level 9 or you will have to go through 1 - 9 above.
 

Raeon
79 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
112.9 hrs on record
Posted: 28 September, 2021
The main review was written at 50hrs / 45% progress, edited after I completed main game in a little under 100 hrs (I did some idling though to generate money, still not enough to buy / upgrade all gear) and standalone DLC Jack the Ripper that took me another 10-15 hours.

I am a huge AC brand fan and didn't miss a single game apart from Valhalla and Odyssey (which is next on my list). I grew up on rather depressing Altair story and lived through revered Ezio d'Auditore's life and yes, like many, this set a bar this brand is yet to reach again. AC3 was a shocking meh, Black Flag was probably 3rd best (although quite different), Unity was aight and Rogue was okay but a bit outdated by the time it got released. I also played Origins and that was - simply put - different. Obviously, this trend remained and AC is no longer the brand it used to be - whether it's influence of Witcher 3 or change in leadership at Ubisoft, I cannot say.. but it's fair to say that Syndicate is an epitaph (or epilogue if you like) to Assassin's Creed as we knew it.

And now finally to the game - how is it you may ask? Well, it's not as bad as I thought it would be. See, after terribly optimised Unity this game came up with a new feature - two heroes between whom you can freely choose (something I prefer over having to choose one permanently -> Odyssey). When I go back to dated reviews, claims were protagonists were boring / annoying and that game itself was pretty dull.

But no, these two new protagonists are not another Ratonhkake:ton (sorry for my spelling, lazy to google it and don't remember it that well). Yes, Jacob is a bit annoying with his rebelling nature at first, but Evie is sympathetic to me and I prefer to play for her during my free world wandering (this interestingly changed in the second half of the game where I switched and preferred Jacob). They both have their differences and they bicker a lot, something I wish I could change (just like when your parents are about to divorce and you cannot do anything but watch) but eventually all ends well to my satisfaction. Both of characters have slightly different skill trees you can fully unlock by the time you reach 50% of game (provided you collect treasures, do side activities and so on) and it makes you pretty bad ass early in the game.

Second new feature, which I personally enjoy since GTA: San Andreas times, are gangs of New York London! Just like when you are liberating camps in Far Cry series and get random friendlies spawn around those territories, same was implemented here and I kinda like it. I don't like it to the point where I would have a gang follow me while I am ziplining through the city but they have their situational use and controlling 'rooks' is easy.

These were big game changers for the brand but going forward in time, it was nothing in comparison to Origins. Now for the quick summary for those who don't like to read long sentences:

Pros:
+ Industrial London
+ Two switchable protagonists
+ Gangs feature
+ Riding shotgun / stagecoaches!
+ Wide variety of historic figures (it's nothing new yet still entertaining)
+ Train base with memorabilias
+ Last 'true' Assassin's Creed
+ Less of Shaun and other "present" assassins (although you cannot escape them completely)
+ Boats and trains for you to travel on
+ Hook for slightly faster traversing through the city

Cons:
- Main story is slightly 'meh' and uninteresting
- additionally, the newest artifact from First Civ is BOOORING
- achievement for hitting 5k destructibles
- Jacob is occasionally really ignorant, their arguing is especially irritating mid-late game
- number of bugs and glitches including game breaking issues that were never fixed
- DLCs are atrocious, scenes do not trigger, bugs after bugs just terrible optimisation in comparison to main game
- Indian assassin Henry (sorry pal, you're lame)
- the fate of 'modern timeline' was never explained in following games, all the buildup since AC2 about Juno and sages was squashed in some comics - super FAIL
- WW1 timezone was too big and felt out of the place

Overall I can say that I have enjoyed playing this game (apart from seldom bugs) slightly more than I did Unity and I weep with a thought that from this point onwards, we'll just play poorly presented variation of Witcher 3 clones with typical Ubisoft features.


Ad: Jack the Ripper standalone DLC (will contain spoilers!)

This came up with a familiar territory in different colours (fall 1888) and a story about gruesome killer - Jack the Ripper. I have expected the return of investigative missions I so much enjoyed in Unity but nope, not at all. You get a lame-ass story about Jack being a former assassin who went nuts (I still don't understand what triggered his hatred for assassins when it was templars who killed his mother) and corrupted Rooks. You also get to play for him in a number of missions, something I have suffered through due to him being so annoying character. I'd rather play for Rodrigo Borgia or some other villain who had a bit of charisma!

Pros:
+ just about right in size and content
+ wide variety of side missions, including a number of new missions
+ limited option of gear, you are not flooded like you were in main game
+ economy is nonexistent, making gear upgrades super easy
+ investigative sections of main plot missions
+ Jacob survives

Cons:
- You don't get to play for Jacob (which I intended to)
- Evie gets older and indian-ish but does not look the same!!
- Jack the Ripper character and his missions
- recycled dialogs,you often listen same lines / voice across - different missions
- recycled models (Arthur Weaversbrook is Benjamin Disraeli in a hat etc)
- what happened to Henry?? After marrying Evie, I'd expect him to come with his wife...
- still a large number of glitches (exploding stagecoaches, random resetting / insta-failing missions)
- absolutely atrocious fighting effects (Evie no longer kills, she stuns enemies with indian wristbands but no one bother to change animation for hidden blade fighting style)
- returning Rosetta Stone to rightful owners in Egypt in one side mission - what? Without English scientists we would know nothing what hieroglyphs are so ♥♥♥♥♥ pls


As standalone DLCs go, Dead Kings was so much better!
 

OG Sw!fty
2,266 products in account
1
28 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.3 hrs on record
Posted: 20 April, 2020
Overall score: 6/10
Technically recommended, although it’s defenitely not the best Assassin’s Creed game.

I have been a huge Assassin’s Creed fan since 2009 after playing the masterpiece that is Assassin’s Creed II. However, due to the bad reputation of this game, it was not until 2020 that I finally played it for the first time. Now I understand why it has such mixed reactions... because mine is one of them.

First, the good...

Gameplay - 9/10
A lot of fun and makes the game actually worth playing. It has enough variety for a truly assassin oriented game, in order to not feel excessively repetitive. I honestly didn’t feel that the controls during combat and free-running/parkour were any clunkier than they usually are in an Assassin’s Creed game - although this has always annoyed me. The combat system is not the best in the franchise, but also not the worst, and it’s very easy to master. It is, at times, pretty frustrating because it can be unresponsive - more so than in previous installments. For some reason triggering finishers, especially group finishers, is hard to achieve. The movements are very fast, which I like, but the combat animations themselves as well as the ragdoll physics aren’t the best, and there is almost no blood. The stealth system is fun and easy. The parkour system is also excellent, even better with the ability to zipline between the enormous buildings, making exploration both fun and immersive. The rope launcher also adds a really cool stealth mechanic with the ability to return to rooftops extremely quickly after swooping down for stealthy air assassinations.

Graphics - 8/10
Although not as high quality as Unity, I still found the graphics of this game to be really nice for a 2015 game (excluding Witcher 3).

Performance - 8/10
Decent performance given the quality of the graphics, with occasional frame drops and very short, temporary freezes only in demanding combat situations. However, my graphics card being six years old, this was actually surprisingly better than expected. I think the game has been decently optimized but it could be better.

Setting/Time Period - 7/10
Victorian England, from the surroundings to the people all around, felt extremely immersive. London is an absolute pleasure to explore, with realistically sized buildings that really make you feel you are there. However, the time period itself is not exactly the most exciting one in the franchise and also the somber looking city, accurately portrayed for its time period, is not the most beautiful to look at.

Soundtrack - 9/10
Beautiful and appropriate for the setting. Unlike other assassin’s creed games, the songs are actually new instead of being recycled versions of the same Assassin’s Creed II melody.

And now the really, really bad...

Plot - 0/10
Probably the worst plot in the entire assassin’s creed franchise. Contrived, predictable, illogical and boring. Throughout the story, the male protagonist is demeaned as much as possible in order to exalt the female protagonist as much as possible in exchange, with very forced, obvious tropes all over. The entire story felt more like a parody or a mockery of the franchise, especially of its own main character featured in the game’s cinematic trailer. There were numerous missed opportunities to improve his character development. Having dual protagonists was terribly executed. Greatly disappointing.

Characters - 4/10
The male protagonist, Jacob Frye, is a deeply flawed, relatable, fun assassin, with an amazing sense of humor, sharp wit, upbeat attitude and really badass, lore friendly skills. Overall, he is a breath of fresh air among too many uptight, serious, boring characters. He is also young, reckless, immature, brash, cocky, rebellious and appears to be the black sheep of his family. He has serious father issues. Like all trained assassins, Jacob is adept at stealth, but he doesn’t actually excel at it - he does, however, excel greatly in combat. He is thrilled at being an assassin and is very enthusiastic about it, unlike many other assassin’s creed protagonists. Jacob’s voice actor is amazing. As a character, Jacob Frye is on par with Edward Kenway of Assasin’s Creed IV Black Flag due to having very similar personality traits and character flaws. However, in this story he is portrayed horribly, unfortunately, and because the plot and the writing in general were so bad, his character development was seriously hampered. He is portrayed as the cliched “dumb little brother” of the female protagonist, Evie Frye, who in turn is portrayed as the cliched know-it-all “wise older sister” - and they’re twins. In contrast to Jacob, Evie has absolutely NO character flaws whatsoever and is the “best” at everything. She has the wisdom of an assassin Mentor when she’s just as young as Jacob, who she treats like garbage constantly. She has a ridiculously overpowered invisibility skill that is totally anti-lore and unexplained. She has no personality and is constantly getting highly praised by tons of characters and is liked by everyone that isn’t an antagonist - in other words, she’s a Mary Sue. All the flaws went to the male and none to the female. As a woman who strongly believes in gender equality, I was very disappointed. The assassin’s creed franchise needs realistic and believable female protagonists with flaws, complexity, and a personality. Lastly, in this game there is also a complete absence of interesting and memorable side characters and villains. The main villain, Crawford Starrick, was very generic. Only Jacob Frye contrasted all the boring, contrived, one-dimensional characters.

So, in conclusion...

If you play Assassin’s Creed games for the gameplay and immersion and NOT for the story or characters, by all means, play this game - it’s a lot of fun! But if you need a well written story that actually makes sense, doesn’t put you to sleep, and has memorable characters, play Black Flag or the Ezio trilogy instead.
 

lylliemagic
20 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: 1 March, 2017
I liked everything about the game.
- The music
- The story
- The graphics

Played it on PS4, but lost the disk after playing it through twice and decided to buy it for PC on sale.
Would definitly recommend this game :)
 

Ham Selv
76 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2016
Amazing game in the assassins creed series. Most interesting characters since Edward Kenway. They had some awesome mixtures into the other games in the franchise as well with kenway having a small part in the main story, and the potential for desmond to return at some point in time. I just hope that they make a good modern assassins creed at some point. This game didn't come with all possitives though, I had some issues with the game being that is has a very generic open world collection system, the leveling system seemed to be unbalanced as you would take a very long time to obtain certain items, and by the time you do you already had something better. There was also a depressing lack of difficulty in the objectives placed around the map. End game is just as boring as usual, where in Assassins creed black flag they had an immense amount of end game content this game doesn't offer similar experiences. All in all it is an absolutely brilliant game if you focus on the story and the enjoyable side missions.
 

jem557
0
25 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.4 hrs on record
Posted: 18 August, 2016
I really enjoyed this part in the series unlike Unity, this game's plot makes you actually want to continue, and continues on the main story in the "real world". I had some problems getting it to stop crashing, which was easily fixed by running both the game and uplay as admin, and changing the Setdriverworkaround to 1 in the AC.ini in documents. I then had alot of lag which was odd as I've seen others run it fine with lesser systems, but that was also fixed by going into my Nvidia control panel and changing Vsync to adaptive and Max frames rendered to 1. The game was like butter after those fixes. Hopes this helps people.
 

Grubbs008
318 products in account
0
126 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.1 hrs on record
Posted: 27 September, 2017
I played the original Assassin's Creed back in 2007. That game wowed me. The ability to climb ANY building? And I could be this cool ninja-like hooded killer that could coordinate just HOW he wanted to assassinate a target? Wow!

I played Assassin's Creed 2 in 2009. That game wowed me. They improved every mechanic from the first Assassin's Creed. I loved where it was going. The story was AMAZING! I felt a sense of progression as if I was growing up with Ezio Auditore (the assasssin in that game). We were with him from the moment of his birth to the moment of his death.

I played Assassin's Creed 4 in 2013. That game wowed me. They removed the ability to kill a target any way you wanted but in its stead, they allowed you to explore the open seas of the Caribbean. In addition, the story was amazing. Just like Ezio's story, the story in Assassin's Creed IV had progression to it. The person you were and the state of the world in the beginning of the game changes durastically by the end. It also tied some loose ends from AC3 that lingered.

Now, I come to this game. I am not wowed. In fact, I am disgusted by this game. For one, Ubisoft charges you REAL WORLD CURRENCY to buy virtual money. Yeah, you remember the money you had to earn in AC2, 3, 4? You can now just pay a low fee of $30 for 100,000 in game money. The money doesn't even get you anything special. You buy things just like you could in AC2 (medicine, bullets, etc).

The story in this game is absolute trash as well. The Jacob Frye voice actor sounds like a random guy they picked off the streets. "Hey buddy, if we bought you a pint, would you like to do the voiceover in our game?" The guy overexaggerates EVERYTHING he says. On top of that, the story seems to be going nowhere. The plot established from the first game is long gone. There is no sense of mystery. However, that is not because questions were answered. If anything, questions were UNANSWERED from the ending of Assassin's Creed 3. It doesn't seem to progress anything. It's just another Assassin's vs Templar's story with no ultimate end in sight.

That doesn't mean everything in this game sucks. In fact, the environment is AMAZING. The size of London as well as the beautiful graphics really captivates my eye. Unfortunately, the animation for both running and combat is trash. It looks like a game for babies where you're controlling Mr. Wiggles (I don't know what character that is, it just sounds like a character that wiggles his arms everywhere until he hits someone). The running animations look like they were ripped from 2004's Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas multiplayer mode.

I really wanted to like this game. I wanted to find a semblance to AC1 or AC2 but they've lost the plot. Ubisoft has lost the plot, guys. They plan on releasing a new AC game in 2018 so let's hope to heck they get on with the plot.

I give this game a 6/10 - it's a great game on its own but it doesn't live up to the hype of the Assassin's Creed series. They should have made this a spin-off series called 'Creed of Assassins' or something. At least then I'd understand it's a story taking place in the Assassin's Creed universe and not an actual continuation of the story.
 

Assassin Aria
620 products in account
24
60 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Better than Unity.
 

أحمق بوب روس
535 products in account
1
29 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
233.1 hrs on record
Posted: 14 February, 2019
very nice game assassin creed is also my favorite❤️
 

Shadow TTV
292 products in account
0
276 people found this review helpful
72 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
81.8 hrs on record
Posted: 7 December, 2015
Trying really hard to enjoy this game.

I can look past the numerous bugs and glitches. In the past games, there have also been bugs and glitches. Some were very frustrating, and others were just design flaws. However, assassin's creed takes a grip on you. It tells you "just one more assassination mission. Just one." Well, you're not longer an assassin in this game. Now you're just some criminal.

I can look past the repetitive fetch-quests that litter the game. In past assassin's creed titles, fetch quests meant a unique dagger or sword that employed unique animations. It meant an outfit that looked very different from everything else. It meant real bonuses, payments for your hard work. This game doesn't reward you in the same way. Did you finish tediously leaping about gardens, trying to find pressed flowers for someone? Good. Here's a new color for the outfits you already have. Did you finish collecting bogus music boxes? Oh good, here's an outfit that looks like someone forgot to color it. It even glitches on its own - and in the case of this outfit, they treat the glitching as a feature, not a bug.

It doesn't motivate me to move on to another fetch-quest.

I can look past the wonky controls. In past titles, it could mean odd camera angles that make things difficult because forward command suddenly becomes right, or left, or down. Or it could mean running past a ladder and suddenly your character does a 90 degree turn and starts to climb it. But the controls have always been a problem for the assassin's creed franchise. The freedom you get with how you can move through the game, also limits the paths you can take while doing so. That's fine, if perhaps annoying.

I can look past a lot of things.

And now there will be some spoilers. You should not read further if you're senstive to such. I am not revealing story plots here by definition, but some characters will be revealed (they're not surprises, so it shouldn't matter) and some gear (which you'll get almost at the very beginning).

Right off the bat, yes bat, as in batman - you get batman gear. Batman gear, really? You get this rope launcher thing that allows you to zip across roofs. And you get it by looting it off of a bad guy. Right after you take it to Graham Bell (yeah I know) you get a quest where it can be used. Upon your return, your sibling and mister Bell explains that they just so happened to get their hands on another one. Aright, you think. So myself and the bad guys have rope launchers.

No you don't. You and your sibling does. Because apparently, the bad guys in this game think rope launchers are impractical, so no one but you and your sister has them. In spite of you looting off of a low level boss type. The lowly gang leader has one, but not the templars? Please stop hurting my narrative, Ubisoft.

Assassin's creed have always been about alternative stories to explain historical events. Ezio had a gun, and a flying machine! But you could accept that. The story explains how and why they work. I question the rope launcher - because I don't get it. How does it launch? Gun powder? But it has an infinite number of shots. Not even connor could use his ropes an infinite number of times, and his were so short that they were retrievable. Is the launcher using gas? How? By what technological marvel during 1868 is it propelling this thick metal arrow that for some reason can fasten to anything, AND hold your weight?

The parkour skills are there so you can be able to traverse buildings and alike with relative ease. Yet this is not enough? You get a rope launcher? Ubisoft is crazy for fetch quests. How about making it so you have to put up ropes and lines yourself, which you can use thereafter to traverse buildings? Why a rope launcher? How does thi fit in? I mean what's in the next assassin's creed game? A jetpack during ww1? How about a teleporting device during ww2 and your own UFO by the Vietnam war? It's not a big issue, but it contributes to lower the score of this game.

You meet five famous individuals (at least as far as I have played) leaping about London at the same time, handing out quests like they're candy at halloween. It's too much. I mean, when Da Vinci popped up in Ezio's story, assassin's creed was really balancing on the knife edge of credibility already. You could accept it historically though, because Da Vinci was involved with Medici, and so is Ezio. Da Vinci did have theories on flight, so you can buy that idea as well. But in this game? No... Just no. Charles Darwin, Graham Bell, Karl Marx, Charles Dickens, Florence Nighingale... All mashed into 1868 London and all just happen to have numerous quests to dish out to you, the leader of the Rooks - a criminal gang?

And then there's the bogus quest stories, like events where I am supposed to chase someone whom I can see is being fast forwarded in order to escape me. Not even joking, this was an old man and he outruns me, an assassin trained parkour expert, in the prime of my youth and at my physical peak. Really? He just outruns me, like that? If you don't chase him, he slows down to the normal hobbling of an old man, but if you get close, he's fast forwarded. This is unacceptable for a modern game. Hypnotism? Again - not joking here. It's not only hypnotism, hypnotism I can handle. The change of someone's behavior through methodical influence during hypnotism has been documented, if not proven. But this isn't clinical hypnotism, but cartoon hypnotism. Pendulum in the street and everything. Ghosts? No, really. I am not joking. They have ghosts. Am I playing Assassin's Creed: Scooby Do goes to London? What on earth possessed Ubisoft to allow such a corruption of their own franchise?

And talking about assassin's creed. What about the actual creed that assassin's follow? Where you simply aren't allowed to kill innocents? In this game, if I shoot two civilians with a gun, I desynchronize. However, if I hijack a carriage as if this was GTA 1860, I can run over the entire population with no consequences.

And the population; non believable drones walking back and fourth, occasionally stopping to stab one another to death. Yep, that's apparently common in London 1868. Maybe that's why no one really cares if you gun down a dozen people in the street. I mean - not even the middle ages when you played Altair was this bloody. You build up your own team that has absolutely zero function for you as an assassin. If you do bring allies, they will always ruin you being an assassin. You can even hire street kids to do your bidding. However, these are special street kids, who enjoy living in the gutter, stealing to survive. How do I know? Because after you've recruited them, you can get items from them. What items do the street kids have you ask? You'd think a pocket watch. Maybe someone stole a purse with a few cash in them? You'd be gravely mistaken. These kids are sporting 60 units of metal, 50 units of cloth, which they willingly give to you. Now, I know what you're thinking - how much is a unit? Well I don't know. But I do know one of them handed me 5000 cash, which is enough to say... Buy a bar in the game. Or several weapons. Or refeill your gear numerous times. This street kid hands it over with a smile on his face though. Totally believable and doesn't ruin your immersion one bit.

No. It ruins several bits. Several bits and some bobs in fact.

It's... I... There are no words for the atrocity that this game is. At first I thought; well, I paid good money for this game. I am at least going to finish it. After all, I did pay for it. But then my logic kicked in and I thought; so, if I finish this game, I will have both lost money AND time? You can always get more money. But you can never get more time. Time is the only finite resource in your life, of which you will always have less and less and less.

So no. I won't finish this game.
And neither should anyone else.

Don't buy this.
 

Infinite Monkeys
176 products in account
23
64 people found this review helpful
101 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
92.8 hrs on record
Posted: 9 December, 2015
"The dog's name is Desmond"- (Shaun cries)

Such a cruel evil universe...
 

Evil Batnanya
321 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2021
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is the most fun I've had with an Assassin's game.
it's hand to hand combat fighting styles is fun!!!
 

bluef1st
182 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.4 hrs on record
Posted: 19 May, 2017
I like the game, I really do. The story is completely forgetable, but the gameplay is fun, the map is nice and the typical assassins creed mechanics work better than ever before.
But ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this game does not perform well. I can max out most games at a stable 60 FPS with my system (i7 7700k, gtx 1070 and 8 gb of ddr4 ram), but I can barrely hit 35 fps on max settings in syndicate. The game does look pretty nice, but I've seen better looking games performing a lot better on my rig. There should have been a lot more optimisation done by ubisoft.

edit: The game changed to 1440p when I selected the ultra presets. Turning it back to 1080p makes it run decently. Still nowhere close to a stable 60fps though.
 

Zerii
130 products in account
7
16 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2018
I finished the game last night. I hesitated to play Syndicate because it got a lot of shade thrown at it upon release. The metacritic score isn't that great either. But, the game went on sale for cheap and I picked it up despite the hate. I gotta say, the haters were wrong.

IMO, the story and gameplay were fantastic. I love how you could switch between the twins. If I had to make a complaint, then my only complaint would be the controls regarding free-running, running up, and running down. Maybe the combat controls could use a little change too. But overall it was a great game.

I went back to read the user reviews on metacritic to see why haters were raging. Turns out, most were complaining about micro-transactions.

Personally, I wont spend a single penny on micro-transactions, but they don't bother me at all as long as the Dev's don't design grinds in effort to encourage you to buy XP boost. Syndicate offered micro-transactions but didn't force a grind.

I've experience similar misleading ratings with other games too. I'm not going to say that all gamers are complaining for the wrong reasons, but there is definitely a 'hater' population that is throwing shade for whatever reason they can conjure. Syndicate doesn't deserve the hate.
 

BeeBop Huckleberry
210 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2020
Amazing graphic? Yes
Awesome story? Definitely yes
History references? Yes
Good combat system? Yes

This one might be the best AC experience I've ever had.
I'm not a fan of a history itself and I think it is boring, but while playing this game, I enjoyed every reference this game shows. The characters are awesome. There are some moments with good jokes and nice humour. The combat system is really good and a bit easy so it can be enjoyable for those, who doesn't play games but decided to try.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is a must-buy for those, who likes Assassin's Creed franchise, history, or stealth games.
 

Hygge
51 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: 1 February, 2021
As a huge AC Fan, I have to say I skipped Syndicate after Unity. It was the one that got away from me. My son had just been born when this game released and I had no time to play it. Having spent a good 5 hours with it, I can safely say I really like it. As a player of all the past games as well as the ones post this one. I am having a blast. I like the twins way more than I should, Jacob is fun and brash and Evie is smart and calculating. They play off each other greatly. Love running into Charles ♥♥♥♥. Awesome intro to him. The graphics are amazing, the city is fun to explore, and combat is what you expect from AC Pre-Origins. Sidebar: I am completely in love with Evie. All Im saying is, watch some Peaky Blinders and then go play this. You wont be disappointed.
 

Gwa1n3
114 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.4 hrs on record
Posted: 3 January, 2016
The first part of Assassin's Creed for me was ordinary game a little different than all the advent of the next edition of the game and the adventures of Ezio I fall in love for this series and I became a fan. Years proficient and I followed the fate of my dear hero. When his story was over anyway I play further. All parts very resembled each other but changed history

I have not had a chance to play in the Unite and Black Flag after many negative reviews I'd never done. Rogue was a completely different game I liked that in the end I could stand on the other side, however, ships and water were not for me (I hate pirates).Long I wondered about buying ACS, but despite everything I was waiting for her. When at last I was able to buy it I said loud WOW!

The game is a brilliant new combat system and the appearance of the city is delightful, the story is so interesting that I was sitting at the computer playing without hearing what's going on around me. If I did not have a weak hardware at his disposal, I spent the whole day in this world. Plus points of of this game are;
+ New combat system
+ new weapons
+ New story
+ Wonderful city full of life
+ Brilliant side missions with whom I spent more time than the main thread
+ Able to choose form
+ Carriages that they can lead
+ chance to meet historical figures

However, there are also cons

- The level of the game is easy
- Opponents are sometimes stupid
- You can not arbitrarily jump from the wall you have to press a combination !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 

Suii
894 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.6 hrs on record
Posted: 10 June, 2016
It's the ok-est game I've ever played.

If your specs aren't good, it will make your pc catch on fire.
 

Porpal
259 products in account
3
41 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
232.2 hrs on record
Posted: 11 March, 2020
Assassin's Creed® Syndicate
Story 8/10
Gameplay 8.5/10
Graphic 8.5/10 (2015)
really a nice game.

 

PW⭐️PW
341 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
249.0 hrs on record
Posted: 19 January, 2020
It's the same old assassins creed. If you were playing from the first game it will start to feel a bit dated. The twin main characters are fun but the gameplay becomes quite boring after a while... Get it on sale? 7/10
 

sonderkraftfahrzeug
653 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
34 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2019
Gave a realistic experience of living in the UK- Everyone's getting stabbed, gangs rule London, and there's pubs basically everywhere.
Also nobody cares about me and always asks about how my sister's doing. Very accurate to my experiences in real life.
10/10, couldn't have asked for a more accurate representation of my country.
 

DOPAMINE TERRORIST
287 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: 24 September, 2021
With Assassin’s Creed Syndicate Ubisoft once again took a step back, this time also due to the badly rated (but still underrated) Unity. But was that really necessary?

Well, no. Performance issues aside, Unity was a great game with some real innovative elements (as far as Assassin’s Creed is concerned anyway) and gorgeous graphics. With Syndicate Ubisoft seemed to undo all of that, while also trying out some new things that would be used in the later sequels.
So gone were the beautiful graphics. Now they merely got the job done. Nothing groundbreaking, but at least it ran fine on most of the systems it released on.
Assassin’s Creed Syndicate is by no means a terrible or uninspired game, unlike Rogue, but just a decent one that seems to things mostly by the numbers.

Gone is the extremely detailed city of Paris, instead making room for the more plain, but bigger and higher city of London. I’m indifferent to this one, but I prefer a more detailed and smaller city for sure.
Gone are the more open ways to assassinate a target with it now focusing on a more linear approach instead. Terrible choice.
What has been added are the two playable characters Jacob and Evie, each with their own set of skills. Jacob is more focused on direct combat while Evie is more focused on stealth. A very good addition to the series!
A rope launcher has been added to the arsenal for quick traveling upwards and/or getting in and out (but mostly out) of conflict quickly. Also a good addition as it takes away some unnecessary or unwanted climbing; sometimes you just don’t feel like climbing up, especially with the higher buildings in London.
There are now gang territories that can be conquered. A fun addition that also fits the city of London, but not a very novel one.
Combat has been a little sped up and there are some other small, new features and changes. I think I’ve discussed the most noteworthy ones, but feel free to let me know if I missed out on important stuff.

Multiplayer hasn’t returned, but we didn’t expect it to. Co-op has also been removed instead focusing solely on the single player portion. A weird choice since a 2 player campaign co-op would be ideal. And especially now that you have two entirely different characters to play with.

Ubisoft has never managed to match the graphics of Unity ever again. Instead they opted for a style that would run on most of the systems, thereby steadily increasing the userbase I assume. The graphics absolutely suffice. London is a nice place to play in, but it was a little too dark for my own taste. I can’t really remember seeing any or a lot of sunshine. However, the animations and details of the buildings and environments were as beautiful as all of the other entries in the franchise.
Voice acting, music and effects were also strong as ever.

Assassin’s Creed Syndicate would be the last Assassin’s Creed game to do it by the numbers. This was a decent game, with a good story and a few innovations, but nothing that would blow your mind. I personally experienced it as a step back when compared to Unity.
Anyway, following this game would be a new take on the series and it would return two years later instead of the usual annual releases. Its name: Assassin’s Creed Origins. See you next time!

If you enjoyed this review please consider following me: curator page
 

mark | dj.
4,234 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.8 hrs on record
Posted: 24 November, 2017
All AC predecesors have tried (and in quite a few cases FAILED) but they at least TRIED to reinvent the wheel. Even one-off titles like AC Rogue and side-games at least TRIED to do something different. Even the ABYSMAL wreck of YUCK that was AC Unity - even the enjoyable but ultimately miss-guided mess that was AC3 - hell, even the PSP AC titles have at least TRIED to do something new - granted; most of those ultimately failed. But they tried - and I was WILLING to finish AC UNITY to say that I had - to justify the money I spent on it... this game? Not so much... throughout your ENITRE experience you will feel you've either seen this - done that - been here - seen that - and it wears on you. I didn't want to finish this game - not even to say I HAVE finished it. Not because I hate it - but because, quite simply, I don't care.

First up, the story... there... really isn't one. Not really. Criminal warlord is holding England in his grip - really? THAT'S what we're doing? We're not trying to save cultures or protect the world... we're doing street crime? From the get-go this is a problem; who CARES about random punks on the street? I mean, seriously, in ALL the previous AC games - thugs were just ONE part of what you'd encounter in the game. In this game? 80% of what you're fighting are THUGS. Best part? You're not even trying to beat them - you just want to take over. You're a criminal but a nice criminal - a dashing criminal - the criminal that England deserves... ugh. Even AC4 acknowledged that pirates sucked :P this game? You might as well be modern robin hood... with random extras - because, outside of like ONE character, there aren't any merry men to cozy up to or admire. It's really just the main characters with the OCCASIONAL appearance by the moderately interesting Henry...

Talking of the main characters...

With a story like that, you're going to be pretty reliant on the main characters - and, yes, it's characters... you play two characters. Now, AC has done female leads - they've done (predominantly) male leads - but they HAVE done female leads before. Evie's writing is top notch - her character is interesting - her story is good - her interactions with Henry (an assassin who cares too much and is afraid to kill - that's actually quite an interesting trait for a top-secret murder cult) her love for the people around her - it's good... unfortunately, only about 50 percent of the game (and, really, 40 percent... and, after spending time with Jacob, it'll feel like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 30 or 20 percent...) is spent with Evie. The rest of the time you've got Jacob... do you remember Edward Kenway? Probably the MOST dickish main character in the history of AC? Yeah... Jacob is Edward with all the charm and witty banter thrown out. He's an idiot. He's a prick. He's selfish. The main story starts with him talking his sister into going to London by telling her about some lost artifact - but the minute they get there all he cares about is becoming the next kingpin. People die - a LOT of people die - children get sick - factories burn down - the best part? Most of Evie's story - when she isn't focusing on the much more interesting hunt for the artifact - focuses around cleaning up Jacob's messes. Literally. He poisons a bunch of kids - Evie fixes it. He lets a bunch of counter-fitters loose on England - Evie fixes it. He teams up with a manipulative ♥♥♥♥ who SCREAMS villain - leading to him almost blowing up several workhouses - Evie fixes THAT too.

He's an idiot - he deserves to die - and you're saddled with him for most of the game. A game with a story that is focused around running around England blowing ♥♥♥♥ up, kidnapping people and saving the odd kid. All so you can control the ultimate criminal empire. We've been here - we've done this - and we've done it with characters we've actually cared about. With much higher stakes. Even characters you COULD care about - Evie - Henry - are side-lined for Jacob and his selfish stupidity. Eventually, it gets to the point, where you don't even care about the bonus content anymore - you don't even care about the side missions - you just want this done so you NEVER have to see Jacob's stupid face again...

Which wouldn't be so bad - if there was actual new content here worth playing.

We've ridden things in AC before - boats - chariots - horses - we've done this. Trains- wait? We get a train? Hell YEAH! Okay. I'mma name my train Thomas and... oh, what's this? This engineer girl person get's to take care of the train for me? That's nice. I wouldn't want Thomas to go uncared for - so I'll just climb into the front and... ... ... wait... let me... if you'll just...

Okay, back up a minute, I've driven boats, chariots and horses - the one new idea - the ONE new piece of content - a MOBILE rail-bound base - and I DON'T ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GET TO DRIVE IT?!?!?!? That's right folks - you don't have a hub in this game. You have a train. But you don't drive it. No joke - I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you. You can't decorate it. You can't color it. You can't have epic train battles. Half the time you can't even FIND the bloody thing because it's chugging off GOD NOWS WHERE. They had to put in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fast travel feature just so you could GO to the damn thing because the engineer girl is off god-knows-where doing god-knows-what with my beloved Thomas!!!

ahem - I think I'm okay now...

So what other content is there in this game? Remarkably little... there's no hunting or gathering - all crafting material is found from boxes. Which are EVERYWHERE now. You can't go a step without tripping over a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ box. There are costumes and outfits based on previous characters and recolors of the game's main characters base outfits; but most of them are bound to the story, the boring as ♥♥♥♥ side-missions or the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay interface. There ARE historical encounters - but unlike previous installments they play very little (to no) part in the main story... mostly because, again, there isn't one. Charles Dickens, Darwin, Karl Marx... yeah, see, here's the thing - these appearances should have impacted the main characters. The only one who comes even CLOSE is Alexander Bell; who invents early EMP's and the Bat-Grappler.

No ♥♥♥♥ - again - I'm not just jerking you around. He invents low-powered EMP's and a bat-grappler and removes most of the best poisons and dart types from the game. I know that the devs were trying to go for a steampunk feel - but when you REMOVE variations on darts and throw in EMP's just so you can ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip off the DC game that ripped YOU off... there's a problem.

Finally, we come to the combat - probably my biggest problem. You've got three weapons to choose from. Brass knuckles. Cane-Swords and Kukri's. Gone are the wide spears or longswords; in their place you've got all these close-together brawling fights that make it VERY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hard to see ANYTHING if there's trees or a wall or if the camera gets stuck. Worse still; they copied the BIGGEST mistake AC Unity made and gave EVERYONE a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GUN. Seriously. EVERYONE has a gun. You will be shot. A lot. That doesn't change things up - that doesn't make it more difficult - it's just ANNOYING!!! Which means you spam smoke bombs - a LOT of smoke bombs. How is combat more intense - how is it more involving - if you're FORCED to use the same strategy over any over?

Now, having said all that, you would THINK that I'd not recommend this game - I DO recommend it... but only to fans. And only on sale. Why do I recommend it? Is it JUST because it's a more modern take on the AC IP? Is it JUST because it's not as HORIFICALLY bad as AC Unity? Is it beause I watched WAY too much Sherlocke Holmes? Well... basically, yes. It ticks the right boxes for an AC fan - the victorian steampunk motif is at least interesting. There's a lot of interesting lore - there's the usual post-AC Rogue tropes - there's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ton of boring-but-distracting things to collect. It's an AC game... but that's ALL it is.
 

2Scribble
210 products in account
2
31 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2020
I don't know... this game feels like all form and no function. Despite it looking pretty and feeling very Londonish, it just doesn't feel like there's much holding this game together. It also doesn't help that there are bugs, glitches and optimisation issues all over the place.

But 3 hours in and I don't feel gripped by the narrative, or the combat, or the exploration or the gang management... or basically anything about this game. It all just feels very muted and disconnected, not enough to keep me actually entertained rather than just present. It's like they said to themselves "I know all the stock parts of an Assassin's Creed game, let's do it again" and that was it.

The integration of the narrative with the gameplay seems very half-arsed too. I started playing, I got to London after playing a couple of disjointed missions, then one character expresses an interest in being a gangleader and sooo... now they're a gang leader, with no particular preamble. I defeat a random gang boss by kicking him off a train and sooo... now I have a train with a load of management options and a bunch of other characterless characters thrown in, okay... how... entertaining... what relentless progress I am making by doing these otherwise boring tasks.

This just feels joyless and the whole game feels like a foreshadowing of the single player MMO direction that the games ultimately took.
 

Chaotic Entropy
1,166 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 June, 2017
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is currently the perfect form of the new things introduced in Assassin's Creed Unity, and in my opinion, the perfect form of the Assassin's Creed series (at least until they release Origins). Assassin's Creed Syndicate takes everything that was good about previous games, and makes them better, and takes everything that was bad about previous games, and either fixes them, or removes them entirely. If you're a fan of anything from previous Assassin's Creed games, play this one!
 

Christopher Columbus
1,046 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 February, 2016
At a glance
Game Name: Assassin Creed Syndicate
Original Release: 19 November 2015
Genre Tags: Stealth, Parkour, Assassin, Open-World
My Overall Grade: A-
Estimated Playtime: +-16 hours Main Story
Multiplayer Aspect: Auxiliary
Recommended To: Established fans of the genre; those intrigued by the genre; fans of Assassin Creed series


Assassins Creed Syndicate is the very first modern Assassins Creed ever created. When you think London in the middle of 1868, London is in the middle industrial revolution and it is only 75 years away from French revolution. However it feels like a thousand years has passed, because it completely changes people how they live.


Story
Introducing two main protagonists, Jacob and Evie, they will fight back free up London using their street gangs. Jacob and Evie have to gather people to take down the Templars.
I won’t spoil the story but I can tell you that you’ll learn many of historical stories which are a lot more interesting than your school. Starring Charles Darwin, Karl Max, Alexander Graham bell, Queen Victoria and many more Syndicate manages to deliver a cohesive and satisfying tale.


Gameplay
The gameplay has been polished a lot, seems like the developer has learned a lot from the previous series.


Combat
In Syndicate, developers also revamp the combat system. Back then, London, in 1868, is the time of concealed weapon. Back in the time, 70 years before was Medieval time period. Weapon was to have a sword, axe, and etc. But now in London 1868, London is not possible to do that. Therefore the combat is more to street combat style where everything has been brought into close quarters. Syndicate focuses on melee combat, with Jacob and his street gang pulling enemies into fist fights on the city streets. Combat is no less brutal than in previous games, but bringing fights between you and your enemies closer allows for some seriously cool-looking cinematic kills. They are faster and more brutal than ever. Thanks to weapons like the brass knuckles.

Countering, Chain kills, Double kills, Enemy shields, Disarming, Hiring, Cinematic kills, Weapon toss, Variety of projectiles, and etc have been brought back. But, combat using the hidden blade like in Assassin Creed 2 or brotherhood has not been brought back. It’s only being used for the finishing move.

Navigation
London buildings are taller and wider than any features in the series before. Syndicate introduces the rope launcher (a tool that probably the game changer of the game), which lets Jacob and Evie rapidly ascend to high ledges and create ziplines across wide gaps to help them quickly get around these larger spaces. Player can use it almost in any building that they want.

The way how you switch your character is just like GTA V, you can freely switch whenever you want from the Menu. You are in open world; it is your choice to play whether you want to play as Jacob or Evie. However, within the main sequences/chapters, whichever you want to refer to, this world will alternate between the two depending on the story what you want to tell. In addition, what make it more fun is the perks/upgrades is different within each other.

Stealth
Whistling is also back, is just as useful as ever, as we found when we used it to lure a gang member to our hiding spot for a quick, clean kill from cover.
The Hood toggle works beautifully. While you are in the stealth mode you will always have your hood on. When you are walk freely or not in the stealth mode, you can have your hood away.

Vehicle
This is the big part of Syndicate. Thinking of London in 1868, London has “The Carriage”. The player can steal the vehicle and even hijack it. Player also can ride on it; hide in it and even fight on the top. The carriage is a powerful tool for the player to navigate freely. But be aware that enemy can also use it to against you.

Street Gang
Just almost like in Brotherhood series where you can hire your Assassins brotherhood. Instead of that, in Syndicate you can hire your gang to fight with you.


Graphic
As you explore the magnificence of London city in the 19 Century, it makes you want to pack up your stuffs immediately and fly to London. Sky-high towers, stone walkways line the financial center, galloping horse carriage, red-box telephone, homeless burn fires in trash cans in alleys, stations bustle with passengers and passing trains, London feels alive. It’s breath-taking.

The character design is really sharp. Looking at the white silky smooth beard of Charles Darwin in the highly detailed graphic makes you want to try to pull his beard or burn it.

The lighting in this game is absolutely amazing. Everything looks believable, they are using HDR effect to slowly blend in the darker place to the brighter place; you can see from indoor to outdoor, the outdoor is very bright. As you are going out, the brightness will slowly blend in to normal brightness. In other hand, from brighter place to darker place, you can from outdoor to indoor; the room started with very dark lighting and slowly blends in to normal brightness. Honestly, this is one of best looking open-world; everything looks amazing, the buildings, the shadow, the texture, the detail, are astounding.


Sound System
Talking about music, because in Assassins Creed 3 the music was almost dead all the time. In Syndicate, as player move throughout the city, you will hear different ambient music. For instance, in the street you could hear people playing violin, or, if you are in the pop music place, you could hear pop music. It is really nice to have this idea in the game because it reflexes different feeling where you are in. Thanks to Austin Wintory, a great grammy-nominated Journey composer for creating awesome music background for Syndicate. You are not far from Jesper Kyd.


Replayability
Both the story missions and the open-world activities work better than previous series. It isn’t perfect, but with such a beautiful city, a genuinely likeable cast of characters, and many improvements to both stealth and combat this feels like a step in the right direction for Assassin’s Creed. You can stick with this game for hundreds of hours to finish it on 100% sync memories.


Problems
1. Some random crash and freeze screen sometimes happens.
2. To running on 60 fps with everything on maximum setting, you really need strong pc specs. Even if you are running on GTX 970 or AMD R9 380 GPU with core i5 6600K CPU, you probably still need to struggle lowering down the display setting.
Taking core i7 is highly recommended and gets the higher GPU probably.
3. Currently SLI is not that beneficial.

Hopefully they will release next patch soon to fix all the problems.
 

Agent Maize
235 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 August, 2016
Assassins creed syndicate is a gorgeous looking game with some very good gameplay ,but is it a series reviver? NO. After the terrible fate of unity which almost failed in all departments(except graphics) with game breaking bugs, glitches and not to mention its terrible story and characterisation i can see why ubisoft made a game like Syndicate. Through this game the developers just wanted to please the fans and to tell them that the series still has some hope. They have achieved this through some various cool aspects such as the new gameplay mechanisms and adding some very good humour to the characters and story with a beautiful open world . The story is so forgettable that at times you wont even remember the reason for assasinating a person.

Pros

+ Jacob and Evie frye the twin assassins
+ Humour
+ The open world architecture(most accurate depiction of victorian london in industrial evolution)
+ Gameplay (Brutal, Fast and responsive, awesome kill animations)
+ PC Port is great with very minimum bugs and glitches

Cons

- Story (It doesn't truely have one.It just tells you to assassinate random people with little to no reason at all ,again its typical useless ubisoft mission design. I dont know what kinda meds the writters were in during development of the story , Because the story is what made the game series popular in the first place)

-The Open World Itself (It is just a big beautiful and dumb open world with nothing much to do, It would have been better if they had concentrated more on story telling other than this dumb open world.)

-Mission design
-Villians
-Lack of diversity
-The rift missions
-Motion blur (i see what they did there, it makes you care less about the texture pop's and you cannot turn that off)
-Cloth animation
-The ending (N0, i dont wanna talk about it. It was that bad)

It is just a fun game with no replay value . It is not worth the full amount but if you find it on a sale you can pick it up . It offers you some good gameplay. The franchise which gave great games like AC2, brotherhood, revelations, black flag offers a mediocre game. The series does not deserve such games.

I recommend it because it is surely worth one time play. Overall a fun filled game which offers some cool moments.
 

OctavialKnave
27 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2017
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is a nice new fresh of breathe air in the AC games as it's something actually decent compared to that last three games or so. It has a great story that keeps on the Assassin's plot and adds a new and awesome combat style, biggest map yet, many side quests and several events to do as well. However the city is very bleak and ugly looking but maybe that's because it's London lol, and the present day timeline is barely explored and seems to not be going anywhere. Although in the end besides with a few bugs the game is fun to play and adds great new stealth strategies to assassinating major targets.

+Great new combat system
+Sweet music
+Two characters that add different playstyles
+Equipment is more depth
+Leveling system is better
+No Multi-player it all
+Great unique characters that stick for the whole story or most of it
+Grappling hook is a unique change
+Really cool historical characters that even have several quest-lines and aren't a one time see
+Story's ending really leaves a big cliffhanger to what's to happen next
+Adds multiple opportunities to major targets helping you find interesting ways to kill them like Hitman
+Edward Kenway's house
+Gang take overs are really fun
+Fight clubs are sweeet

-I felt that the major target cutscenes when they are talking to you when they've been assassinated is weird with them standing up as if they aren't dying
-End boss fight had weird transitions and cutscenes and we just a repeated stab, thrown, stab, thrown, etc.
-Enemies detecting you through walls
-Map is way too huge
-To many collectibles for such a little reward
-Random crowd events are useless
-Ubisoft still can't make character's hair look good in cutscenes
-Present day stuff is very little
-I like how you can take off your hood whenever but not when the character does it on their own
-Several alerts in the inventory and crafting system are super hidden and or broken
-City is very ugly and colorless
-Most of the DLC's are outfits or they're poopy new quests that you can finish in an hour and most don't even work or even in the Season Pass
-Don't buy the Gold version it just adds boring new content and most of it doesn't work right
-Still a lot of bugs, not as bad as Unity but still more than usual
-No Steam achievements, and even with that most of the achievements are annoying "Do 50+ kills with this one time thing you can only do in like 5 missons!"

Syndicate is a right direction for the series as the storyline and side activities are actually good this time around with sweet two new characters to play as with good personalities and perks. The game has such a wide variety of side-quests and activities that it almost adds several hours onto the main story and even has huge historical characters recurring like crazy. The game has its moments with great visuals but mainly develops on its sweet new fighting style that just makes you want to stop stealthing and purposely fight everyone. Although there's a lot of bugs still and the city is pretty ugly with too big of a map, useless collectibles, and meh DLC's it's a good returning point for anyone who quit playing after Revelations or perhaps for someone starting this as their first AC, I'd definitely say start with the Ezio collection then go here and decide if anything in between is worth it.
 

snowysquid
146 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2019
Story was decent. It has the best combat system aside from AC 3 imo. Syndicate is my favorite out of all the AC games because i love the steampunk era.
 

Magachim
62 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: 16 May, 2020
By far the most underrated Assassin's Creed game. Unity felt more like I was slogging through it. This is a great improvement over that. Love the combat and visuals.
 

Ronak
97 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
53.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 December, 2019
First of all, I played this after Origins and Odyssey. Compared to them, Syndicate feels really empty and soulless. The map is really small and only includes London and because of that every place just looks the same apart from the Buckingham area. You could argue that it's just realism, but then again, it's a huge con that the map is limited to one place only. A lot of the side missions are ctrl+c ctrl+v and throughout the game the enemies look exactly the same. There just isn't any variance. The main antagonist is one-dimensional and in general the storyline is weak and predictable. What I did like was that you could switch between Evie and Jacob. I also enjoyed the banter between them. If you like the gameplay of the AC series then yes I would recommend this, but maybe get it on sale. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend it, if you are new to the series there are much better games in it that are way more fun (AC2, Origins, Odyssey)
 

Elyu
165 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: 8 November, 2019
In Assassin's Creed Syndicate you'll be playing as Evie ( Stealthy asassin) and her twin brother Jacob ( a Bruiser) in London, 1868.

This game offers:

+ Beautiful city;
+ Fun quests;
+ Different aproach to missions;
+ Good chemistry between main characters;
+ Talent tree;
+ Crafting;

The negatives:

- Main antagonist is boring and generic;
- Same types of enemies throughout all game;
- Some glitches (that can be really funny at times);
- You've to change characters to customize them.

Overall this is a good game, I enjoyed it even though after the first 10 hours of playing it gets a bit repetetive.



 

Dungo
110 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
104.6 hrs on record
Posted: 15 February, 2018
WOW. where do I start. I absolutely love love love this game. I am not even finished with the main story yet because im having so much fun with the side missions and the missions you do for specific characters you meet like alexander graham bell, Karl Marx, Charles dickens, and more. I am a huge fan of this time period. I love victorian era and this game is absolutely beautiful. You get to play as either Evie or her brother Jacob which is awesome. I love that you get to play two characters and they each have there own charm. The controls are for the most part pretty good. the only problem i had at the beginning was the parkour because of the control keys on keyboard i kept climbing things i did not want to climb, but, i did get used to the controls very quickly and now im having no trouble at all. The recreation of victorian London and its vicinitys like white chapel is gorgeous. i find myself just looking at the scenery alot throughout the game. The skills, crafting , and upgrades system is really good as you can upgrade your main characters but also your gang can be upgraded. The game runs great and i have not experienced any game breaking bugs at all. The main story is pretty good so far but i havent gotten through it yet to tell how the entire story is. I love the combat in this game. it feels very smooth to me and once your character is high level you can really kick the butts of multiple enemies at once. the combat animations for finisher moves are really good too. i have been playing almost 50 hours now and am not bored in the slightest bit. I havent played the jack the ripper dlc yet and will update the reviiew once i do, but, im so thrilled that they included something to do with jack the ripper because i think thats just sooooooo cool. ive done some of the crimes dlc and those missions are actually a nice change of pace in the game because you look for clues, interrogate people and solve the crimes. This definitely is one of the best games in the series and well worth the price. i can see easily getting 100 plus hours of play out of it. Overall i rate this as a definite 9/10 right now and that may go up to a 10 after i finish the main story and the jack the ripper dlc.
 

Shadow♥
491 products in account
2
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: 28 April, 2019
It’s a solid entry in a series that’s been far too prolific, and while Syndicate is good, it’s tough to be excited about it. 3/5
 

Iron|Cu!
487 products in account
0
154 people found this review helpful
324 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: 6 November, 2016
i ran over a kid with a horse carriage
 

Revan
55 products in account
8
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: 28 May, 2018
As a Londoner, I wanted to explore an immersive and atmospheric Victorian-era London in a videogame for a while now and Syndicate completely delivers on that premise. As a fan of the Ezio trilogy exclusively, Syndicate is a good entry in the Assassin's Creed franchise but Ubisoft are still not doing anything new enough here.
 

Lavjot
141 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
45.9 hrs on record
Posted: 26 February, 2017
As an avid Assassin's Creed fan, AC Syndicate is a major disappointment. I had expected that the folks at Ubisoft to actually learn from their mistakes (Unity) and strive to make a better AC experience in through Syndicate. After giving this game so many chances to prove itself, ultimately it is still a major letdown by Ubisoft.

1) Controls are still very wonky and stiff
= Parkour are super-smooth and semi-realistic (if you would excuse all the extreme parkour of course), but the controls for the game was not improved. It is still wonky and stiff in execution, which leads to frustrating movements and maneuvers.

2) Uninspiring main characters
= Jacob and Evie Frye is still likeable, just not inspiring. Most of the dialogues are dull, with Evie sticks mostly to the plan and Jacob being sarcastic and relaxed in an almost lazy way. Interaction with other characters within the game are similarly dull and not exciting. Truly a missed opportunity especially when you have historical figures like Charles Darwin, Alexander Graham Bell and Karl Marx walking about.

3) Story is lackluster.
= The story lacks any form of inspiration or excitement. The story is too straightforward without any suspense or fear. It goes on sequence by sequence without anything memorable happening.

4) Limited Weapons:
= There are only three type of weapons in Syndicate: brass knuckles (which is awesome! Love fighting with these), cane sword and kukris (basically curved daggers). In comparison to Unity which had a lot more variety to offer, the limited structure of weapons in Syndicate is a letdown for sure, especially as a AC game.

5) Limited Outfits and Customizations:
= Apart from specialized skill tree for Jacob and Evie, there really is not a lot to offer when it comes to customizations. The outfits are very limited, and the corresponding color customization is quite boring (color does not pop). I expected more customizations for Syndicate.

6) Jacob and Evie can't walk normally with their hoods up.
= Jacob will wear a tophat and Evie will just leave her hood down in normal walking mode. As you trigger the stealth mode (entering the stealth mode), Jacob and Evie will pull up their hoods to accomodate their stealth movements. Although I love the fact that you can bring the hood up and down, at least give us a option to put the hood up while walking normally. I can't stand following Charles Darwin with my hood up while crouching. It looks off.

7) Buggy fighting system
= The fighting system in Syndicate is actually pretty smooth. Combat flows and executions, while limited, looks realistic and classy. However, some aspect of the fighting system is buggy. Sometimes a prompt does not appear when someone is about to shoot you, and the next thing you know, you're dead (from higher level enemies). Sometimes attacking an enemy deals no damage, and would get countered instead (almost immediately). I'm fine with a challenging fighting system, but when it bugs so much that it ruins the flow of the game, it is definitely frustrating.

There might be something that I missed in this. Sorry Ubisoft, but AC Syndicate is a major letdown for me. Come back better with an AC game in Feudal Japan, with samurais and ninjas. That, would be epic.
 

Xypherius
57 products in account
3
20 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: 13 May, 2019
This might actually be one of my favorites in the series, except from the small detail I cannot complete the game due to game breaking bug. which creates a situation where you cannot choose certain kinds of missions, which you need to complete to progress the story.
It also resets all the viewpoints previously activated.

I've found a couple of threads about it, and Ubisoft says they cannot fix it... so you have to restart the game, and complete these missions before a certain point in the story.

So... yeah, dead stop after 2/3 of the game.
How could I possibly recommend this?
If anything I should demand a refund. You know what? I'll try.
 

Ulcerus
425 products in account
0
129 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
47.9 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2015
Filled with boring collections and the same repetitive gameplay, this game is not worth $60. U-play DRM with cloud saves only allows one save game at a time. This means nobody else in your household can play unless you want to delete your save and start all over again. Ubisoft has reached the point where their anti-piracy policies treat us all like criminals. I will not buy any more Ubisoft games if this is how it is going to be.

If you do buy the game, don't look for anything new. Wait until its on sale for $10 or less.

Edit:
I am currently on the "Driving Mrs. Disraeli" mission. While driving her in a carriage, the screen goes black and displays the save/load icon. Nothing happens, nothing loads and I cannot proceed with the game, its stuck. If the Ubisoft server is down or undergoing maintenance, can you play a game with cloud saves? I know there are local save game files, but from what I have read, the cloud save always take precedence.

Guess I'll try later, hopefully it will work, I sure do not want to start the game again after being at 77% syncronization.

Edit: After some brief Google-ing, it looks like there is a known bug in the "Driving Mrs. Disraeli" mission with a workaround. For the sake of not displaying any spoilers, if you get stuck on this mission, just Google "assassin's creed syndicate stuck on driving mrs. disraeli". The workaround does work.
 

Jimbobski
299 products in account
7
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: 9 February, 2017
This game is a 10 for me, put the past week straight into this and just can't put it down. The atmosphere, the writing, the lead characters, even the people you do missions for all have some significance and their own charm. Even the more threatening Templar characters have likable qualities.The gameplay is spot on, best of any AC title to date. The combat is lightning fast, brutal (double, triple and quadra kill animations are all INSANE). Moving around feels right finally, up and down free run, the grappling hook is more a thank you to AC fans, instant gap cover and instant tower climbing (getting Eagle points is a piece of cake). Best of all, it's all optional. Stealth killing is better suited to Evie while heavy combat is Jacob's forte.

Pros
- Victorian London setting
- The Fry Twins (unbelievable dialog and chemistry, simply masterful)
- Strong supporting cast and villains
- Graphics
- building up the rooks
- Beautiful art direction

Cons
-Tiring companion rep grind
- Broken up story
- side activities grow old
- overly simplistic combat
 

Saint Aaron
2,217 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May
𝐈 𝐝𝐨𝐧'𝐭 𝐬𝐢𝐦𝐩 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐧𝐨𝐛𝐨𝐝𝐲, 𝐞𝐱𝐜𝐞𝐩𝐭 𝐄𝐯𝐢𝐞 𝐅𝐫𝐲𝐞
 

Zorrow
420 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: 12 October, 2020
Big Ben.
 

runnin' up that hill
150 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2020
Game crashing and auto closing down after every cut scene, very annoying. For such an old game very surprising to get such a bug. Seriously disappointed.
 

jakub.b
124 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
72.9 hrs on record
Posted: 23 December, 2017
I'm going to recommend this game whilst thinking its not actually very good and here's why:

For me this is a game I turn the sound off to and play while listening to podcasts or something else and mindlessly collect crates and grind to get all the items.

If you've played previous AC games it really doesn't change much apart form perhaps the addition of the grappling hook and change of other items. The open world ubi gameplay is actually amongst the most uninspired I can think of.

Additionally the "save the poor enslaved children to prove how much of an amazing person you are" quests pissed me off. both the design of the buildings they are in and the whole motivation of them was really poorly thought through.

I didn't especially like the 'build your own faction /gang' system and thought it was unnecessary and shoehorned into the
For me this is a game I turn the sound off to and play while listening to podcasts or something else and mindlessly collect crates and grind to get all the items.plot.

The world is quite nice looking and designed nicely in lots of places, but the issue is that the architecture is incredibly repetitive and becomes ubiquitous. Whilst one street or courtyard looks nice it also looks the same as the next.

As a Londoner I feel simultaneously at home with the streets but also irritated by the myriad of inaccuracies and ridiculous stereotypes. As well as the fact my native borough apparently has about 30 houses in it. In fact the size generally annoys me.

It's also fairly buggy with respect to getting caught on stuff or difficulty targeting enemies during fights, and personally I sometimes find the climbing controls annoying.

So onto the less negative stuff:

The lighting and weather effects can combine really well, the sight of a foggy gaslit street at night is lovely.

I really liked the detective DLC, felt better than all the investigating stuff in arkham / witcher games.

Jumping between boats, trains and carriages is quite fun.

The grappling hook is a massive time saver and adds to the general silliness of everything.

Story missions are actually not that bad and I liked both the twins acting and their interactions.

Has a pantomime villain with a fantastic moustache.

Verdict:

I don't think this is a good game, its uninspired buggy and repetitive. Despite all this I still enjoy making a big cuppa tea, listening to something more interesting and jumping about the rooftops of victorian London with a grappling hook and revolver in the rain. Get it on a sale if it goes under a tenner as long as you know that what you're getting isn't amazing.
 

Mi-24
711 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.0 hrs on record
Posted: 9 June, 2019
All we had to do, was follow the damn train, CJ!
 

WeerW3ir
209 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: 21 December, 2021
Underrated game , finished it and its amazing
 

Mouad Atraki
60 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful
104 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January, 2016
Best train , spiderman and spiderwoman simulator
 

量子少年-韶凌
995 products in account
3
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
87.2 hrs on record
Posted: 15 July, 2019
Syndicate suffered badly from the fallout following Unity. Unfortunately, it really doesn't deserve this, as it is potentially one of the most underrated games in the series.

Set in London in the full swing of the Industrial Revolution, you play as either of the Frye twins. This provides a great way to switch up gameplay from the start, as you can play different styles as you so wish. The writing for these two is excellent, almost like a dark humour sitcom. However, overall the plot of the game is relatively weak when compared to the earlier editions. Some of the famous people you meet are interesting, Winston Churchill during the WW1 memories was a particular favourite of mine, but typically they don't really tend to go anywhere - they just end up as plot filler.

London is beautifully crafted, from the finery of Buckingham Palace and Westminster, rat infested slums, huge factories and mills to the bustling Thames river with steam tugs continually plying their trade. It is a great rendition of the period, and alongside the excellent soundtrack it provides a wonderful gameplay environment.

The combat system has been tweaked and is pretty much spot on. Not suffering from the frame rate issues of the previous game it is given a chance to shine and it works well. The exp-based system returns which I really enjoy, as it gives you the feeling of progression as you can methodically work your way up to taking on harder and more complex tasks.

Make no mistake this IS typical, formulaic, pre re-worked Assassins Creed - But I have enjoyed rather alot.
 

WantedEye
134 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
202.5 hrs on record
Posted: 26 September, 2020
The first time AC comes so close to the now time. the story is awesome and that you play as a duo brother and sister is really cool
 

travelplays
317 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.0 hrs on record
Posted: 15 May, 2021
they say online that this is one of the worst assassins creed ever made but in my eyes it is one of my favorites
 

coenrainsbarger
28 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: 13 February, 2016
PROS:
✔Syndicate has no perfomance issues and contains no gamebreaking bugs. A big step forward after disaster of 2014 called Assassin's Creed Unity
✔Designers did their best in recreating London of Victorian Era. City is looking quite alive and historically accurate. And this magnificent views from sync points
✔Concept of two characters is a fresh idea for the franchise. Moreover Evie and Jacob are one of the most interesting characters in the series since Ezio and Haytham. Now take a look at the dull and cliched character of Arno
✔New fight mechanic removes big swords and axes and adding a fast and light weaponry. Combat itself is looking more impressive and playing much faster now
✔Comfortable shooting mechanic. In Unity I can barely hit someting with pistols with such clunky controls. And here shooting mechanics is nice and easy
✔Grapling hook is a blast! Since the buildings are much bigger now, devs added a mean to reach the top of it much faster
✔Assassinate missions are designed in Hitman style. You need to plan your assassination and there are multiple ways to complete your task. I am so glad devs actually returning to the concept of the AC1
✔A lot of working RPG elements. Syndicate has working and balanced levelling system. Compare it to the grind disaster in Unity
✔Music. Austin Wintory did a great job on Syndicate soundtrack. It fits the game perfectly

CONS:
✘Plot is WEAK. Yes, there is a lot of well-written characters here. Look at Frye twins for example. But the story itself feels dull and stupid. Character motivations is unclear and there are a lot of weak spots in this plot. And modern storyline is pathetic
✘Missions are WEAK. Dont get me wrong. They are well done in design terms. But they so dull and unrealistic. Sometimes they just break the whole immersion in the game world
✘Graphics looks downgraded after Unity. But I guess this is a part of optimization

Summary:
If you still feel dissapointed in Assassin's Creed franchise after Unity release, try Syndicate. Of course it is still a pretty standart AC game, nothing unusual. But it is pretty solid though.
 

WolfETPlayer
384 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: 20 December, 2019
Possibly the worst Assassins Creed game in the series.

Why? Well, sure, it may have more "features" or better visuals than older games in the series, yet the utter lack of quality in this game is appalling.

Let's start with the story. The story has no build up whatsoever. No character development. No reason to care at all about anything you do. Other games in the series have made distinct attempts to get you attached to the characters you play as, and reasons to feel a need to stop the main villain. This game has none of that. Right from the start, you're thrown in as the Frye twins, with no goal other than to stop a moustache twirling Templar who wants to control the UK. Nothing is known of this villain. Nothing is known of your heroes. You're just thrown into the dull story. The characters do not help with this either. Historical characters are misrepresented, and everyone in the story seems to be a silly do-gooder, or a moustache twirling bond villain.

Now onto actual gameplay. The gameplay feels like a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ transition between the RPG mechanics of Origins and Odyssey, and the classic AC mechanics of all the prior games. And it shows. It all feels so abrasive and out of place. Furthermore, the world is choked full of repetitive side quests which you must do to "reclaim london" from the templars. These side quests are not fun, and you'll probably have to repeat them many times. The main quests have a bit more variation, but even then, they don't leave you wanting more.

Finally, the visuals. A notable downgrade from AC Unity, the visuals in this game are very disappointing. Whilst not by any means bad, there is no reason that this game should look worse than Assassins Creed: Unity. I expected it would, if anything, look better.

Overall, a terrible story, horrible characters with no development, horrible character tropes repeated through every person you meet in the game, downgraded visuals, lame RPG mechanics, un-engaging combat, and a lame story. Save your money and skip this game. The only reason that anyone might consider purchasing this would be to be "filled in" on the Assassins Creed story, but a youtube video can do that just as well.
 

Barge
299 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
102.5 hrs on record
Posted: 23 February, 2018
This is a fantastic open-world game that is a solid addition to the franchise. The highlights for me were the attention to detail in crafting Victorian London, the quests involving famous Victorian era figures, and the high-quality storytelling. The least interesting aspect to me was the meta-plot behind Abstergo and their latest machinations, but thankfully it doesn't get in the way of the story of Evie's and Jacob's conquest of London through subterfuge and (of course) assassination.

The gameplay seems deceptively simple, as I have come to expect in AC games. However, as you progress through the game the gameplay develops and matures well. There have been some interesting things done with vehicle travel, allowing you to hijack carriages and carts a la Grand Theft Auto. There have also been some incredible additions to vertical movement which I really enjoyed. Vertical movement has always been a strong suit of AC games, but in Syndicate they really take it to the next level.

The character customization leaves a little bit to be desired. You aren't really forced to make any choices, you just eventually earn all the special abilities. Thus there really isn't much point to replaying the game, so I haven't. Even once you have maxed out Evie's and Jacob's abilities, it's still fun to dash around London finding new ways to cause mayhem and chaos or look for hidden treasures.

Overall, it was a fantastic experience. There's a lot in here for fans of story-based and open-world play. The pacing was excellent, the voice-acting was well done, and the characters were intriguing. The game even offers a sort of "choose your own level of challenge" by offering lots of optional objectives which really give you nothing more than the satisfaction of having done them (i.e. a little XP which there is more than enough of).

I had a lot of fun playing this game.
 

Sam The Dagger
40 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
75.7 hrs on record
Posted: 4 November, 2016

I jokingly like to call this game
Saints Row IV-The Fabled Arkam Assassin.

(insert james franco voice)
This is like if that Saints Row met that Arkam knight and they had a baby. And then, meanwhile, that crazy fable3 stuff I had and the Assassins creed unity met and had a baby. And by some miracle, those two babies met and ****** - this would the **** that they birthed.


Game-play: Really great, its so smooth and non-buggy I forget its Ubisoft. The game-play really sells the game for me. Stealth is amazing, You toggle stealth now drawing your hood and allowing you to sneak around it looks and feels awesome! Even though most enemies have set paths they still feel alive and may or may not investigate rather than act like robots. The activities are great I LOVE the fist fighting, I turn this game on a lot of time just to bare knuckle box as Jackob for hours. Combat speed is a tad to fast I wish there was a slider for this. Its not that its hard to keep up wit, the free-flow combat is as great as ever, but at its current speed the animations look cheesy and it takes away from them.

Story wise: If this is your first Assassins creed title or if you never really payed attention to the story of past games you will probably enjoy it. I on the other hand don't enjoy it but it is very entertaining. I'll avoid spoilers but my main hang up with the story is the Templar are outright bad guys for the first time ever as a whole, were In past games they tried to do what they thought was the right thing.

Characters: The fry twins have a love hate relationship with me, I love their style, clothes, and way of thinking. But they joke so much about everything! In every situation almost! It wouldn't be annoying if that characteristic was unique to them but its far from that way. Every other character is sarcastic clown type. Even the modern assassins joke at everything and don't take themselves seriously. The Templar's are often cruel for the sake of being cruel and they dress like nazis, its pandering as all hell and vast contrast to previous assassin creed titles.

Parkour: Is smoother now than ever! To bad you get a grappling hook early on and never have to really use it again. I think the grappling hook should have purchasable uses like the rest of equipment. You leave a wire behind when going from building to building so it would make sense to have limited uses at least when used in that manner It's a childish spamable
mechanic with no real give and take that overlaps the awesome parkour system.
"How do I get up there? Oh just use my batclaw."

Cons: Simple childish banter, story, characters and game mechanics(Unlimited use grappling hook). Pandering bad guys. To much HUD but most of it can be turned off.

Pros: GAME-PLAY really makes the game. Runs smooth, Very few bugs. Beautiful, London is Awesome, Fist fights, Much more interesting/fun stealth system. Parkour is super smooth.

I say a lot of bad things about this game here so why do I recommend? Because this game is amazing at what most people look for in a Assassins Creed title. Stealth game-play is amazing if not the best yet with gratifying assassinations, and super smooth Parkour, Beautiful open world environment with lots to do.
 

Azasel
142 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: 7 May, 2016
+ Awesome graphic, duh!
- Still get crash from time to time

+ Can play either one of the 2 MCs most of the time
+ Really, I can't think any downside of this, their VA are awesome too

+ HQ in a moving train!
- HQ in a MOVING train, there's a fast travel, but still

+ Better mechanics than previous ACs, especially combats
- I missed Black Flag's ship, yeah, you can't control the train

+ Lots of crafting items
- Feels like a pay to win, but not, but yeah, not really, but you know what I mean, Ubisoft

+ A good amount of new system
- The NPCs feels more idiotic than ever

I can't think for anything more, it's AC for christ's sake, whaddya expect? They're starting to be a generic franchise. I say it's better than Black Flag, and definitely way way better than Unity. Buy it? Definitely
 

Van Geaux
413 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: 2 October, 2020
The world is beautiful and the characters are great, but the gameplay is clunky and inelegant. Throughout my playthrough I had difficulty with the controls, the split parkour controls between up and down were awful and I screwed up many a stealth mission by jumping down when I merely meant to drop from a ledge. Ironically, my controls didn't seem to work smoothly until AFTER the very last story mission.
The story's interesting but a lot of the missions weren't. Conquering London quickly gets repetitive and often the only thing that kept me playing was the fact that I just loved moving through this city. It's gorgeous and feels very real, and ziplining along rooftops makes it very easy to travel long distances. I wish they'd added single horses as well as the carriages, it would often make it easier to navigate the streets.
I played most of this game after finishing Origins and Odyssey, and following those two this is a letdown. It's far less sprawling and just overall more forgettable. Play it if you love London and the Victorian era, otherwise skip it.
 

Anahorish
99 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: 9 July, 2016
Assassin’s Creed Syndicate
is 2015’s entry to the popular Assassin’s Creed franchise. With claims that the franchise is growing stale and 2014’s Assassin’s Creed Unity, the franchise needs to win its fans back. Does it, though? As a huge fan of the series who detested ACIII and Unity, I think it did.
TL;DR version at the bottom of the review.

STORY: Set in 19th century industrial London, the story follows the twins Jacob and Evie Frye on their quest to take a mega baddie Templar whose name I totally forgot. Does that say enough about the story? Not really. The story of Assassin’s vs. Templars is getting a bit stale by the 9th entry in the series and the game does not offer anything new in that regard. What it does though is throw us right into the action of that conflict without dragging out the first part of the game by giving us how the twins joined the creed or any backstory. I personally found that a bit refreshing.

Jacob and Evie’s personalities and methods are different. He likes to use brute force and go out with style while she likes to plan ahead and do things discreetly and stealthily. Their banter is one of the highlights of the game’s narrative, I just loved watching the two of them go at it on screen. Their journey to take down the Templars in London makes them cross paths with historical figures such as queen Victoria, Charles Dickens, and Charles Darwin. The two also form a street gang called the Rooks in hopes of battling the Templars’ gang which controls the city.
The game does nothing to progress the modern day story just like Assassin’s Creed titles since Black Flag.
Overall, the story was nothing groundbreaking yet fun to experience with a slightly disappointing ending.

GAMEPLAY: For the first time in the series, you control two characters that you can be switchable at almost any time. Their differences are stark since Jacob is more of a brute that can sustain a great deal of damage while Evie is better suited for stealth missions. The Assassination missions are a highlight in the game. They are grand in scale with a number of ways to achieve the end goal. I think that they can be compared to Hitman Blood Money’s missions though a bit smaller.

Out of all the missions that I played, only one of them was a boring tailing mission! Outside the game’s main missions, there are a plethora of side missions including the 7 districts to liberate from Templar influence. Each district has 4 different kinds of side missions you need to complete in order to liberate said district with a finale consisting of an epic gang war.

As for the movement, the parkour mechanics improve upon those of Unity and they do a great job at it. Free running has two dedicated buttons now; one takes you up while the other one takes you in the opposite direction. This new system is great, but only when it works. I found myself having to climb all the way down a building and climbing back up just get over a small gap thanks to the lack of a jump feature. Yes, you cannot jump since there isn’t a dedicated command to do so. The new rope launcher is a welcome addition to the series and is actually one of my favorite gadgets. It makes traversing the streets of London faster and more fun. Think of yourself as a 19th century Spiderman. Drivable carriages were also a welcome addition since the city is so large (30% larger than Unity’s Paris). I did find one odd thing about climbing, though, it feels as if the player can only move in a grid because sometimes I would try to climb certain objects that were normally climbable in previous AC games but couldn’t as Jacob (or Evie) would just skip them and go over them.
Combat is finally fun to play and not only to watch! Much needed improvements were made to the combat which makes it fast, fluid, and most importantly, fun. The brutal combat animations make Jacob and Evie look as badass as they dress.

It is important to note that the game is the first Assassin’s Creed title not to feature any form of multiplayer since Assassin’s Creed Brotherhood. To be honest, I don’t really miss it.

GRAPHICS: The game is beautiful to gawk at. The busy streets of London feel alive with carriages, workers, children, merchants and all sorts of people roaming around. Gang wars also come to life with two dozens of NPCs battling it out while you mow them down with great combat animations and executions. Facial animations were also great except the weird and quirky facial animations of gang members. Location wise, London itself is a good location for an Assassin’s Creed title, but I feel that the European locations are growing a bit stale since I feel that they are mostly the same.

AUDIO: Voice acting is superb that, especially Jacob and Evie’s which makes their banter even more enjoyable. Music is atmospheric and fits the game. Other than that it isn’t as memorable as ACII’s or Revelations’.

TL;DR:
Pros:
Great characters
Great assassination missions
Fun self-contained story
Fun, exciting combat
Good parkour mechanics
The rope launcher
Beautiful city
Cons:
Disappointing ending
A few weird choices with the parkour system
Forgettable villain
Zero advancements in the modern day story
Overall, Assassin’s Creed Syndicate is a solid new entry in the franchise that is better treated as an individual game since it does nothing to advance the overall Assassin’s Creed story arc. The game features improved combat and parkour and a fun, self-contained story.

8/10
 

Sala6a
1,365 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.2 hrs on record
Posted: 7 February, 2018
the setting is pretty good and the world in this game is beautiful.

let's start....

good thing:
-grappling hook is fun to use
-ps4/xbox one full controller support (Very good)
-combat is fun
-Beautiful enviroment
-Beautiful Graphic
-nice Combat animation
-Side mission has cutscene (i love cutscene)
-Voice acting is pretty good
-love the idea where you can change the playeble character like GTA 5
-the animation is good
-horse car

bad thing:
-alot of character looks the same
-Blurry Anti aliasing
-the story start slow but it get better
-sometime texture can be blurry even in ultra setting

score: 8.2/10
Buy it now, Wait for sales= wait for sales , so you can get the season pass for a cheap price , Jack the ripper dlc is really good

PS: This game optimazation is far more better than unity.
 

⛧Ðiokaza⛧
497 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 April, 2019
well, this was an interesting game in terms of new mechanics. The combat system is different than the usual AC and takes some time to get used to. The skill tree system is also new and, to be honest, I liked that. The graphics as usual are fantastic, the models of the building, street life, etc.. is really well done. Now there are a few issues such as crashes to desktop for no reasons, glitches in the graphics which causes issue in some of the cut scenes. The controls are at times clunky. In terms of performance, I could go ultra on the graphics but tone down the anti aliasing as it really killed the frame rate. The story is, well, blend. I liked the characters and taking control of the gangs in London but the main story was not great. The side missing with Charles Dickens, Karl Marx, or Darwin were more interesting. This game also seems more of a one of and does not really link to any of the other AC. Overall, I would still recommend it as it brings a new life in the series and also shows the way to a new play style.
 

Ghost
191 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2018
Extremely mediocre iteration of AC. Characters aren't well fleshed out and the stories are emotionally confused. I can't tell whether the twins are married or brother and sister half the time by the way they nag and bicker. Most of the activities are pretty dull and repetitive, which would be ok if this did anything to move the series along. You can skip this one as far as I'm concerned. Seems like it was written by someone who had contempt for England or was simply bored with it themselves. Cameo characters like Darwin, Marx and Graham-Bell might as well be extra character one, two and three for all the story they add to the game. Overall pretty disspointing addition to the series. Hope they do better next time, and for ♥♥♥♥'s sake, do something with the meta story already. Wrap it up or have the decency to reboot it. Skip this one.
 

Betelgeuse
1,286 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 September, 2017
First impressions: Combat is a mix of hit em enough and they die & i'm a boss killing everything with one hit. It's not that great if you ask me.

First hour of story: Cool, just in the beginnig, but I like the style.

Lay of the land: Cool! like the feel!

NPC People: I'm not saying that women shouldn't lead gangs, but when almost every gang leader is a female and all the pawns are men, it makes you wonder if the devs overstated their point.

Movement: It's not as crisp as I'd like, but it's not bad.

Outfits: Dank. (Still can't bring myself to say dope)

Controls: The standerd AC style. I prefer a more crisp style, but it's still not that bad.

Expectations vs Reality: The Industrial Revolution feel is all the way there, but agian, the lack of crispness in controls destracts me. I did expect that though, so I would say it's well made.

How I feel while playing: I do not feel like a boss, which I'm good with, and I don't feel like I have no health. I feel more like a guy used to playing games with a PS4, and then playing a game on XBox. The coolness is there, just I'm not used to the controls, so I can't preform to the max.

What I wish was diffrent: Hands down the controls. Make everything more responsive and crisp, and then make the combat easier to grasp.

What I like: The enviroment, the story, the assassin awesomeness, and the outfits. (They really did a good job with the outfits, they really caught my eye.)

Everything I just said lumped together into a couple of numbers seprated by a dash: 7.4/10

Great game, "unique" controls.
 

Ex:Re
316 products in account
3
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: 15 May
I didn 't like the beginning of the game, but when you go to London, there' s actually quite a story
I recommend it
 

Veky
68 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: 2 August, 2020
batman
 

Peeposad
14 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
196.0 hrs on record
Posted: 24 February, 2021
Brilliant game , usual Assassins gameplay , but the amazing creation of Victorian London make it truely stand out.
 

gary.baldock
100 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 September, 2018
In comparison to AC: Unity syndicate makes you forget (almost) all the bad things that occured in unity with not so broken controls and fluid movement dynamics. The story was quite alright, and bringing back the idea of recruiting allies into your ranks and being able to use them for either distractions or help brings back memories since AC: brotherhood so I'm thankful for that. The classic gadgetry was fun to use. I do recommend this game because it brings back almost all the things you loved from the past games and nothing bad about Unity.
 

Androshi
91 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
136.2 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
Brief review after 6 hours: It's great. The Victorian era is one of my favorite historical settings and AC's London does it justice. Even if the story ends up being terrible (it's fine so far, and has a decent amount of humor to boot), the city is magnificent and I'm really impressed with the number of moving parts--boats, carriages, trains, factory machinery, and so forth.

Important note: if you have a graphics card with only 2 GB VRAM (I have a 2 GB Nvidia 960), it might be worth your while to try going over the memory threshold shown on the graphics options screen. When I tried this with GTA V, the game stuttered, but when I try this with AC: Syndicate, the game shrugs and says "Eh, why not." Of course there are limits, but with a little experimentation I was able to get the game to run very smoothly and still show textures that aren't blurry messes (which they are on Low). Maybe Ubisoft sandbagged it a little to avoid a deluge of complaints. Whatever the reason, it's worth fiddling with the settings.

Edit: Additional technical info: playing at 1920x1080, Intel i7-4790K @ 4 GHz.

Updated info after 70 hours: Well, I'm getting close to finishing the story missions and everything I said above still holds. Since I've already said plenty of nice stuff about the game, here I would like to point out a few nitpicks.

Muted outfit colors: The in-game outfit artwork shows vivid reds and dark blacks, but the actual colors you can use with your outfit are toned down. This is the Victorian era, friends, let us get fancy.

Helix credits: I don't mind paying for good DLC, but Helix credits seem like a raw deal, particularly since they only buy things that should be covered by difficulty sliders. It's as though you bought a calculator but had to pay extra to use the trig functions. It wouldn't be so bad if you got a lot of them for a couple bucks, I guess, but these prices are eye-popping and jaw-dropping. So I haven't bought any.

Mission glitch: I found one mission (going slumming, literally, with a wealthy lady) would not complete properly for me--the game would freeze with a perpetual "saving" icon when the mission ended. It turns out you need to get her home before she stops talking. Easy enough to get around once you look up a workaround on the Internet, but it really should work properly.

Typefaces: Overall, the typefaces you'll see on in-game signage are what you'd want and expect, but there are a couple signs in there that were apparently designed in Microsoft Word using whatever font was handy, and whenever I see one it's like finding a 1979 penny in my pocket and being rudely yanked back into modernity.

Still, it's a great game all in all.

Update after 82 hours: There is a really annoying bug on replays of kidnapping and Templar hunting missions: the game may fail the mission immediately after loading it. Then it will reload, and maybe it will work or maybe it will fail again. It seems to load properly eventually, but I've seen it reload 4 or 5 times before working. Annoying. Then again this is the first Assassin's Creed game where I've been motivated to go back and replay missions to complete all the side requirements, so I guess I'll just have to hope they patch it.
 

Gughunter
647 products in account
7
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.2 hrs on record
Posted: 3 April, 2018
First I love AC and was hooked by Ezio on II and III. To be honest I am not a gamer person but an older man who loves history so the intense historic world where these games take place is a true pleasure! I had left the series for a few years and came back to it with AC Origins...What a fantastic game! It is nice that UBISOFT apparently recognized that there are other people who may want to play the game that do not have the dexterity of 20 year old’s so the actually allowed you to pick levels (EASY to Hard). I was able to complete the games main story as well as the DLC's and am now enjoying the Discovery part of Ancient Egypt.

Since I was finished with Origins I decided to get the previous game AC Syndicate. I loved the whole concept of Victorian London as I live in a Victorian house in real life and love the period in history and the industrial revolution was remaking society.

There are many positive aspects of the game including the beautiful recreation of London, the unique use of gangs, the rope slings (like Spiderman!) and the immersive aspects of the game..I thought the train hideout was fun and the storyline was good. I really liked the Freye twins too! Henry Greene was a good go-between and the Maharajah and Jack the Ripper DCL were good additions. I also liked the crime solving stories...

Here is what I hated!!!!

Driving a carriage...ANYWHERE! ESPECIALLY AS INTEGRAL PARTS OF THE MISSIONS!!! I use a PC and I literally could not steer the carriage properly no matter how I tried!!! Why can't I be able to ride a single horse!!!!

And let's not talk about so called timed missions...WTF Since I can't drive the carriage I never make it...However, I did note with relief that the mission became easier and easier the more times you did it so you could eventually complete it without being trapped in a perpetual to do loop! In AC Origins timed missions where almost gone thank God!

Anyway, overall I would rate Syndicate a solid 7 with a AC Origins a 10+.

 

choelzer
42 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: 10 September, 2016
Badass Game, smooth gameplays, But still with a litte Ubisoft buggy traditions.
Overall 8.5/10
 

۞CLAUDIA۞
78 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.4 hrs on record
Posted: 20 June
Nice assassin
 

𝐄𝐯𝐢𝐥 死んでいる
31 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
74.1 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January, 2020
I'm a huge fan of Victorian setting in games so a game from the AC universe in this time period was something I really enjoyed. Controlling 2 main characters with different skill sets and playstyles was fun and a nice change of pace from previous games. A huge map to explore with a huge sweep of activities and fun locations made this AC game a treat to experience from start to finish.
 

Scarecrow
381 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.1 hrs on record
Posted: 31 August, 2021
Victorian Era London is a beautiful setting for an Assassin's Creed game. I believe Syndicate is an underrated installment in the series. Both Evie and Jacob Frye are fun to play as and the missions are quite enjoyable. This is the last "OG" Assassin's Creed game before Ubisoft took it into the RPG genre with Origins, so it actually feels like an Assassin's Creed game. 10/10 highly recommend!
 

Vsrq
96 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: 5 May, 2020
The world! Just the world alone makes me give this game a positive review. Most of the times I just kind of zip around looking at the neighborhoods, the buildings, and just stunning scenery. One of my favorite periods. Everyone dressed so nice, even the poor people!. But yeah the story was pretty boring, and combat lackluster, but all in all still decent enough to get through.
 

Keg
397 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.6 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2021
Taking place closest in history to us, the game takes place in Victorian England following the Frye twins and their goal of taking back control of London from Templar hands, following the assassination of Edward Kenway years earlier. Having a unique opportunity to play as two different people, switching from one to another in a matter of a second, the game gives us two different perspectives from the same side, one that abides by the Creed and follows in her father's footsteps focusing on the Piece of Eden, and the other swaying away from his sister's goal to take matters into his brawling hands by forming a gang to take down Templar lieutenants, crippling their control. Gang members act in the similar way as Assassin recruits did in some previous games, helping protagonists in a more direct way rather than from the shadows.
The twins give a fresh approach to the otherwise single main charater, each with their own views of the world and how to approach and solve certain problems. Evie is charming, eager to help, while Jacob just as charming is more playful in his approach, not taking himself or the problems around him too seriously, but fully aware they are.

Traversing London's 4 to 5-story buildings is made easier by the new gadget, the rope launcher, making reaching the tops of buildings a breeze, as well as quickly "hopping" from one rooftop to the next. Another new gadget is the introduction of the voltaic bomb which, similar to the smoke bomb, incapacitates enemies but also damages them as well.
A welcome return to the franchise are the whistle and for PC players a mouse wheel as a method for cycling through weapons, both having been removed in Unity, with takedown opportunities continuing in Syndicate. The looting of bodies also gets a boost, having been severely nerfed in Unity, giving more consumables and reducing the need to shop after or during missions.
There are 3 different weapon types to use, kukri, cane-swords & knuckles, offering 3 different styles of combat to pick from, as well as firearms and Assassin gauntlets. There are plenty of styles to acquire, some requiring crafting, each offering different stats, most notably belts for Jacob and capes for Evie offering defense and stealth points, and their various outfits stat boosts. The cost of weapons and outfits is in the realm of affordability, yet another welcome change from Unity, and making money to purchase them comes in the form of pubs' income that needs to be unlocked under gang upgrades, which is then easily picked up from the train's vault, as well as various side missions generously providing another income.

The hideout this time around is a moving train that circles the entire playable London area that can be easily boarded and disembarked at any moment, climbed on top for a more adventurous travelling experience and even sight see from within the train with an option to change camera angles and view London from unique perspectives.

Similar to Unity's helix glitches that take place in different time periods, one of Syndicate's optional memories takes place during World World I, taking place years after the events of the main game, the short story following Jacob's granddaughter Lydia helping Winston Churchill with the enemy threat on home soil.

Syndicate DLCs offer more in term of extra missions, weapons and outfits, one of which brings back murder mysteries from Unity while playfully introducing the creator of one of the most famous detectives in The Dreadful Crimes DLC.
Jack the Ripper DLCs however, gives us an Assassin's Creed's take on the famous serial killer that terrorized Victorian London, by offering a connection between the Assassins and the Ripper. Taking place 20 years after the main story we once again get to play as Evie as she returns to London looking for her brother after his disappearance, but getting to play a few short missions as the Ripper himself as well. His perspective is so unusually different, fitting perfectly with his maniacal persona, and playing as him satisfies that dark parts of ourselves we sometimes like to peer into. The DLC also introduces the fear element into the story and combat, and although fun to use and play around with, it somewhat defeats the purpose of being an Assassin if taking down enemies is not by assassinating them. It's a fun, innovative way of subduing enemies and an ideal tactic that should've only be used by the Ripper himself.

As the last true Assassin's Creed game in the franchise it's nostalgic looking back at how far the franchise has come, accomplishing so much by each new title, expanding on the gameplay mechanics and the connecting story from the very first to this last game. Syndicate is a strong addition to the rest of the titles that by the ending of the Ripper DLC creates a sense of sadness as we say goodbye to a long journey where we followed so many Assassins throughout the game's history that helped shape the world and its future, unsure if we'll ever get to take similar journeys again. Even the modern day part ends in the same vein, leaving us on a cliffhanger not knowing what the future will bring. Regardless of the changes waiting down the line we'll always be able to go back to 9 games that made us all Assassins by the end.

Requiescat in pace.
 

Zaichi
52 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: 28 October, 2020
Excellent world, beautiful art. Horrible controls, bunches of bugs and movement glitches. Terrible game design choices in terms of control schemes, difficulty, mission design, and so on. The only thing that keeps me coming back to finish the story is the world design. I do feel quite immersed into late 19th century London, so they nailed that. I just cannot stand failing a mission because my character jumped in the complete wrong direction, or dropped someone in front of a carriage instead of putting them inside one, or many of the other errors that could have easily been avoided in a better designed game.

AI behavior is extremely inconsistent. You can murder someone right in front of them and they won't ever see you. Other times you can fling a knife from a rooftop 20 meters away and they'll immediately initiate combat and bring the whole gang with them. Your own gang ally members can sometimes run into an area while you're sneaking around doing your assassin things, and initiate combat with enemies, sometimes causing you to fail optional objectives, or causing kidnap targets to run away. There is no way to tell your allies to stay away. You only get to watch as your targets are meddled with by a stupid AI.

Combat is extremely frustrating. You can attack lightning fast about 4 times in a row, and then suddenly your character refuses to move for a good 2 seconds to leave an opening for the enemy to hit back. If you're fighting a group of enemies, it will throw 3 different button queues at you at a time. You can not do anything in this situation because if you press 1, you miss the other 2 and take damage and most likely stagger as well, where another couple enemies might attack you again. Enemies have the ability to block, which requires a heavy attack to break their defense. If you hit them with a light attack, they will stagger you and hit you back. That's fine and fair, however it takes a million years to pull off a heavy attack, during which you can be attacked by other enemies. Also, enemies can start to block while you're in the middle of attacking them, so they get a cheap deflect since there's no way to cancel your attacks. There really should have been a dodge/roll button that can be used at any time in combat. During combat, your camera is locked down below a certain angle. If there is a sniper above the fight, you are simply NOT ALLOWED to look up at them to do something about it. Despite, you know, the main gimmick of this game being a GRAPPLE HOOK, and the fact that you have a gun for just such a thing. Speaking of which, you are completely unable to manually aim your gun during combat. The aim button isn't even used for anything else in combat!!! Why the hell can't you still aim if you want to???

Also, speaking of the grapple, it does make traversal much nicer than having to climb up and down repetitively. It's a little clunky, but it can be forgiven because you're not supposed to be Spiderman, you're supposed to be a 19th century assassin. The major problem with it is you cannot aim where you want to fire the grapple. You have to completely rely on the contextual auto-aim by looking around. I cannot tell you how many times I've looked straight forward at a roof in front of me, but Jacob or Evie TURN AROUND and grapple up onto the building behind me. That wouldn't have happened if I was allowed to manually aim to which ledge I wanted to go to.

I really wanted to like this game. Somewhere within, there is a really good game. It's just buried under the layers of terrible, contextual controls and shoddy AI. I am really hoping Origins improves upon these things.
 

Pug
262 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
65.0 hrs on record
Posted: 20 July, 2020
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is a great game and Victorian London looks just amazing! Jacob and Evie Frye are likeable characters and the combat runs more smooth. You can use the Rope Launcher to move faster and when you have problems you can hire gangs. The side activities like fist fighting and robberies are entertaining.
The PC version is optimized and runs well. Recommended!
 

Jones
201 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.0 hrs on record
Posted: 15 April, 2017
this is the very first AC game I have played and let me tell you, it's a hell of a blast. The graphics are overwhelmingly impressive, somewhat an upgrade from Unity, the free-running is more smooth and fluid, and the environment is definitely "living and breathing", as promised from the very first Assassin's Creed game. The story takes place in London, during the Industrial Revolution, with new allies like Alexander Graham Bell, etc. Not sure if this is the first AC game wherein you can switch characters in-game but I have to say, this was a really good choice. Jacob and Evie have different expertise, Jacob being more confrontational, and Evie, of course, stealthier. The ability of leading a group of rebels, the Rooks, to aid you in fighting, transporting, and supplying is something unique that adds the opportunities that this game can offer. With the help of Aleck, you have access to a never-seen-before tool mechanism in AC, a rope launcher. It's like Spiderman, but in 1868. Your main weapon is cane-sword, which is a perfect marriage of aesthetics and deadliness Side activities like carriage racing, fight clubs, and gang wars creates a unique blend of replayability. 100% recommend this game. Pick this up on sale. Never full-price.

PROS:
- Evie
- Rope Launcher
- Fight Clubs
- Cane-swords

CONS:
- protectors
- horses
- birds
- children
 

L3g4cy.
12 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 March, 2018
Trains, Carriages, Gang Wars, and Funny Twins in the Victorian Era
– 8/10 (Satisfying)

Nothing too special but it's fun... that's why.
And oh, there are ships as well! But only as platforms for you to cross the Thames...

AC: Sydicate is a well done Assassin's Creed game. The story is humorous, entertaining, and good on its own. The main characters are well designed. Gameplay is more fluid, more streamlined and is what the series was famous for, a good and fun Action Open World game full of side activities and things to do. And it's set in the 19th-century London.

The attention to detail is great when it comes to re-creating the digital version of Victorian London. It is just impressive how accurate most of the in-game landmarks are. All in all, even though the story is not linked to any other games anymore, I'd recommend this for sure.
 

ZERBERUSZERMATT
806 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.0 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2021
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
✅ Easy
🔲 Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~
🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics dont matter in this game
✅ Good
🔲 Beautiful

~ MUSIC ~
🔲 Bad
✅ Not special
🔲 Good
🔲 Eargasm

~ STORY ~
🔲 This game has no story
✅ Like playing Temple Runners for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Epic story

~ PRICE ~
🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
✅ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~
🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
✅ High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~
🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
✅ Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
🔲 No ending

~ FUN ~
🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
✅ Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~
✅ It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~
🔲 No
✅ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes

----------------

Assassin's Creed Syndicate is quite simply the most disappointing Assassins Creed game in the series, and for quite a few reasons. While the visuals are good and the setting within a huge industrious city is impressive, this game falls short in every other way of any previous game. Graphics and controls are better in unity. Story is better in literally any previous game. Weapons and combat are better in all the other games. Vehicles are terrible. Skills and levels are pointless and the gang system is incredibly expensive. This game feels more like a 'Beat 'em up' than an Assassins Creed game, and it is by far the biggest let down.
The Story is terrible - if there even was a story. You play as Jacob and Evie Frye, as they embark on a mission to track down a Precursor Artifact and free London from the Templars. That's it. For 18 hours. You accomplish this by playing many side missions and going on as many wild goose chases as possible, making gameplay incredibly boring. The area takeover missions are dull and repetitive, and in the end pointless. In the end the two characters run off into the distance and it feels like you haven't actually experienced a story at all... was the whole story just a prologue? Sure felt like it. And the Characters have no development at all. Jacob stays a brash, thoughtless kid who runs around doing whatever he wants, and just feels empty, while Evie is always the caring one but never learns to take action sometimes.
Graphics are nice, but honestly feel like a downgrade from Unity. While London is much larger and far more dense, the cost of losing these visuals just don't seem worth it.
Gameplay has been massively simplified to the point where the game baby-feeds you all sorts of new gadgets and skills that you'll never end up using. The points-based skill system is interesting as it actually lets you develop as a player, but can be annoying if you just want to level up but placed the wrong points in another area. Combat is the worst it has ever been. Sure it changed in Unity, but this is ridiculous. The game has become more of a 'Punching Sim', where I can stab someone 6 times and they still somehow have enough willpower and blood to counter and and defend themselves? Yeah sure, thanks Ubisoft.
Overall, Assassins Creed Syndicate feels like its supposed to be a different game, with completely new combat and a bizarre story that feels like it was mangled just to fit the Assassins Creed overall story. The one good part of this game is the grapple. My god, it made the whole game at least enjoyable for climbing. To bad they downgraded the parcour system they perfected in Unity to make climbing buildings without the grapple pure pain.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate gets a 2/10.

For more reviews check my Steam profile
Hope you enjoyed my review, god bless you
 

Edwabeng
239 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January
easily best AC
 

iyasluna
65 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: 18 May, 2017
"A letter... for me?"
 

ntn
234 products in account
1
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: 26 April, 2016
I would never call myself a superfan of Assassins Creed; i have a curse where I have to buy them yearly, but I have only finished one in the entire series; Assassins Creed 2. I usually put about 10 hours into each one then quit from having too much ♥♥♥♥ to do on the map.

Unity really turned me off of the games and I vowed to quit. Well, that vow lasted about 4 months after Syndicate came out and it was on sale and I bought it, thinking I was going to regret it.

Boy was I wrong.

This game is amazing. It's going to be the second Assassins Creed game I ever beat because it is just so full of charm and fun. Gone is the frustrating missions, and Evie and Jacob are just a joy to play as. They're not terrible people who murder and steal for no reason. The city itself is amazing and the graphics are insane if you can run it.

I can't speak highly of this game enough. Sure it's another Assassins Creed game, but if you haven't played the series in a while then get this one. Ziplining makes traversel so so so so so much more easier and fun. The cameos are charming and the missions are fun.
 

Methodis
459 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
144.1 hrs on record
Posted: 20 February, 2017
This was my first AC game ever and I enjoyed it a lot. Unfortunately, that means I can't compare it to the others at all, but I love the Victorian setting and the game mechanics. I didn't find it overly-complicated to control or understand after a very short learning curve.
It was the kind of game that I wracked up 75 hours playing in a matter of weeks, which is pretty heavy for me. I even found the "repetitive" side-missions fun. I liked slowly conquering the city. It reminded me of the Mad Max game.

My only criticisms:
- I preferred playing as Evie, but they kept forcing me to play as Jacob for the story missions.
- The Jacob and Evie story didn't have a particularly strong ending. It's was slightly anti-climatic for me.
- I had no idea what was going on with the larger AC story outside of Jacob and Evie. I can only assume that having to summarize events with every new game would be annoying to most players who have undoubtedly been keeping up with the series, so not really a big deal there.
 

maozkov
622 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
62.5 hrs on record
Posted: 15 October, 2020
This franchise comes up with a new game nearly every year.
Played them all till Syndicate year to date.
Ubisoft showed already that they can bring a game with excellent graphs, music and fantastic settings.
Stealth, sand box, interesting characters and so on.
I spend around 60 hours in game trying to find all items.
Just like EA sports with the FIFA serie, there are editions which are somehow less good or show a stand still.
Missions are rather easy and side missions are repetitive.
It felt more like a never ending tutorial.
For newcomers to recommend, for old assassin bastards like me it is a so so experience
 

Commodore 64
147 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
532.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
Pros:
-Being able to have your own gang and give them upgrades
-New tech like trains and revolvers
-Carriges are a fun way to get around
-Open world is very interesting
-It runs better than Unity
-you can switch characters
-interesting side activities
Cons:
-The story and narrative is lackluster, it is not as strong as the older titles. When I first finished this game in May 2016 (the pros of this review are pretty much the same as when I first wrote it in November 2015, it is the cons that have changed), I liked the story, but editing this review in 2020, I gave it way more credit than it deserved. It was corny, that goes for all the main characters, as they all represent simple personalities for most of the game, and just as It is superficially Assassin's Creed, because while the story has all the traditional elements, a big bad Templar and his goons you need to assassinate, with a piece of Eden macguffin involved, the story lacks heart and soul, it does not give you enough reason to care or be invested until , which is not good enough because the story beforehand did not develop up to there properly. This game had the potential for a great narrative and cast of characters, they could have done it if they just took longer. If they want to learn how to write enjoyable stories, they need only look to the Ezio Trilogy of Assassin's Creed Games.

Another problem is while the open world is overall good, it can feel dead in places. The London Stories, where you do side missions for famous historical figures who were in London at the time, were great. The gang-activities however, have their fun parts, but since most of them are just copies of each other, with only the kidnapping missions have unique dialogue, they get stale fast. There are far less buildings you can go inside than the previous game, Assassin's Creed Unity. There are plenty of skyscrapers in the City of London, barrack-like apartments for factory workers in Southwark, and upscale penthouses in Westminster, and they look like such a natural and realistic part of the Victorian open world, but you cannot go into them, interact with them, or get a quest from people inside them, or as I should say, the overwhelming majority of them, I would say ninety percent, and this kills the immersion.

This game had a great and mostly enjoyable open world with plenty of fun things to do, but heavily fell short when it comes to an enjoyable narrative and world depth. It was good but not great. Final verdict: 7/10
 

Holden Ennis
56 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 March
I do not understand why no one likes this game. The setting is awesome the combat IS a little repetitive but the fact that you can do basically anything you want makes up for the combat. the parkour is amazing, the styles of outfits are cool . I have to point out how everyone says the micro-transactions ruin the game, but if you choose to spend no money, it gets rid of that problem. You can achieve everything and get almost every item in the game with patients and no money.
 

yoshimoshi
43 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4,946.7 hrs on record
Posted: 16 January, 2016
just cause 3 + tavvuran skill + assasin = this game
 

Boni 🌀
418 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2018
I'm a big fan of the assassin creed franchise but this game personally for me is 50/50. The world and the graphics is detailed and the city of London in Victorian times is most definately captured. Nice follow along from the previous game with the correct links throughout the game. The protagonists were interesting. Jacob I did prefer of the two, his dialogue was very witty and sarcastic which I enjoyed. The story was ok. Some of the mission were generic "creed" missions and sometimes it felt like a chore to complete the rest of the story. I did finish it nontheless.

Overall, this games environment really appealed to me but the story didn't really excite or interest me that much. I would still recommend this game though, grab it in the sale and try it out yourself.

7 / 10
 

Mershy
348 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: 23 May, 2020
I love all AC games, many people dislike Unity and Syndicate for some reason, i do not!
Unity does have many flaws, mainly when it come to random bugs and controller issues, they are mostly solved in Syndicate, controllers are way better this time around but in my opinion the graphics were better in Unity. This game it's fun to play, i enjoy the story. The twins balance each other, Jacob just want to go in and stab people and blow stuff up while Evie wants to keep close to the creed tenants and be silent but deadly! I enjoy every second of this game and if some people don't that is totally ok! I take it for what it is! just a game!
 

alvinjoy
373 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
46.2 hrs on record
Posted: 25 October, 2017
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the story of this AC was really bad. Nothing makes sense.
It's basically about two Assassins that for some reason decide not to listen to the Order. Apparently the Order doesnt care, because they never get mentioned.
These two Assassins start literally terrorizing the city of London, making gangs and breeding gang wars. Both do ♥♥♥♥ ups all the time and their actions don't make sense. Jacob let's himself get used a few times and he just seems to not care, and it didn't make sense he helped those who used him in the first place.
The templars are not templars, but just villains. They went from "We need humanity's submission for their own good, to create order and lead them towards greatness" to "Har har, artifact? We want it, because reasons! WE KILL EVERYBODY IN OUR WAY har har!!!!!"
And the ending was soooo pathetic. I literally laughed at the final rendered scene. It was just so bad.

The mechanics are really really fleshed out though and London is a MASTERPIECE! Seriously, if it weren't for that terrible story and logic it would be an amazing and beautiful game. It had ALL the potential to be on The Witcher 3 level, but the story lacked in every way.
 

Spin
149 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2019
I find Syndicate being pretty disappointing, especially after playing Unity.

The only couple of things I can really call improvements are the aiming system and the corpse carrying, which in my opinion is pretty basic for a stealth game.

The rest of it, I don't like it one bit:
the combat system looks goofy and exaggerating just like an anime;
the new "sneak" system is terrible for both aesthetic and practical reasons: first of all, I hate how I can only wear the hood while sneaking around; plus they got rid of the cover input, making it an automatic feature as long as you're in proximity of a wall or a breaking LoS prop. This is bad, as it's not accurate and doesn't let the player actually lock into a cover for a more precise approach and tactic.
 

EZ
128 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.0 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2020
the game felt really satisfying when playing it
 

Nitro
21 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2021
You can paint yourself as the coolest assassin but nothing can save you from your big sister or from the bobby with his Bonk Baton.
 

miss Hester Mofet
351 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
105.8 hrs on record
Posted: 7 May, 2018
This is a GREAT Assassins Creed, If you like any of the Assassins Creed story you must play this one! Plus 106 hours or so and the game never crashed on me!!
 

☆ phяeak ☆
182 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: 9 May, 2020
Evie is very gorgeous to me
 

Rystat
108 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
58.2 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January, 2021
This must sound crazy, but I got into Syndicate after playing a fair bit of Odyssey and Origins. I've had my fun with huge open-world maps brimming with quests, but Assassin's Creed was never meant to be that game.

LONDON is just glorious and comes alive in a lot of ways. I'm still marveled by the trains that never stop running. And that you can plop yourself on top of one and get a jolly ride with a view. Fortunately, I experienced zero bugs. The graphics were a hoot with some really beautiful lighting at dawn and dusk. And I keep thinking, why do I need an entire map of Greece when I can have ONE well laid-out city with a lot of hidden surprises and monuments to explore.

AC:Syndicate really harkens back to what I call the controlled independence. You still can go everywhere and start certain quests at random, but there's no way to "fail" a quest. The Animus kicks you out and puts you back to the last checkpoint. There are no choices to make, only a illusion of them. Well you can choose how you want to approach an assassination, but that's about it.

At this point, the present-day story is pretty much a dud and is just there because I think Ubisoft doesn't think it can throw it away entirely. What started out as a nice framing device with Desmond is now in a rubble. I was hoping something interesting might happen at the end but to no avail. All in all, get it if you really miss the Assassin's Creed of yore.

P.S. I can't be the only one to hate naval combat, so I didn't miss that at all here!!
 

hurdygurdy11
49 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: 29 August, 2017
Recovering from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was Assassin's Creed Unity was surprising. I still however, feel a large disconnection from the story. Being called "initiate" barely allows you to create a relationship with the character outside of the animus as opposed to the Desmond era (the past few games I felt like this). However the story inside the animus is fluid, exciting and feels good.

Beautiful world, fluid combat.

Con - I hate the grappling hook. Feel like it destroys a key element of Assassin's Creed.
Nonetheless I enjoyed this game.
 

Cyanide
247 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: 22 July, 2018
Highly recommended as a great AC game for both fans and newcomers
It's in the top list along with AC2, Brotherhood and Black Flag :)

+ stealth works well and there are multiple options for you
+ funny main characters, genuinly likeable
+ you get to play twins, brother and sister Frye
+ customization options, skill tree, unlocks for your gang
+ collectibles finally have meaning and are usefull
+ small missions in the open world, traversal with rope hook
+ main missions give you unique options how to complete them
+ music and graphics are good quality, almost bug free game
+ minimum of interference from futuristic Animus

- ending was strange
- I haven't really used my gang at all, there was no point
- during missions game doesn't show you optional objectives, you have to press Esc to view them
 

Tripfy
643 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.2 hrs on record
Posted: 26 December, 2016
Disappointing to see this game go under purely because of Unity's reputation. I REALLY enjoyed this, and don't want to see the franchise go under.

This is an overall really great game.
 

Enstage
514 products in account
4
5 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: 14 June
Pip pip and cheerio.
 

SimplyNova420
105 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.2 hrs on record
Posted: 18 May, 2018
This game is so refreshing after forcing feeding my self Unity. The combat in this game is much smoother, and faster paced like the 2 and 4. I honestly think this game is as good or very close to AC4. I put 4 just behind 2. They did a fantastic job designing London and surroundings. The characters are interesting from the start, and even the side missions are fun. I love what they did with the grapple gun and throwing knives! Even the side quests are fun and makes you want to see everything the game has to offer. In fairness to above comments, I have not played Origin yet, but I have played previous games set aside the side scrollers. This feel very good for a AC game, and has brought back the atmosphere of how a AC game should feel. The game is much better optimized than Unity was as well!
 

Hevoc
223 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: 2 October, 2017
I have mixed feelings about this. Gameplay and missions can be a lot of fun, but also they repeat the same style way too much, "go here kill this guy if killed this way get extra reward"

Main "questline" is interesting, and does not repeat the same style as much. Characters are good, and their stories are interesting. I like that you can play as 2 different assassins, who can favor different playstyles, because they have different skilltrees and inventories.

"Parkour" element that Assassin's creeds are famous for, feels really good and the grappling hook is a really nice addon, and fits the game well.

Horse carriages are horrible tho. I play mostly with a controller, where they are easier to control but AI traffic really makes it impossible to travel well with these vechiles. Only if there would be a way to move just slightly slower with them would be good.

It's a moderate game, not the best I have played, but I like it and would recommend, to pick this up from a sale.
 

User213892312
236 products in account
1
103 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
57.8 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
I have an GTX 860M and I am running it with the resolution of 1600x900, FXAA antialiasing and high environmental textures and low everything else, and I am getting an average of 40 frames per second. I like it a lot. The main characters are great and London looks great. My only gripe is that some textures, bricks for instance, look better on some buidlings than others which is odd. If everything had the same texture clarity i think it would look better (even if it is a little blurry). Anyway, if you like Assassin's Creed this is a great game. This is, of course, just my experience and it does seem like some others are having some issues, but I just wanted to throw in my two cents worth. Honestly, I have been able to run Unity day one and Arkham Knight day one on this laptop (it never fails to impress me how much it can do), so maybe I am just a lucky guy. I am sure a lot of small issues wil be fixed with the inevitable Nvidia graphics driver that'll come out later today (hopefully this helps people with there problems). Anyway, back to my positives again, I like this game a lot so far and it runs far better on day one than Unity ever did.

Edit: I've fiddled around a bit and got it to run at 1080p with low everything, FXAA and maintain around 35FPS is anyone is curious
 

Posy the Opossum
287 products in account
21
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: 16 May, 2020
better than unity
 

Grentouce
203 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
149.3 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2020
As of 2020, still is the BEST Creed game/entry that I've played in the entire series; not as pretentious/fantastical as the modern/stylized Origins, Odyssey and Valhalla, still very grounded/realistic in the sense that it's believable, and well balanced choice of gender selection/options to choose from when playing (the Frye twins)
 

Boba Fett
125 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.0 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2017
One of the best Assassin's Creed games so far (AC2 is still the best) with possibly the best soundtrack I've heard. The story takes only about 10-11 hours to complete if you just focus on completing the game, incredible voice acting, gorgeous city, and tons of side missions and activities. I would definitely recommend this game.
 

Flamingfusion23
138 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: 8 April, 2020
Very fun and playable game. Story is maybe not interesting as some of the other AC's but the 19th century London is excellently captured, game is entertaining, you can get upgrade points and money very easy (and that motivates you to unlock other weapons, gang upgrades, outfits etc..).
Playing as two enjoyable and dear characters with different personalities and strengths and weaknesses is also great. Gang system and carriages are a nice addition as it is new kind of rope that helps you traverse the distances between and on buildings.
In the end I would gave this game 9/10

 

Sunds
585 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
It appears to be one of the smaller Assassin's Creed games. Yes, London is big, but that's it really. 6 hours in, and I've conquered 1/4th of London, and am just starting on the last row of skills.

The grappling is great.

Combat is fine.

Evie and Jacob have almost the exact same skill trees, except for 3 skills each the other doesn't. I've basically built the two the exact same.

The interplay between the two is great, even if it's very much a caricature (Jacob is the simple man, Evie is the more thoughtful woman, etc). As the two are essentially the same in terms of play, I just play Evie except for the occaisional mission in which you have to use Jacob.

This is the first Assassin's Creed that injects some humor throughout. It's a nice touch, and a nice break from the traditional seriousness of the franchise.

I hate the train. :D It's so damn slow. Get those fast travel points as soon as you can.

Difficulty wise, this is probably the easiest AC yet, though that seems to partly be due to overleveling, and even a level's difference in a fight has a large effect.

My gang is overleveled too, I guess. I don't really use them unless the story throws them into the fray on its own, and in those moments, my gang basically kills everything in a matter of seconds. :/

Overall, I'm enjoying it. Largely in part to the two main characters; I just enjoy the two of them. Haven't really enjoyed the main character in an AC game since the (younger) Ezio days. We've had some gawd awful AC protagonists since then (bottoming out with Connor). Jacob and Evie are a refreshing change.

Only had one crash. Was transitioning from the map back to the game, and it just froze in an all white screen. The only weird issue I encountered was when I was in a kidnap mission, everytime I restrained my victim, an invisible wall would spring up, preventing me from walking forward (and, in fact, would push me backwards). I got around that by facing in the opposite direction I wanted to walk, waited for the victim to try to break free, restrained victim, and then turned around and walked. It's only occurred the one time in a kidnapping mission. All the others I've done had no issues.

Overall technical side of the port seems great.

Parkor controls are just as good (and bad) as always.

At this point in the game, I'd give it a 9/10. They haven't really done much to change the AC formula, but after a long string of ACs that I didn't particularly enjoy (from a characters/story perspective), this has been a fun ride so far. It might be coloring my opinion a bit, and it's quite possible that once this initial euphoria of actually enjoying an AC story/characters again fades, I'd really be around an 8/10.
 

revial
72 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.1 hrs on record
Posted: 18 December, 2020
Ladies and gentlemen! We are Jacob and Evie Frye! And as of this moment, you all work, for us!
 

Santhmaer
729 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: 23 June, 2016
It is a good assassins creed game it is My third favorite in the series , it is better than unity but black flag was better. Overall ,it still it is a good game that I recommend buying it when if it is on sale.
 

iAhm3d12
83 products in account
1
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.4 hrs on record
Posted: 3 September, 2016
I like the Assassins Creed Games and this is fairly standard as far as these games go.
 

pfitzy
38 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.1 hrs on record
Posted: 18 April
Game will not launch anymore.

Edit: I had to reinstall Microsoft C++ 2010 and 2012. The game will not tell you this.
 

Pootis
76 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
129.9 hrs on record
Posted: 8 April, 2017
Best assassins creed game since black flag, doesnt have the spiritual feel u get with ezio tho, ubisoft has to make more people like ezio.
 

ATOM!C
164 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.1 hrs on record
Posted: 2 April, 2018
Follow Jacob & Evie Frye during the Victorian Era as they take back London from Crawford Starrick.

Pros:
-Fun Story
-Fluid Combat
-Memorable characters
-Beautiful London
- RPG Lite elements
-Jack the Ripper DLC

Cons:
- Mediocre ending
-Repetitve Side Missions
Score: 9/10
 

Cypharion
270 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
Another assassin's creed game..

After waiting for more than a month to play this game on PC and after reading many reviews on PS4 I am finally able to see all the glory for myself.

Yes, GLORY. You read that right.

I too was expecting another ♥♥♥♥ show, the return of Unity's game breaking bugs and boring gameplay, retarded AI and dry story.

But this is not the case with Syndicate. Syndicate combines the good looking graphics and enormous city of Unity and the attention to detail and interesting game mechanics of Black Flag.

We see the return of the Whistle, we can also carry bodies and hide them or put them in a particular spot to attract attention. Combat has been refreshed and while at the first few levels its a little bit boring, it gets much more interesting later on as you aquire new skills and combos.

The game offers a variety of activities stretching from Fight Clubs, Carriage races to Templar Hunts and Gang Wars.

The story 6 hours into the game appears to be much more immersive and connected to the Real Life stuff - something that was missing in Unity.

There are no game breaking bugs in the game but it is far from perfect optimisation. London's streets sees less people than Paris and this has helped bring down the load on your CPU, however all the Nvidia Gameworks gizmos sure take a load on your GPU. With my GTX 970 i can have almost everything maxed out and i manage to keep it just over 55 fps.

Overall the game plays really well and it offers long hours of gameplay.

Worth the 59$!
 

Sunwind
568 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.4 hrs on record
Posted: 11 April, 2016
TL;DR Damn close to 10/10, possibly my new favorite in the AC series

I was very critical of Unity. The story was unfocused, Arno had very little character development and just felt like an Ezio copy. The gameplay was changed for the worse, I only remember 3 characters (including the main playable) and it was too crowded.

Syndicate feels like a true AC game, better than the Ezio trilogy. The best part is having two characters makes for more to go off of for them. Jacob is a fighter & takes the most action, but his weakness is that he causes the most chaos. Evie is the stealth character that is much smarter & applies critical thinking to situations, but at times doesn't take enough action to help out. Having the character flaws isn't bad, they both make up for it with a yin/yang mix as twins.

The villains this time are FAR more memorable. Each character got so much more development and much better blue screen deaths than in the past. Having each character's role outlined (ie: the banker, the scientist, the doctor, the transporter, etc) makes their missions, motives, character traits far more memorable.

The actual assassination missions were the best. Not since AC1 have I looked forward to actual Templar assassinations, but that was because AC1 had ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay elsewhere other than the assassinations.

The music is incredible, by far the best since AC2 & Brotherhood's soundtrack but actually I'd say even better.

Here are my complaints:

-At the beginning, the Mentor named George lectures the twins about staying away from London. They disobey him and he's never heard from again. I was expecting him to show up in sequence 4 or 5 with his monacle broken & jowels flapping. I was disappointed.

-The main villain, Crawford Starrick, is a really good presence & very well acted. However, literally every scene but the final sequence has him in his office assigning other people to do dirty work. He never does any actual fieldwork or has any interaction with them face to face. Granted, you can say "Well, London was completely under his control so he didn't need to leave his office", but tha'ts weak.

-The sidequests have very little payoff. I only did them for fun. Hell, I cleared out a huge chunk of chests & collectibles for fun, but that was just me enjoying the game. There really is no actual payoff to it unless if I was achievement hunting, which I'm not on Ubiplay garbage.

Anyway, great game, worth the $20 I spent it on. Hope the one in 2017 is even better.
 

418
445 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
113.7 hrs on record
Posted: 27 June, 2020
Smart stealth mechanics, a varity of weapons to dispatch your foes and wear a cool hood.
Similar to other Assassin Creeds but with great improvements like combat and travelling options.

Had a great blast playing, i would recommend to play for the adventure and to visit 1860s London.
 

Mr_Non_Member
153 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2016
Product refunded

I bough and downloaded this game last night, tried to start it but it keeps getting stuck at the logo when loading up. Talking to support now, but the sheer fact that i have an hour and a half of game play and havn't even gotten to see the intro cut sceen has left a bad tast in my mouth about this whole purchase. Worst part is that this game series is one of my favorite. I may rewrite thjis once i get a chance to actually play the game finially.
 

Windwake
153 products in account
3
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
95.3 hrs on record
Posted: 23 October, 2016
Honestly dont know what everyone is talking about. I played this on PS4 originally and ended up quiting half way through because of how horrible it ran on the PS4. This review is being written as of 10/22/16 so the game I am reviewing is obviously not the game that originally came out due to a number of patches. I am running an I7 4790k OC'd to 4.8 ghz and a OC'd 980ti and the game is running smoothly. Granted that is a beast rig so my experience is much different than others with different hardware. The graphics are amazing and run pretty smooth at almost nearly maxed out. I have occasional frame dips below 60 but only briefly and generally down to only 56. The controls feel good with mouse and keyboard so far. Im liking the game but then again ive always enjoyed AC games in general. The free running feels awesome and having not one but two assassins to be is awesome in my opinion. All around a happy buyer and a happy gamer with this one in its current state. Hope others have and are enjoying as well.
 

Rarely Decent
116 products in account
1
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
55.9 hrs on record
Posted: 7 May, 2020
NOTICE: I am writing this review right after I have completed everything (100% sync).
Unfortunately, I am not recommending this game. First, I don't like the idea which some misc items to be collected are hidden and we got to buy it, with real money if you want a shortcut. The story was not that good, in my opinion. Including side missions like Charles Darwin, Queen Victoria, etc. I think Ubisoft could've squeezed them into one mission instead of making 3-4 short missions. The graphics, however, I'm impressed, especially at night. It looks beautiful but not day time. The lighting feels and looks off. The next turnoff is the freaking glitch. There was once where I fell out from the map trying to open chests (check my screenshot). Another occasion was when I glitched into a building. Not to mention the soundtrack. The soundtrack was bloody good but it was not put up to good use. I felt boring exploring the city without the soundtrack playing in the background, in contrast to Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. Even on killing the enemies and sneaking into a hostile base. In my opinion, the cons outweigh the pros.
 

NovaScira
171 products in account
3
31 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
75.0 hrs on record
Posted: 29 June, 2020
Game freezes every 2 or 5 mins for 4 -7 secs randomly. I tried almost every fix.

*********************
// Edit:

Specs:

Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-7700HQ CPU @ 2.80GHz

NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060

RAM: 16339 Mb

___________________________________________________

I got it to work. All I have to do is open the Nvidia Control Panel, add this in the program settings tab, set power management to Adaptive, limit the max frame rate to 30 FPS, open task manager, set ACS.exe's priority to Normal, set the affinity and uncheck CPU 0. Go to the in-game options, turn Vsync off, set the refresh rate to 60hz, set the environment to Very High, set textures to Medium,, set shadow quality to High, ambient occlusion to SSAO, and anti aliasing to FXAA.

Game looks passable and the frame rate takes a little getting used to but at least its playable.

I didn't know any of that bollocks settings 3 days ago. I'm just a filthy casual. Glad I learned something new. Thanks Ubisoft.

I still wouldn't recommend this game though. My solution might not work for you.
 

Seven one Nine
65 products in account
9
277 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2015
The story is empty and hollow. The story that normally takes place in the "real world", as in out of the animus, is entirely cut scenes and uncontrollable. The fighint in game can be won by smashing the X button alternating with A. And there is absolutly no benefit to stealth. Infact you never need to blend into crowds anymore. It's honestly difficult to blend in, the mechanic doesnt work well.

Everything in the story is predictable and boring and you play two characters who are as deep as paper.

The typical assassins creed glitches are infuriating.

The home base, which you normally build up, is automatically updated and renovated after some missions. Pointless.

Everyone seems to think this game is good, but they keep saying that it's better than unity. This game may not be broken like unity but the story is crap, the characters are crap, and the world is crap.

Maybe there will be a Shamamamamlama twist at the end, but that wouldnt redeem the pointless nature of the whole game.

I'm going to beat it, because I am close. But I wish I didn't buy it. Not worth it.

No puzzles of any difficulty, no stealth of any difficulty, no combat of any difficulty. The whole game is played by heading to brightly colored HUD icons, zipping around like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ batman, and beating any and every combat scenario by smashing a button to see one of a handful of highly repetitive kill sequences.

This game sucks
 

Umbrius
552 products in account
26
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2017
It's another Assassins Creed game that for better or worse sticks closely to the formula, but the mechanics work and it's all around good gameplay. Decent story that really picks up towards the end. Held back by bugs.
 

Mizipzor
621 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.5 hrs on record
Posted: 21 February, 2019
Still has the Assassin vs Templar story

Fun to 100% the game if you enjoy long grinds.

but wait for sale, the game isn't worth the full price.
 

lobster
90 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: 29 May, 2016
I just played through Unity and I think Syndicate is a significant step forward in the franchise. Despite the performance flaws in Unity (which are well documented), It was just bland and uninteresing. Though I'm only a few hours into Syndicate, the entire experience has been far better. Everything that Unity tried to do, Syndicate does in a fantastic manner. There are hardly any bugs (though I've heard of others having them) and the graphics are beautiful. it's a beautiful world they created and I love it.

I love choosing between two characters to play. It's a nice change of pace. The DLC is really cool, too. Jack the Ripper is such a fascinating story so I'm glad they got creative with it.

The only thing I don't like about the game is that it got repetive towards the end. There really wasn't a reason for me to continue in the world after I finished the game.
 

tonesims
456 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
134.1 hrs on record
Posted: 21 August, 2021
cool but black flag is still #1
 

jordanskye
27 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.4 hrs on record
Posted: 10 February, 2019
This was the first Assassins's Creed game that I ever played. I gotta say, I LOVE IT. I love the characters, the story, the plot... Basically everything. The controls are also really easy and a beginner can get the hang of them very quickly.

5/5 would recommend even as a first introduction to the series
 

messup_marzi
40 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2015
Nothing brings back the memories of my past life, as a beautiful english female assassin when, I once again, get to wander the cold streets of England, filled with fear and despair, while the stench of piss and puke fills my lungs. What a time to have been alive.
 

The Wicked Viking
316 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2015
looks great,
plays good.
the british accents and talk is hilarious.
id recommend this to any gov'ner and lass that enjoys assassins creed.
also supports ps4 controller buttons as soon as you plug it in!
 

Travingel
428 products in account
4
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.1 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March, 2021
its fun to play, cause minim microtransaction.
 

CoganArab
64 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.6 hrs on record
Posted: 17 September, 2016
Finally came back from the Unity failure.
 

MinnerZzZ
63 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: 11 June, 2020
While it boasts one of my favorite protagonists in the Assassin's Creed series the gameplay and story felt pretty flat. There's not really much to make you root for the characters other than their small story about their father but Evie and Jacob's charismatic and contrasting personalities sorta made up for that shortcoming. Now onto gameplay... well it gets hella repetitive especially later in the game which kinda makes the game a bore tbh. There was a point, more than halfway into the game, wherein i just kinda wanted it to end because the story didn't click for me and the gameplay was just the same thing after the same thing. (Also ngl the last boss fight and ending was pretty disappointing)

That said, the game was still fun especially whenever Evie and Jacob are interacting. The setting was good and the music was personally one of my faves of the whole series. Not the best AC game but definitely underrated.

Pick it up on sale if u can.

-

67/100
 

RL
307 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
119.7 hrs on record
Posted: 6 July, 2021
I say, AC Syndicate is just a minor upgrade of AC Unity. Compared to AC Unity, you can upgrade more in AC Syndicate (you'll know it during the game through). Skills system slightly improved, investigations are much fun to play with since, most if not all, of the crime scene is 'based' on true or documented stories. And this has much more interesting DLC compared to the boring one in AC Unity. But then again, this isn't comparable to AC Origins and later franchises. But I would say this is the last 'Assassin' game in franchise history.

But overall, you'll still enjoy this one if you're a fan of history and stealth and puzzle game. You'll definitely also love the Frye twins!
 

BOOM!BOOM!Base
84 products in account
4
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: 8 April
The best game of AC Series
 

WhisDooM
24 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: 7 March, 2019
Syndicate has become one of the greatest Assassin's Creed of all time! Jacob and Evie are great characters and London is a beautifull city. If you want a great Action-Adventure with great gameplay and a good story, Syndicate is what you are looking for.
If you read the other comments below: Don't trust them. They are just the usual hate against the series. Those people never played the game. But hating is a trend these days, isn't it?﻿
 

2PAC MOTHERFUCKERS HIT EM UP FUC
10 products in account
40
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
331.7 hrs on record
Posted: 7 April, 2017
I have always been an assassin creed fan. But this has to be the best game in the entire series.This game is an absolute blast to play. The parkour is much better and the combat is also very good. Though the combat difficulty is moderate, it is fun and unlike unity it is not to tough. The story is also excellent. But the character development is quite strong in this game and the overall tone of the game remains comical.Many say that it is downgraded in comparison to unity, but it does not hold true.I have AC Unity in my account and after playing both the games Syndicate's graphics have a slight edge.The reason people think that Unity's graphics were better because the color tone of Unity's Paris and Syndicate's London is quite different and London looks a bit gloomy or washed out or whatever in comparison to Paris. But if you have played the Dead Kings DLC of Unity and then compared it with Syndicate, then Syndicate looks much better. Also removing multiplayer and adding additional features in the game was a welcome change. The lead characters Jacob and Evie are diverse and their constant differences and arguments pretty much sums up for strong character development in this one. The game is very polished and the bugs are ironed out. The combat is well balanced, the open world is fun,the sandbox approach is way more polished and transportation is a lot improved(horse carriages, the most awesome AC2 set piece now implemented in the open world) and rope launcher is a time saver and it also doesn't restrict you to enjoy the old building climbing. Moreover the carriages are also not forced in each and every mission like most of the missions Batman Arkham Knight forces you to use the Bat-mobile and character customization is a lot improved and there is a better way to earn skill points than in Unity.And moreover the side quests are not boring.And the loading time is a bit less than Unity. The relationship between the two main protagonists, Jacob and Evie Frye, both twins, made for some delighting family banter and quips. The contrast between Jacob, who wants to liberate London from the Blighters, a Street gang, and Evie, who sticks to the tenants of the Creed, and who wants to find Pieces of Eden to stop the templars, was really nice. During story missions, however, you're usually locked into one character and will switch only when the game wants you to. I liked the customisation of your gang, the Rooks, allowing for backup on a fight. There's no more swords, and enemies now have a health bar on top of Thier heads. Only when this health bar is low enough can you kill them with a finisher, and these are delightfully brutal.The open world, it is ridiculously huge, Ubisoft wasn't joking when they said it was bigger than Unity's map by 30%. London is absolutely gorgeous.
Trains add a whole new magical element as far as I'm concerned, I adore anything to do with trains and think they're a brilliant addition.
 

$ýnd!¢@t€Kn!Ght™
199 products in account
10
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.9 hrs on record
Posted: 26 February, 2016
Wow...I think I'm in love, with the series, again. Ok, I admit that I was never "out of love" with the series at all, but there were definitely some games in the franchise that were way better than others. I tend to see the positives, much more than the negatives, unless those negatives far overshadow the others.

And with Syndicate, that's just not the case. Likeable player characters, likeable NPCs finally, as well as a decent story make this one of my favorites since the AC2, Brotherhood, and Revelations trio that I judge all AC games against. Yeah, I thought those were the best 3, but I still like the rest of the franchise as well. Even Unity, which I got well after all the dust had settled and was able to play pretty much trouble-free except for some minor inconsequential issues.

Syndicate makes me love the series again, though, like I did back when the best ones came out. Even though Syndicate has dumbed down a lot of the combat, it's still fun and exciting to undertake, rather than dread it, and even the finishing moves are kinda cool, although a tad repetitious after awhile.

It's a fun game, feels like Assassin's Creed again, and I just love the history and ambiance that I can just immerse myself into. I love reading all the history, and like AC2, Brotherhood, and Revelations, I'm intrigued enough to start researching into the history on my own to read more about it. I've always loved reading about other time periods, and AC: Syndicate is pretty amazing.

Music is great, graphics look amazing, the character detail is phenomenal, and the architecture is really cool to climb on and sightsee from. Unless I just haven't come across them in the game, I do miss the crimescene investigation mechanic from AC: Unity that was a lot of fun. What little investigation is to be done in Syndicate is just a follow-the-dots type (dumbed-down) process that leaves a lot to be desired.
 

EbonHawk
851 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
23.3 hrs on record
Posted: 31 January, 2021
Since playing this game I have begun only crouching when walking around the house in order to reduce noise. I went to Aldi yesterday and climbed the roof and used eagle vision to find the nearest entrance and any guards in the area. Fortunately, the only form of defence I could find was Karen on the tills. Once learning this information I snuck in through the self opening doors and found the target. The fruit isle. I grabbed the 6 pack of apples and immediately climbed up the wall and dove out of the opened window into a haystack.
 

The Spokesman
236 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 January, 2016
This game...

I've played every mainline AC game until now. After ACIII, I became completely desinterested in this series, yet I somehow continued playing it. After slugging through Unity (on PS4 no less), I was done... then ACS was on sale very short after release and the reviews said, the game is not that bad...

Well, for the first few hours, it isn't. It's quite competent. It looks really nice, runs well, if you have the PC that can run it, plays a bit better than the games before it in the series. But then you get into the completely pointless story, that doesn't engage you in any way. Cardboard cutouts of characters interacting with each other to no point. A shoehorned love plot, that has not earned its right to be in the game (suddenly one main character has feelings for another guy... but we're not shown why or how it happened. It just happens).

The main story arc can be explained in maybe two minutes. The rest is filler. There's no twists, no turns. Just "kill that guy" and find the MacGuffin. Nothing else... but it's stretched to a good 10 to 20 hours (if you focus on the story).

The last two or three memories are THE worst, though. Suddenly, you get contacted by some guy... that sort of wants to play a game with you and your enemies. It's 4 missions, or so, of complete filler, with mission designs directly lifted from the open world ♥♥♥♥ you're tasked to do to free London anyways. And in the end, he "betrays you" and you kill him. Completely out of the blue. No real connection to the rest of the game. Seems like it was supposed to be DLC, but it wasn't good enough to sell on its own, so it was boxed with the game.

And climax makes you play f*cking GTA taxi missions, for gods sake. And for what? Some irrelevanat dialogue of a guy you only met once before and you'll never meet again, about stuff that doesn't matter in the game at all. Only for him to give you some plans.

Some missions forbid you to do the stuff you do all the time... like kill people. Why? Doesn't tell you... in some missions, it doesn't even tell you that, beforehand. You just fail, if you kill... only then you know. Some "additional mission incentives" make you not kill Templars. That goes against what the Assassins do. WHY would a 100% sync make me NOT kill them? No reason given. This doesn't happen often, but it stands out.

I was actually getting angry at the game in the end. It was such lazy mission design. None of it stood out. The story, the missions, everything was lazily thrown together to meet the deadline of christmas. Given, it works a lot better than Unity did on release... but I think Unity was, at least to some degree, a better game with a more engaging story (and that says a lot, since I didn't like Unity that much, either)

The endboss is... boring... I'll leave it there.

So... in the end, save you some money. Rather get Black Flag, Brotherhood or AC2. All of those games are miles better than Syndicate, run better on older hardware, and have much better mission design. Though some flaws noted here are present in those games as well.
 

TheWretched
706 products in account
8
7 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
90.0 hrs on record
Posted: 28 April, 2020
Game is fun. I especially like the part where you ride train. 10/10
 

Golden Bird Disaster
40 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
52.1 hrs on record
Posted: 26 April, 2019
Graphics are good, but poorly optimized. The game is buggy af, the combat system is bad and the parkour is bad as well. The best things out of this game are the WW1 sequence and the "grappling hook"
 

💕 Shawty 💕
84 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.1 hrs on record
Posted: 27 July, 2017
This is one of the best AC games, next to Black Flag and II. They got right what Unity got wrong.
 

HELL PIG
430 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.8 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2018
Just finished the game at 87% total sync. Everything was good, the detailed graphics to voice overs and people ( i particularly enjoyed npcs singing at bars and some places ) and gameplay experience. BUT i do agree that the story was a super duper letdown to the point of saying "theres no story in the game".( i did enjoy the twin sibling interaction) besides the twins, characters are not used well

i recommend buying it on sale. 8/10
 

Malex
11 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
53.0 hrs on record
Posted: 7 December, 2016
After 23 hours and 10-15 stutter, I finally decide that this game isnt worth your money. If you are a big AC fans, buy it on sale. Tried every method to fix this, the result is NADA!! Beside stutter, I also had several crashing. My spec: i5-6600k, 1070, 16GB, PSU 550W. Here is a quick review:

Pros:
- London is beautiful, this is AC game with the best graphic
- Climbing is more fluid and smooth, and you got a new gear: rope launcher which increase the speed of climbing tall building. I have played AC, AC 2, AC:Brotherhood and AC Revelation, climbing was a chore back then.
- Carriage, better than nothing. And I can hit kids with it, mwahahaha.
- Combat is a wee bit similar to Batman, but not as polished as Batman, counter and grab is your BFF in this game.
- More varieties in equipments, from knuckles, kukri, cane sword, outfits, belts, cape, and all of them looks great.
- Trainsss, I fancy kicking enemies off of train
- In certain missions there will some different approach to finish/assasinate your target, this is new, and I love it. You can choose from stealth approach, unique kills and/or saving someone who can lead you to the target directly.
- Jacob and Evie are way much likeable than Connor, they have personality and emotion. And they can smile, not like the zombie assassin Connor

Cons:
- Killing animation are awesome at first, but at later game, its annoying, especially when you are running from the enemies and wanting to be anonymous, and because of the freaking long killing animation, I got spotted, again...
- Story is similar like another AC games, piece of eden, shroud, bla bla bla. Its boring enough to make you sleep
- Lap Race is stupid, they give you and the AI the same carriage with the same speed, it can be frustrating sometimes, but after you get the skill for carriage, it will become easier.
- The side missions are repetitive. But overall is not as boring as the side missions in previous AC games.
- Stuttering, I had lots of freeze and stutter, but it can be reduced by setting Uplay in offline mode.

If you are an AC fans, buy it when its on sale. Random stutter and freeze make this game not worth full price.
 

Pikapool
1,007 products in account
5
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: 6 July, 2017
I, for one, have always been a huge supporter of the concept behind the Assassin’s Creed games: a virtual historical tourism action adventure in which you meet famous characters from history and change the world through an eternal rivalry between two secret societies existing in the shadows? Count me in. But after Ubisoft got more and more comfortable with taking the p.i.s.s and eventually ran their own hype-train into a ravine with the disastrous releases of Watch Dogs and Assassin’s Creed: Unity, I was done - since 2007 I’d played 7 Assassin’s Creed games, putting, at a conservative estimate, more than 250 hours of my life into the series; Assassin’s Creed: Syndicate was (hopefully) the last of the annual AC games, and despite being a better game, generally speaking, compared to Unity, but frankly, at this point I just couldn’t be f@#ked. But now it’s 2 years later, and after a solid break from the exhausting open-world formula that had homogenised so many of Ubisoft’s major releases, I bought Assassin’s Creed: Syndicate to see just how much of a return-to-form it really was, and whether it had managed to break free of the worst of the series’ tropes.

Assassin’s Creed: Syndicate puts you in the Victorian-English boots of Jacob and Evie Frye – twin siblings, and children of a former Assassin. They venture to London in order to continue their father’s legacy through divergent means – Jacob wants to cleanse London of Templar control by liquidating its high-ranking members, and Evie believes that it’s more important they find the Pieces of Eden that the Templars are using to further their power.

19th century London is gorgeously realised – I don’t think I’ve seen an AC game with so much detail that is also so well-optimised. I live in London, and it’s incredible to walk around the streets and see them as they might have existed 150 years ago, and see the detail that’s gone into familiar sights like Westminster, Waterloo Bridge, and Trafalgar Square. I even found the place where I work - it's a theatre in the converted undercroft of a church - and lo-and-behold, a church lies atop the site in-game.

Syndicate unfortunately perpetuates the directionless back-seating of the story following the wrap up of the 'Desmond' storyline in Revelations; Jacob and Evie are enigmatic personalities, but their story doesn’t offer much by the way of motivation to progress. Perhaps I was spoiled seeing Ezio’s transformation over three games from a rakish punk to a wise Master Assassin, but it seems that most of what the Frye’s have going for them is their charm. Their attributes differ slightly as well – Jake is a slightly better fighter, and Evie a slightly stealthier assassin – although their similar enough to be capable no matter the person you choose to play as.

You can switch between characters smoothly and at will (most of the time), and while the overall experience doesn’t change much, it does help to freshen things up a bit to run through a few missions as a different character and experience the game with a different flavour of personality.

Additions to the series include a grappling hook that allows quick scaling of buildings and easy travel between rooftops, an extension of Unity’s ‘climb up/down’ mechanic that now allows you to easily descend from heights without worrying about plummeting to your death, and the ability to drive horse-drawn carts GTA-style down London’s cobbled roads.

Other than minor changes, though, AC:S doesn’t offer much new to the series stalwarts among us, adhering strictly to Ubisoft’s policy of ‘iteration, not innovation’, and it’s in these small changes that we see that Syndicate is often typified by imperfection.

For example, the parkour system that put AC on the map used to take two buttons – you hit run and climb and you could scale anything and leap from anywhere. Now, you are required to specify whether you want to climb up or down. This should be helpful, and on its own this wouldn’t be such a problem, except that there is little consistency in how it executes in the game. Most small obstacles can be scaled by simply hitting run…except for the random ones that can’t. You can hit ‘climb up’, only to find yourself stuck at the top when it won’t let you jump down. You can hit ‘climb down’, only to find that it doesn’t work on anything over 3ft high. So what used to be a fluid process now requires constant input adjustment, troubled by the fact that you can never be entirely sure if what you’re pressing is going to allow the action it should. Even worse is the fact that you simply cannot jump from a building if the game deduces that you will get hurt – self-determination be damned, you’re flat-out denied the ability to leave the top of a building by any means other than scaling it or leaping into a haystack. The developers have endeavoured to stop the player leaping blind to their death, and have unfortunately stopped the player leaping at all.

This is perhaps the most annoying side-effect of the changes, although I also found the target tracker to be very touchy - performing multiple takedowns almost entirely boils down to whether the game decides that it wants to let you do it, and while double assassinations used to be easy to execute as long as the enemies were within a few feet of one another, it now seems that you need to approach from a very specific angle regardless of how close the enemies are to one another, and even a change of a few degrees will sour your plans and alert the one enemy you failed to attack.

The physics system can be quite janky, and corpses flop and bend in strange and unnatural ways. I also had a number of fatal, unexplained crashes that brought me back to the desktop - an annoying occurrence given that UPlay is so slow that both shutdown and startup can take minutes at a time.

Syndicate is not the saviour of the series, is what I’m saying...but that doesn’t make it a bad game. I have a tendency to rant about annoyances while glossing over major boons, and aside from the stunning presentation of the city, there is some sense of levity added to the formula in the numerous entertaining money-earning activities. These particularly come into their own after meeting and completing the first mission of the character of Ned Wynert – you can rob trains, hijack carts of enemy provisions, defend your own carts that tour the city, and rob or sabotage enemy ships that sail down the Thames.

On top of that, each borough of London lies in the hands of the enemy gang. Their hold can be loosened by performing a number of missions such as Templar assassinations, freeing child labourers, and kidnapping gang leaders and delivering them to the constabulary. For each of these actions completed, a section of the borough comes under your control, and is populated with your gang members. They didn’t make the same mistake as Far Cry 3 and 4 and turn your territories into a ghost town upon liberation, and enemies still appear with a reduced frequency, but now you will have more help at hand should you stumble across an interloper within your territory.

However, while not anywhere near as fraught as Unity, Syndicate retains the signs that the formula is simply exhausted and stagnant, and while I can enjoy the virtual tourism in any way shape or form, there’s something irrepressibly tedious about having to go through the motions of another ‘Assassin’s Creed’ game. Syndicate is a more enjoyable experience than ACIII, and certainly an improvement on Unity, but for those looking for the quintessential AC experience, you’ll likely find it elsewhere.
 

Mister Snizz
750 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: 20 January
While I can't say it's my favourite Assassin's Creed game, I'd put it somewhere near the top. I feel like the setting, which is London in the 19th century, was recreated very believably, being very smoky and fumy everywhere, extremely dirty and filthy and most essentially, poor. At least, that is how most of the places look like. However, there is a rich few, ruling the city and taking advantage of the poor - Crawford Starrick and his comrades. And I won't lie, the villain is pretty damn epic, and very satisfying to fight against. What is worth noting, it is the only AC in which you can actually ride a train. That being said, I can recommend this game with a clear conscience.
 

Wafflesans
182 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 April, 2021
I love the setting of AC Syndicate. 1800s London is a fun place to visit in the game. There are lots of great details about the game that are enjoyable. But every time you clip some architectural detail, or you get stuck on a ledge (seriously just let me step down without hitting an extra damn button or making me change buttons for up and freerun), or can't easily run up something, or the camera does it's weird sudden movement/perspective changes... it not only breaks my immersion but it just frustrates me. The camera ones sometimes make me queasy. This game is so much like Unity, aside from being the obvious re-skinned elements it has largely the same UI issues.

Some fun items London architecture. This is always the high point of any AC series and this doesn't disappoint. While there is some conformity across London, there is a bit of a different feel to each borough. Another is the WWI subplot, no spoilers, it had a lot of fun elements and I loved the character's unique costume from it.

If you're playing out of order, I will admit to having skipped this one originally, I much preferred Odyssey's interface and mechanics. This felt like a major step backwards both in UI and in button controls and layout.
 

sparkysquid
88 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
112.1 hrs on record
Posted: 4 February, 2021
Syndicate is a fun and great game. The grapling hook is a great addition to the game. it gives new assassination methods and makes it way easier to travel across the map. In my opinion Syndicate depicts how it was to live in London in the 1800 perfectly. The graphics are stunning and gameplay machanics are well done. I never experienced any bugs or issues while playing.

Unfortunately the game is overpriced in my opinion. I would wait till there is a sale.
 

FILE
101 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
441.5 hrs on record
Posted: 9 August, 2017
Just completed the game, and now I'm being bored out of my mind completing the extremely redundant and tedious side missions just to unlock some higher tier weapons.

I have to say, aside from the extremely worthless side missions, I absolutely enjoyed this game. The game is beautiful, despite not having an actual weather or day/night system. I love having 2 characters, and i love the outfits for them both. The combat is quite repetitive, but I think the new animations are quite cool. I guess that's just me, as I like these flashy and fast fighting styles over the traditional slow paced style.

However, I am annoyed at Ubisoft for removing the "free jump" feature, which was present in essentially every single previous title. Being forced to jump down from buildings/obtacles, or just jumping off a ledge/bridge is a serious pain in the ass. Completely negates fluidity, which I believe to be the sole purpose of introducing the jump up/down feature. Ubisoft has to know that this feature is quite good, but it is supposed to complement free jumping, not replacing it. Thus, I think this game is a step down from AC Unity's parkour system.

Story and character wise, everything is quite predictable. The story is a tad bland at times, and we weren't given an in-depth story of the characters so it's hard to be attached to them. However, I do enjoy the fact that they're assassins right from the start, unlike other games where you're forced to play their pre-assassins life.

There isn't much else to say really, but I do recommend this game, especially if you're a true AC fan. I have every game in the series thus far, aside from the 2D side scroller ones, and Syndicate is a game I've definitely enjoyed despite having so many new features that I'm not used to.
 

NegNoodles
748 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Much better that unity, no bug in 3 hours of gameplay
 

JAKKAH
58 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.2 hrs on record
Posted: 5 November, 2020
Dub. Best free running mechanics out of any AC game I've played. Pretty large story line as well.
 

NinjaSloth322
33 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.5 hrs on record
Posted: 8 December, 2016
Picked it up ona sale and had low expectations but so far its been one of the better assassins creed so far. so the reason for the negative recommendation is cause it often crashes at the start or end of missions, especialy ones with cutscenes and given how many diffrent crash fixes i found online i think its quite a common problem.
 

Shade
114 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 June, 2016
This game was recommended to me by a friend after having missed several installments in the AC series as of late. After playing Black Flag which was incredibly disappointing, I can safely say that this game has rekindled my interest in the franchise, and I'd recommend it to others.

Probably worth mentioning that the game wouldn't start initially, although a graphics driver update fixed that (I'm using an AMD 7970). I also had one crash during around 50 hours of gameplay, probably not a big issue.
 

David
382 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.1 hrs on record
Posted: 13 September, 2016
Liking this game is like trying to enjoy Kix cereal. It's sort of good ... but it just doesn't do it for you.

At least that's how I feel about it. It has all the things the other Assassin's Creed games have, except there were a lot of other things that could have been improved. In one case, despite being an RPG, it lacked variety - in a lot of aspects. One being that there was limited customization in the gear you received, which is fine considering that's how most of the other games are, but it still would have been a nice touch. Second, the gameplay in general was fairly repetitive. The miniquests were the exact same quest but in different locations, which became stale after one or two go-throughs.

On a separate issue, the switch between characters was an interesting application that made the game a bit more dynamic. The only problem with that is it took away from the game and made it less immersive. It also made the characters seem less personal and isn't exactly what the game needed.

All things considered, the atmosphere was very nice. There were also a lot of new elements that played surprisingly smooth into the game.
 

Pangju
261 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
84.5 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2016
Product received for free

This is the first Assassin's Creed game I really got into (I tried the first one, but it was a little slow for my taste) and I love it so much! I love the characters, the stories, the surroundings and the many historical personas you meet along the way. I love that you play as both Evie and Jacob (twins) and that they have their specialities when it comes to mainquests. With all sidequests and running around London outside of mainquests you get to choose which one of them you play as, so you can upgrade them both as you like all the way. This game has gangwars, magic, romance, action, awesome outfits, awesome weapons and ghost hunts. I mean, come on! I would suggest to also buy the Season Pass for the whole experience.

Shoutout to my friend Sondre who got me this beauty for my birthday. <3
 

The Black Rainbow
159 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
74.3 hrs on record
Posted: 1 March, 2019
Edit: played it another time only to find the story more boring, and the crime DLC lost a lot of charm in second playthrough. However! If you go directly to the west side districts after getting the rope launcher, this game can be a somewhat fun ninja game.
"ITS LIKE SEKIRO WITH OP WHISTLE"
It's similar to overlevelled fort raid in Odessey and Origin, but you can actually assassinate stuff reliably. Some of the races are still incredibly annoying though.

Much less glitchy than Unity, but still somehow a disappointment due to copy-pasted blocks and unimpressive story. If you like detective story, then you can buy the game with the Dreadful Crime DLC (not included in the Syndicate-Rogue-Unity bundle). If you like Saints Row you probably will have some fun, but the side activities are much more boring than the wacky and over-the-top SR missions. If you just want Victorian steampunk games, I recommend Bioshock Infinite and Dishonored (both are first person though).

Pro of this game:
-Less glitchy than Unity. The game also has a main menu (Yes, since we have the bizarre visual torture tool called AC Unity, these are actually "strength" of a game).
-Industrial age London is beautiful, especially for steampunk lovers. This is the only AC game where you own a train. Also there are ships and factories.
-Some of the BGMs are good.
-Rope launcher. This is the coolest thing in AC universe and allows you to roam around like a ninja.
-Carriages are overall fun.

Cons of the game, and why I rank this among the worst AC games:
-The illusion of content. This is a problem of Ubisoft Quebec games, such as Odessey and Syndicate. They have ridiculously beautiful areas (Laconia and Korinthia in Odessey, Westminster in Syndicate) that urge you to yell "Best game EVER!" However, then you realize that they only contribute to a tiny part of the gameplay. You are going to spend most of your time playing in the repetitive copy-pasted maps (forts and leader houses in Odessey and blocks and factories in Syndicate). Even the rope launcher ninja part cannot save the stale gameplay.
-Train robbery and ship robbery are so underwhelming that it's not funny.
-I'm okay with less weapon types (AC2 doesn't have much weapon choices either), but the combat feels repetitive. You don't feel you deliver enough punch, especially if you use cane-sword which is the only cool weapon.
-The main story, side stories and two story DLCs are incredibly weak. The game has no beginning; it seems that you are defying the will of council and travel to London, but the council never show up again. It's like starting the game in the middle of AC Brotherhood with an intro: "you are playing as Ezio Auditore, and your mission is to assassinate the super duper bad Cesare Borgia, now go play! Don't forget to give us a 10/10 rating!" (Just in case you don't know, AC Brotherhood is the middle game in Ezio Auditore trilogy.)
-The final boss is slightly better than unity, but the fight is very disappointing. Your sidekick, Henry Green, is underdeveloped as well despite the fact that he becomes very important to your character. I get that Ubisoft cannot point real historical figures as the main antagonist, because they will get sued by heirs of the historical individual. But the boss suffers a lot from his weak background.
-Your characters are bland and show little growth. We no longer have the morally grey settings that add more depth to Kenway series and Unity. Instead we get a superhero story in which the protagonist constantly mock the victims.
-Personally I think Unity and Syndicate would benefit a lot if the relationship of the protagonists are reversed. In Unity the story makes more sense if Elise is your sister, so that you are not a big part of her path. In Syndicate the characters will have more development if Evie is your lover and the one introducing you to the brotherhood (the AC4 route).

TL;DR: Only buy it on discount, just for the Victorian setting. Otherwise I cannot say it's worth buying, considering that AC4 is just cheaper and better. (If you are really into AC universe you really should spend time playing Ezio trilogy though)
 

jinjunda0244
145 products in account
5
12 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
182.1 hrs on record
Posted: 18 June, 2019
Dont get me wrong, the story and some the game elements like the Gang, the objectives around the world are an amazing touch. I love the carts.
My biggest problem is the Jankey Fight mechanics and the object collision in this game is awful compared to any other assassins creed game, idk what happened to Quality assurance or play testing but did they just completely skip that part of the game engine?
 

123
458 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
80.3 hrs on record
Posted: 15 February, 2020
This is really not as good as the previous AC's. Flat plot, no mysterious adventures, additional quests are either to easy or all the same. Missing the real Assasins Creed feel. Fun to play if you want a few hours away, but don't expect a "real" Assasins Creed.
 

ibvee
35 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: 21 January, 2020
Have always loved assasin creed games, this one too is excellent. playing it after a long time!!
 

§¡L£N©€®™
30 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.4 hrs on record
Posted: 4 April
its a good game, but its NOT worth $40. Only buy if its on sale. Don't buy if its $40.
 

Bepis Master
26 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: 16 April, 2020
One of the most underrated assassins creed games, the city feels alive and looks amazing, a lot of great gameplay mechanics, story is lacking though
 

Klim
168 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
132.3 hrs on record
Posted: 20 October, 2021
good geame
 

jmstsmyte, yg
26 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
79.7 hrs on record
Posted: 21 March, 2021
The ambiance is great, especially at night. The landscape pop more at night. Although the day and night cycle are just too slow for me. Or it is often the time turns night doing mission. And the night is still short (base on other reviews).

I just like this game because of its grappling hook and sceneries.
 

zakdionlyon
5 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2016
This is a great entry to the series. Gameplay wise it is the most stealthy and fluid combat in Assassin's Creed, the story is pretty straight foward this time, well, except for the cheesy present day scenes, but those are short and more bearable than previous titles. The visuals are stunning BUT rather demanding on Very High and Ultra settings.

If you are a fan of the AC games get it, it's solid and fixes a great deal of problems from previous titles while building the glorious setting of victorian London.
 

Eddzorz Outcast
835 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.0 hrs on record
Posted: 3 August, 2019
Alright, this gameplay sweep and review was long overdue.

+Distinct main characters and voice acting
+Good use of historical weapons
+Beautiful setting and buildings
+Bugfixed compared to AC: Unity
+Populated cities
+New Transportation methods/dynamic parkour (trains, carriages, and cargo barges)
+Sense of progression
+Minor stealth and AI improvements
+Larger map than previous AC titles
+No loading screens in-between areas

-Subpar ending
-Unnecessary DLC
-Lack of distinct cosmetic options (in comparison to Unity)
-Occasional buggy map markers
-Flawed crafting system and leveling (gameplay becomes easier periodically)
-Outdated "button-mashy" gameplay after mid-game gear
-Currency is still made too easily
-Unchallenging endgame content
-Lack of non-mission open-world events

Memory use for this game is relatively low. Syndicate ran for roughly 22 hours with ultra settings on a low-end gaming laptop before crashing due to memory usage.
 

Oberdoktor Ubermensch
75 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: 31 December, 2016
To start it off let me put it this way - I have played every single AC ever released, including some versions people didn't even know existed such as the one for the original PSP.

Syndicate quite possibly has characters lovable enough to be compared to Ezio, even if not quite there. The story as far as I have got into the game seems fairly intriguing. The climbing actually works, especially when compared to the disaster that was unity.

All in all if we only consider the game through gameplay, characters and story it is up there in the list, unfortunatelly all that experience is being heavily impacted by the rather lack-luster optimisation of the game.

To put it in perspective in order to actually be able to play the game decently with my oc'd gtx 970 and i5-3570 (Not the best, but more than enough for ultra on say witcher 3) I need to run the game in windowed mode (It freezes like no tomorrow and stutters otherwise) in addition to having to modify the priority from my task manager. Additionally I need to limit the game to 60 fps via third party software if I ever want to consider using a carriage otherwise it will freeze every five to six seconds.

If you can implement these things yourself the game will run fairly well, however to many this might be a deal breaker. Do consider this before buying the game for yourself.
 

Hex: Wheeler
622 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
68.8 hrs on record
Posted: 30 December, 2015
Perfection is a hard thing to accomplish especially after yearly releases in a franchise, but with that being said Syndicate hits that mark spot on. The perfect chemistry between the twins and beautiful additions to the series makes this one stand out above all. Not to mention a flawless release unlike its friend last year. I loved every moment of the game, the game play was flush and controls were perfect. Jacob Frye is one of my favorite assassins year to date. I can't say a single bad thing about any part of this game, the only wish was for it not to end. Perfect 10, Recommended to the highest of standards.
 

Demadizzle
508 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.8 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
**New Review**

Now that I have sunk more time into it, and gotten past the introduction, I can assuredly say this game is amazing. Combat is challenging yet satisfying. No longer the insane kill count you could get with III, Black Flag, or even Unity some times. Now you have to be cautious with who you pick your fights with.

Rope launcher is one of the funnest tools I've every used in a game. I feel like a mid century Spider-Man swinging around London, and yet, its inclusion doesn't break the gameplay, or negate the free running aspect. Speaking of which, is far more fluid than before. You still get parts where you jump to somewhere you did not want to, but no where near the clunkiness of Unity. The have ironed out the bugs, and given it a more fluid feel, and it is a huge improvement.

Characters are engaging. I have only played with Jacob so far, but the quips he makes as you play throughout the game always seem to make me chuckle. Evie is alright, but I need mroe time playing with her to really flesh out her character. Jacob being more reckless and aggressive, Evie being the voice of reason, and tactical.

Gang wars are enjoyable, and feel great with combat system, and recruiting rooks, and fighting blighters is easily one of my favorite parts of this.

Of course, no doubt everyone is curious about the performance, especially with the debacle of Unity. The game performs flawlessly in that aspect. I have a
GTX 980 and factory clock
Intel i5-4690k at stock clock
16GB of RAM

And it runs the game so, SO smoothly. Im getting a MINIMUM of 60fps, and easily go upwards into 85-90 in the less intensive parts of roaming. No glitches yet, no horryfiying faces, and though they may be there, I have yet to see them.

All in all, this is a great addition to the franchise, and adds several new gameplay elements without being to over the top. 60$ may be a little much for the game, since it is essentially the same formula, but if you enjoy the franchise this is worth picking up.

**Old Review**
Good so far. Characters seem enaging enough, and the navigation is better. No glitches yet, and the frame rate is stellar. Pulling 60 fps constantly with a 980/4690K combo.
 

barry
201 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: 24 March, 2016
Keep Crashing, cant even play! That's why Uplay is more like UcantPlay!
 

iSeth
96 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 December, 2018
Honestly the most British game i've ever played
 

SocietyMan
86 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: 20 May, 2021
The best assassin's creed i have played so far... The variety of missions is unbelievable
 

SilverBeardTomash
29 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3,305.3 hrs on record
Posted: 14 July, 2018
The best part, of all the assassins I've played. Too atmospheric game. Before buying, I thought that part of Unity is much better, but it turned out the opposite... In General, I recommend a great game. ^.^
 

サムライ🌑🐾
170 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: 27 August, 2017
Good story, amazing world, good gameplay.
My favorite assassins creed after AC2
 

Paul
496 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.7 hrs on record
Posted: 2 June, 2018
One of the most entertaining game of assassin's creed series .
Well i enjoyed it and I Hope you enjoy it too d:
Love the Graphics . Love the Gameplay . and the JackTheRipper DLC (100% Recommended)
 

AbaheDude
90 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: 5 February, 2019
Dissapointing story, under utilized antagonist, button mash gameplay, and extremely repetive mission design. Had a few cool moments, but that was all drowned out by the mundane nature of the game. Extremely dissapointed coming from a long time fan of the series.
 

AngryReefer
523 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: 16 February, 2021
Pretty much 100%d the game on my PS4 and am replaying it on PC.
People talk crap about this game a lot but in my opinion it is the best / one of the best Assassins' creed games released. The setting of victorian London feels alive and open, the dynamic weather adds so much emotion to almost every section of the game. Combat feels very tactile and good, emphasizing on blocking attacks , and changing as you upgrade your skill trees. I almost never felt bored playing this game with all the events you can do to get materials to craft new equipment. Not to forget the absolutely stunning outfit design with immense style and badass points in my books.

Overall , one of my favorite games I've played and sank my heart into.
 

Cipher 66hz
235 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.7 hrs on record
Posted: 24 February, 2020
Okay, after that much Time playing this Game deserves a review.

Frankly I was quite disappointed, when I played AC3 back then, after playing Revelations, so I skipped Ubisoft and AC games altogether for a looong time until there was a special sale, so here we are. First off I played Origins (was curious about the story), but finishing the game I came to the conclusion: it sucked. So I thought how worse can it get and jumped to Syndicate and, lo and behold, I was impressed. All the Elements I got used to and missed so much over the years were all again united in this game, so to shorten it:

+ Story (amazing, if you haven't played it yet, you're going to love it, at the latest, when you come to Seq 3-4)

+ Music (not the masterpieces of 2 and Brotherhood, but still beats the hell out of everything else)

+ Skill-Features (simple, yet efficient)

+ Gear (Finally something crafty to tinker with)

+ Upgrades (Boy, weapons, tools and Gang Upgrades really pushed the bar)

But of course you have to lower your sights, when it comes to

- Controls

- Game stability

no offense, but we're still talking about Ubisoft here. All in all thats all for now on the quick, forgive me, if I forgot something.
 

SuDoDmz
187 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
129.5 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2015
Alright, now, that I've managed to be almost done with the game, let's talk about what I've experieced with it so far:

First, the main sequence assassinations. I was really glad when Ubisoft decided to retain the "Unique Kill" mini-requirements, allowing some more cool looking assassination cut-scenes if you know what you're doing, as well as allowing the player to just forego them and go with another strategy. (Just in case you might want to just directly head to the traget or just outright distch stealth and go kill everyone in the target area.) Although, the return of the "optional objectives" is still a majestic pain in the arse.

Second, the battle system. The ever so powerful counter attacks combined with the new, powerful spammable stun attack makes things pretty easy, with only the fast pace of the fights being the only challenge, as you will still have to time your counters, stuns, and combos.

Third, the story. Ubisoft finally improved from their previous hijinks with Unity, and made gold material with Syndicate's story. That said, you might want to buy the game yourself if you ever want to find out, as I do not want to throw around spoilers like misplaced christmas gifts.

Fourth, the level grinding. Just go find a fight club around levels 5-8, keep winning it, and you'll reach level 10 in no time. I actually reached level 10 before sequence 4, complete with the necessary equipments.

For now, this is all I can say about the game. And I sincerely did not regret buying it.
 

raidou.kuzunohaxvi
18 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.9 hrs on record
Posted: 1 April
 

luna-Yui
13 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.7 hrs on record
Posted: 28 January, 2016
Haven't had this much fun with an Assassin's Creed game since II. Highly recommended.
 

Skyarcke
168 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.1 hrs on record
Posted: 30 July, 2020
Already sunk a lot of hours into this game and completed it multiple times on console, I still go by this being a fantastic Assassin's Creed game, I find it really fun and I find the world really beautiful. I just generally love anything to do with Victorian/Industrial era London and anything 1800s/anything relating to WWI and WWII. I have no issues running this game at max settings (1080p) I get around 80-90fps (5700XT OC/R5 3600/3600mhz C16), more than enough for an open-world RPG. I didn't find anything boring, but that's coming from someone who plays JMMORPGs with insanely low droprates farming for days.

Game looks beautiful, I find it fun, runs good, the Victorian/Industrial Era setting is a strongpoint for me.
 

bambuwuzled
86 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.4 hrs on record
Posted: 13 November, 2020
So far a weakest AC game in the series for me. Other than Hook weapon and a train "safehouse" they didn't actually come with anything new which means all pros but mostly most of the cons which were present in Unity like:

- bad pathfinding of the heroes - sometimes you get stuck in most trivial situations.
- even weaker characters, even when you can change between Evie (Hermione like geek) and Jacob (cocky brute)
- some quest are glitched. Sometimes your objective fail for no obvious reason, sometimes the quest can't be finished and you need to restart the mission.

I give this game 6/10 max. If you're die hard fan of AC like me it's still a must, but this is a pure dissapointment for me and I do really hope that Origins, Odyssey and a newcomer - Valhalla will improve the series much more.

After finishing: As always, the strongest feat of the game are story mission, yet even there are a lot of bugs, glitches and unlogical approaches. You can kill guards by dozens and nobody from the common folk bats an eye, call a guards or something. And I dind't like the nessessary grinding for a loot and cash in order to level up just to keep pace with enemies. Still worst AC game for me, even when I played it for 40 hrs - which is a shining example that is still have it's good side.

 

Beluga
193 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.6 hrs on record
Posted: 16 July, 2018
This game is many things, but i assure you: This is not an Assassins's Creed game! The main story has a plot so week that it feels like you'r watching a low budget TV movie. The side quests are meaningless. One can argue that 19th century London is well constructed, well...it is, but a game cannot be measured by its map alone. There is so many things wrong with this game that its hard to number them all. I guess ill just asail you with the fact that parkour was rendered obsolete by the inception of the cable gun, so, you will not parkour more then 5 seconds straight throughout the entire game. Still, this was a must play for me because of my AC marathon on my #road2origins. Thank god Origins is something from an entire diferent universe, but more on that later when i finish it.
 

jeffvoid
514 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2015
Its SUPERB Amazing, Crisp and Awesome <3
 

pEmphiX
72 products in account
4
67 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
76.2 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2016
Open world games have become a joke. Just repetitive things to do, unlocking skills and weapons that are only there to dilate the time you spend in the game, collecting meningless ♥♥♥♥... Just give me a good history and if it's going to be short I'll not care. Just don't charge +60 eur as it's becoming a norm today.

On the other hand, I love the Victorian era and the design of the city and all the people roaming, selling things etc, it's very well done. Ambient is great and you can spend a few hours just wandering and admiring their work.
 

archaon_archi
247 products in account
8
10 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.2 hrs on record
Posted: 7 November, 2017
Performance: decent enough and runs a lot smoother than Unity. 45-50fps average but it stays there, Unity I dropped into the 30s and 20s quite a bit. the performance boost between all-low settings and all-ultra except for antialiasing and gameworks is again nonexistent, so I ran most things closer to their highest.
Story: Fairly weak, not as obnoxious as Unity's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse of a story.
Gameplay: I enjoyed it enough.

This is what Unity would have been if it hadn't been a colossal nightmare.
 

NorthernHeights
184 products in account
4
21 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: 23 June, 2018
Uplay has a bug that causes the game to not save at all. It can be fixed if you go to Uplay and disable cloud saves, then restart Uplay. This information is not posted anywhere so I have lost over two hours of my life playing the game just to find out that nothing got saved. To add to this BS there is a good 10 minute intro in this game that is unskippable, I'm about to ask for a refund and I might read the game story arc somewhere online to stay in the loop for the next one. Three years after release and this game breaking bug is still there...
 

Devorlast
302 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
140.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2017
This game is fantastic!
It does have micro transactions but you dont need then to progress in the game normaly and it doesnt really effect the game as a whole very much either.
It looks amazing, the combat is fun, and riding rampaging carriages on a sidewalk safari has to be one of the most hilariously awsome thing I have come across in open world games!

10/10
 

SpiderGoblin
221 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
68.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2018
An amazing return to the series after the disaster that was Assassin's Creed Unity. Continues many new concepts introduced in the prior game and improves upon them significantly. My problems with Syndicate are few and far between.

The good:
-Large but not overwhelming map with your typical Ubisoft collectibles. Conquering boroughs for your gang includes varied missions and is plenty of fun.
-Much better skill tree than Unity.
-Fantastic story.
-Interesting characters, especially the twins themselves.
-Much better combat than Unity. One of the few things I liked about Unity was that it tried to reinvent the combat, but it floundered. Syndicate does a much better job.
-Fighting with your gang is very reminiscent of fighting alongside assassins in the Ezio trilogy.
-A really good villain, especially considering how little you really see of him. Much of his character is built up by those beneath him, making the final confrontation all the more intense.
-Handles the present day story the best of the series to date. Everything you see that is happening present day is shown to you in cutscenes after a few sequences of the main story. No time wasting by making you walk around as a present day person, and doesn't completely neglect the story like Unity did.

The bad:
-While I enjoy the differences between Jacob and Evie, the former being adept at combat with the latter adept at stealth, the game is not really presented in a way that capitalizes on their strengths. About 70% of the main story sequences are exclusively played by Jacob, and many of them are stealth-heavy segments. Meanwhile hardly any of Evie's story missions are stealth-heavy. It just seems bizarre to me that the game would fail to put the characters in situations that fit them.
-The twins earn skill points that they invest into skill trees, but aside from 3 unique skills each (combat oriented for Jacob and stealth oriented for Evie), the trees are identical. The game would have much benefitted from the two trees being unique or at least including more unique skills.
-The game introduces a new piece of equipment, the grappling hook, which allows you to scale any building in seconds. This completely eliminates the climbing segments of the game, so despite there being many iconic landmarks to see in London, there are no segments spent on climbing them as seen with previous titles. Some of my favorite parts in the series are when you slowly work your way up a massive landmark, and that is sadly absent in this game.
-The weapons are quite limited, as you're only given the choice between three: the kukri, cane-sword, or brass knuckles.

Overall, there is certainly room for improvements to be made to the RPG systems being introduced into the series, but that is ultimately the main issue I have with this game. Aside from that, it is a fantastic game that has me excited to try the next one.
 

StormRangerX
269 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May
Out of all the "newer" Assassin's Creed titles and when I say newer I mean every title after Revelations because personally for me that was the best one as it marks the end of an era, this one is probably the best. Quite honestly when I first started playing the game, at the beginning I though damn this AC is gonna be so boring, but luckily I decided to not give up on the game yet and boy was I glad that I did that. I was so happy that my original feeling was wrong and the game just feels better and better as you play it and even the characters who I though I would hate a lot started to impress me and I got attached to them, which is one more good thing in a game in general. The story is not the best there ever was, but it is good with a lot of interesting historic characters that existed in the real world (not gonna spoil it, don't worry). Sure some side-missions feel like pain, but I actually did all of them except the collectibles which I will leave for another time. The world in this game is something that simply amazed me as it is so large, diverse, tall and very enjoyable. London is simply amazing in this game. The one thing that I absolutely HATED in this game is that you could (spoiler alert) use real money in it and buy certain skills in the game, but overall a decent Assassin's Creed game that might not be even close to the original 4 parts but it is worth picking up. In the end try getting it on a sale as it would be a steal then because it usually goes for around 10 euros which is a great price for this game.
 

LoG!c ©®™
485 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.6 hrs on record
Posted: 1 March, 2019
This game just a great step up compared to Unity. Loved the gameplay and story. You get to explore part of London!
 

Scythe
340 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
62.9 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2017
So I played the entire game start to finish PLUS the DLC. In short, I don't recommend it. Why? I 100% complete the game and it is so repetitive that, you're already tired of the franchise recyling stuff then you see this game take it to the next level.

The Pros: Game runs perfectly fine. The stealth mechanic was vastly improved from the absolute crap that was in Unity where ever enemy had SOP (from MGS4) where they could react based on another teammates response (just like 5 paths of pain). Everyone in Unity was high on 500mg of Caffiene. The moment you threw something or ran from side to side they'd instantly be alerted and the SOP system would kick in and EVREYONE in the entire area would know exactly where you were, no questions asked. Thankfully thats been fixed and made the stealth in this game less annoying.

The Cons: Man... seroiusly... When they were making and play testing this game.. Didn't they ever say, "Hmm... this is so boring and complete trash!"???? The story here is explained in the first 30 mins of the game. London is heavily occupied by Templar control, Jacob and Evie want to fix it. Jacob focuses on killing targets - just like any AC game. While Evie focuses on ONE piece of eden and fixes Jacob's mistakes. Thats it. The villian was by far the weakest in any AC game. He was so tired of this franchise and the game itself that he didn't do anything throughout the ENTIRE GAME. So the story, and main villian were absolute garbage but what about the rest? Well... Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, right? That's all it is. You'll be going around London doing the same crap for the entirety of the game. In the main game you're either doing fight clubs which consists of the same thing multiple times to gain someones loyalty to maximum, or you're kidnapping gang members and handing them over to the cops, or you're stealing carriages carrying supplies, or you're stealing ♥♥♥♥ off boats, or you're freeing children from cleaning the floors, or you're going into gang strongholds and just killing the leader/enemies. Thats it. You'll be doing this MULTIPLE times. I don't know why they don't get a small like maybe 10 man team and have them develop different, distinct side missions. It can't be that hard. To make matters worse the combat is by far the worst and least enjoyable in any AC game. Sure, some of the kill animations can look cool but other than that its just button mashing. I used the mouse+Keybaord for this entire game and it was all about clicking away. Here's how you become a pro at the combat in this game. JUST STARE AT THE ENEMIES HEALTH BAR. When its red, keep clicking, when its yellow, quickly press E, when its grey, hit space bar. thats it. you've mastered it if you can respond to different colors. The DLC does add new combat mechanic called Fear. Which is cool cuz it was in the main game but to a lesser degree (if you killed someone via execution, sometimes enemies would run away in fear). The DLC was heavily based on fear and added 2 new weapons which make no real sense but whatever. As for the side missions in the DLC Jack the Ripper, they were also repetitive. You're either saving a prostitute from a carraige, or you're stopping a guy hurting a woman then shaming him through the alley without being detected (very annoying btw), or your escorting a carriage WHILE DRIVING IT REALLY SLOW + no crashing to a destination point, or you're tailing someone then scaring them, or you're going into a fight club and just beating everyone up like before (or you can scare them all away). Yes there are new thigns added but they are new things that must be done multiple times which makes it become really old and stupid so fast. You literally don't have to think much in this game. Just follow the map. That's all it is. Also there are side objectives during missions like "don't get detected" which is good and can add challenege however; i found myself constantly having to replay some missions because I didn't realize that I wasn't supposed to kill anyone or not go below 30m. The game doesn't warn you about a new side objective coming up within a mission until you're already into it. Which can be irrititating since the game is already really annoying to play.

Lets talk about the Presentation of the game. There is some serious issues here. Firstly i must recommend you play with SweetFX profile. Why? because the game is a soft mess even without any AA. I downloaded some SweetFX profile and changed the vignette to as low as possible and upped the sharpness to 2.00 because the games overall presentation is really soft. If you enable any kind of AA in the game, the image only gets softer. Why? because Ubisoft for some reason thought it would be a good idea to have FXAA or FXAA + MSAA/TXAA which makes the screen look like you put vaseline all over it. Secondly, I was recently playing witcher 3 @1080p with no AA and the game looked absolutely fine. However the amount of shimmering and jaggies in this game are RIDICULOUS. Theres so much of it that i just don't understand how this can be.... Next, the enemies. Seriously... They ALL LOOK THE SAME. weather they are your allies, your targets, or just random people. THEY ARE ALL THE SAME. You'll have a Rook on your team that'll look exactly the same as the Blighter you're supposed to kidnap. Extreme laziness at its best. Sure, other games have had this same issue. But in AC Syndicate, when your main target looks exactly like the last one, it shows. IT REALLY SHOWS. If this was a 3DS game I wouldn't care as much. In AC1 every target had a different face. In this game only select targets have different faces. I don't know man this game could have been really good but if I have to point my finger at ONE thing that could have caused this game to be so crap, it would be that its annualized. A game like this should come out once ever 2-3 years so ideas are refreshed and not recycled. And thats a fact. This game shows that. AC4 was amazing. Completely different and fun. Sure not everyone liked sailing, but you have to give credit where credit is due and that game brought new ideas changing things up a bit. This game however; just tries to recycle some of the good from the past games just to make a game. Thats it. There is a new thing added to this game and thats the Rope Launcher. At first I thought it was pretty cool but then some great immersion breaking things pop up. I wouldn't have minded if the Rope Launcher was used to scale up and down buildings quickly, however; you can clearly see that you're firing an infinite number of ropes, sliding across them, then leaving them. and doing the same thing over and over. That to me is very immersion breaking. and I know why the rope launcher is in the game. Because of the way London is. To get from rooftop on one side of the street to the other is nearly impossible because of the gaps. I wish this game wasn't made in London because of that. It is so annoying chasing targets on the street or on the rooftops. Extremely annoying era. I think it could have been much better in China, or India where homes are compact and close together. Aside from that the last thing that I didn't like was the way the Jack the Ripper DLC was presented. It's shown through the Animus..... You play as 3 different characters... How? Once you play it you'll understand what I mean. But immersion breaking things are present there too.

Overall; game ran fine but is extremely repetitive. Story is nearly absent in the main campaign and the Jack the Ripper DLC has slightly better story but thats about it. Side objectives lacked any kind of creativity. London could have been better explored and utilized but I feel like they missed a good opportunity. I bought this on sale and if you're a fan of Assassin's Creed, I suggest you buy it on sale too if you have to play it. It's probably my least liked Assassin's Creed game. Please play this game with a SweetFX profile to make the game look better.
 

Dark Exsphere
133 products in account
5
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.2 hrs on record
Posted: 13 May, 2021
This one has my favorite aesthetic in the whole series. Hopping around a soot-filled city where people mince about puddles in brushed clothing covered in fancy buttons... And the Edwardian steam punk styling bristling with artsy brass and wrought iron filigrees just pushes the grandeur to eleven.

The story is not the best for the franchise, but is balanced with the good gameplay. The DLC is meh.
 

MagnaCarta
638 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.5 hrs on record
Posted: 1 September, 2021
The AC franchise is plagued with stories that feel repetitive, but with Syndicate there were a lot of changes made to made it feel more unique. Two different characters's diverging stories (siblings) that turn into a converging story line, with little-to-none Abstergo Entertainment side plot, along with: more game mechanics, side quests with storylines, and overall a fun experience like Black Flag (IV) was. There were annoying glitches, but I always expect that with AC games unfortunately. Also, too many chests, you expect me to get 60 chests in 9 different regions? nah.
 

Fluffino
102 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2016
While i am sure that the game itself is really good, judging by the many gameplay videos online, i would not recommend getting it for the PC over Steam. I spent about £30 on this product to find it got to the logo and ceases to work. I've read through many comments from several others who have experienced this problem and personally feel that Ubisoft hasn't done enough to ensure this game can be played on a PC. Should this be fixed i might have better things to say about it. But sadly for now i must say this is not a good product on Steam.
 

sonicrox124
15 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.6 hrs on record
Posted: 24 June, 2019
London is beautiful and massive. But inside its core, it doesn't seem to be as good as it looks like. Boring story, but interesting combat. And you just keep taking control of the layers, so boring.
For AC fans and those who haven't played AC before, I recommend it still.
 

Link
175 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: 14 August, 2019
(+)
Pros (Comparing to Unity) :
- Minimalized bugs and glitches since AC Unity
- Graphics and musics are better than Unity does

Pros (What's new) :
- The first Assassin's Creed game that allows you to switch between Assassins
- Grappling hook makes easier to climb
- New environments (Transportations, Barrels, and Revolver)

(-)
Cons (Comparing to Unity) :
- AC Unity story is better than this one
- My controller sometimes broken, I didn't experience any single controller errors in AC Unity

Cons (What's new) :
- I don't even care about the main story. I only love taking control of enemy teritory gangs.

Price Worthness :
Full Price : 60%
75-90% Price : 70%
50-74% Price : 85%
25-49% Price : 95% (I bought for 30% price or 10 U$D during this sale)
 

[TEH] Gibrandon-X
84 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.4 hrs on record
Posted: 3 February, 2021
Fairly straightforward trying to figure out where to go and what to do next; the game gently leads you through any initial unfamiliarity you may have. The main thing for me is just the joy of wandering through the streets of Victorian London, complete with an utterly fascinating array of wall advertising posters and an architectural nineteenth century heaven. Not reached the river yet. Can't wait.
 

ed
37 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 February
rooks go brrrrr
 

ENZO
202 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.2 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2017
The Story was like 5 / 10
And the Game itself is 7,5 / 10

But it's good.
 

Flughörnchen Angriff
219 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2020
Great Graphics, Stealth mode and storyline are great,
 

Jonny Bhai
60 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2017
Not fun. Repetative.
Enemy AI are roughly all the same.
Combat system is very basic with some classy finishing animations however its very repeatative and not entertaining after the first 10.
 

Arctic Sharpie
239 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.4 hrs on record
Posted: 8 April
just a good game in general
 

yeshatter
122 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 February
+ Great visuals, Familiar AC-style, Interesting side missions, Typical customisation & collectables, Industrial vibe, Some stealth, Historical characters, Mostly fun combat.
- Frustrating controls, Bland characters, Flat story-line, Limited assassin presence, Annoying climbing, Limited & unplayable modern-day content, Mediocre animations, Slow menus.

7.53 / 10
 

Danndx
302 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.8 hrs on record
Posted: 14 December, 2020
Product received for free

What a great game! Story rich, entertaining and fun. I am a big fan of Assains Creed games and i need to tell ya all, this is amazing! Oh my...another great game from Ubisoft! I recommend this to all Assasins Creed fans.
 

Danny ツ
28 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
83.1 hrs on record
Posted: 27 September, 2017
"Oh, right, my mistake. Ladies and gentlemen, the unstoppable Frye twins; see them nightly at nightly at Covent Garden!"

9/10

P.S. Story is too short with some unnescessary characters. After the story, it gets boring and repetitive. So I suggest you liberate some of London first then finsih the story.
 

BuoyTuoy
168 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.7 hrs on record
Posted: 9 December, 2015
I played AC Revelation, AC3 , AC black flag (my personal favorite) and this one.

Okay, maybe UNITY was soo bad, and fail. I watched it on Youtube and played it once on my PS4...
It is bad

But...

This game, Assassin Creed really come back from the ground

Syndicate is a beautiful historical story action game.
It is currently my 2nd best after Black Flag


-------------------------------------
Map is soo huge and it is a London. Come on, who doesnt want to jump over Big Ben and watching Thames river?

Maybe it is not as huge as before (Black Flag), but it is big enough

4/5
--------------------------------------------
Graphic? Well damn, it is very very beautiful.
I am using GTX 980, when i launched the game on the first time.
It dettected me to 4K resolution with lowest setting (because i am using 4K monitor)
And i didn't know it was Low until i checked the setting.

Lowest setting is still good in my opinion, and on Ultra setting, damn it's very beautiful
5/5
-------------------------------------------
Sound
Great music and ambience arround london, and voice acting are good too.
5/5
-------------------------------------
Performance
Yeah you know, Ubi....
There is some glitch (maybe one or two each sequence)
And yeah, ACS.exe crashed happen to me time to time
Usually after changing sequence
But after i disabled Uplay and set it to offline, thank god it is gone right now.

Haven't found any map bugs... yet

3/5
------------------------------------

Overall : 8/10

Great game, perfect for christmass holiday
and it is very very fun to run at London city in the middle of 18
 

NichoZefanya
158 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2016
Product refunded

Waited for it to go on sale, bought, installed, uninstalled, reinstalled, verified, moved, ran as admin, nothing...

AC Logo Simulator 2016 ... thank you for your prompt refund
 

Verrice
153 products in account
1
30 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is basically when Ubisoft put on hearing aids and pulled their ♥♥♥♥ together.
 

drop the beet
119 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2018
Stab stab stab hide stab.

Fun
 

Malarky
1,255 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: 21 October, 2021
My names DEEZ
 

Margaret Thatcher
36 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2018
I bought this game 2 years ago and never played it sadly because my PC couln't handle it but since getting my new pc I hav really been enjoying it!
 

LostInTheSauce?
44 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: 15 July, 2020
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is a welcome addition to the AC franchise. After the poor Unity experience, this feels like a breath of fresh air with a good story and well written characters. Exploring London is also a wonderful experience and some of the gameplay mechanics feels nice. Overall, I would recommend you play this game.
 

StarKiller
87 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: 3 April, 2016
Product refunded

My review is not about the gameplay mechanics of the story since after days of trying to play the game it has been impossible. When I open the game it gets stuck on the "assassin's creed" logo and will not go further. I have tried several solutions (reinstalling, troubleshooting, contacting ubisoft support) and nothing. THe most frustrating thing is the ubisoft answer which was "you do not meet the minimun requirements of graphic card" when my graphics card is the recommended one rather than the minimun requirements one. Ubisoft games for pc for some reason do not work. Couldn't play Watchdogs either (the key was already in use even though I had just bought the game). Extremely dissapointed.
 

rpartarrieus
46 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
89.5 hrs on record
Posted: 14 August, 2017
I personally recommend this game. I love open world parkour games and this ACS fits with the traditional mechanics but with a new twist to things which balances it out nicely and makes it a brilliant game to play. The storyline for this game was also very nice and interesting which made me want to keep playing, I would highly recommend you getting this game if you like action-filled parkour with some funny moments between. The missions were also very fitting within the storyline and kept me playing without becoming bored.
There are a few secrets within this game so after you've completed it, have a look around for them :-)
 

lia
112 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.5 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2018
I think it is one of the best games I've ever played. Not too short or too long, cool story and a lot of sidequest.
But driving a chariot through the streets of London is the best part of the Game.
Just play it yourself and you'll see!
 

azzure
52 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.2 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2015
So far I'm loving this game! Being immersed in London is awesome. It takes a bit to get used to the controls, as I haven't really played other Assassin's Creed games much. You do get the hang of it eventually though. This one, is well worth it. Quite an adventure so far! Be warned - graphics requirements are quite high on this one - it's taxing my GTX 660ti, but I managed to get it looking good by using SweetFX 2.0 and lowering the in-game settings which helped my FPS.
 

KoreReactor
105 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: 3 April, 2019
It was ok game. Not so bad as people say but not best of series as I did hope. Gets boring quite fast at some points and dosnt feel rewarding for many weapons but its still fun to play. I reccomend wait for a discount thou with buying it

My biggest issue was the online shop just shoving stuff in your face everytime you go to menu

My biggest fun with game was probably robbing trains and doing some zipline assasinations
 

Flik the Changeling
156 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.9 hrs on record
Posted: 26 June, 2016
I don't usually write reviews and I'm just going to say this. AC II > Black Flag > Syndicate, that being said I would ONLY get the game if it's on sale for it to be truly worth it.
 

archonath
48 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.9 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
As a fan of the series I can say this is a return to form for Ubisoft. It's been a while since I have enjoyed just seeing the sights as much as I am in 1868 London.
 

Kerigor
240 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: 15 July, 2016
Product refunded

Wouldn't let me play. Downloaded the game twice and all it showed was the damn logo. Fix this please.
 

TridentEcho ツ
80 products in account
1
11 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: 14 January, 2019
10/10 Would assist Karl Marx with commie revolution again
 

Durovnax
130 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2018
(+)
-awesome gameplay
-awesome graphics
-great characters
-great story
-very addictive game
(-)
-map is too small

Still recommended game
 

JISOO KIM
54 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: 8 July, 2017
It's better than Unity.
 

BlackSymmetry
254 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.6 hrs on record
Posted: 3 January, 2016
Great game: first this is already better then unity. this a good game love the rope launcher but you need a very good pc mine is good and it had to run it in low settings
 

Daredcell
83 products in account
0
111 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: 24 November, 2015
I just found it boring. :l

It didn't feel like there was much of a backstory to any of the characters. There are no more swords. Not a lot of customization to the characters compared to the rest of the games. There was even an option to buy IG money. THIS IS A SINGLE PLAYER GAME WHY DO I NEED TO BUY MONEY. :l

~Edit~

Since quite a few people actually took a look at my review I feel like I should explain a bit more as to what I stated above.

-Regarding the backstory for the characters, it just felt very rushed compared to other AC games. You jump right into the action with both characters, and with previous AC games, it was not like that whatsoever. Some people might've liked this fast pace change, and I'm sure (maybe) that you learned a bit more about the characters throughout the game, but in my -short- time of playing, I only got a taste of there witty banter towards each other and others.

-I should also throw in, whilst it does say that the two characters have preferred roles (one a brawler and the other more stealth oriented), I didn't feel that difference at all.

-On weapons and equipment, it makes complete sense (excluding the obvious assassin equipment) for the time period. Ubisoft did a good job with that. It's just that the combat with the weapons given to us were just unimpressive, again, compared to the previous AC games. I'm an assassin with access to a vast amount of weapons, so why are my only options a khukri, a cane sword, and some gauntlets? The additions of having a pistol wasn't that bad, however.

-There was a severe lacking of outfits that you could obtain (comparing it from the last game), but I guess something to keep in mind is that you're also playing with two characters. Managing both of the characters loadouts just became ennoying. Now, you can purchase some more outfits as a DLC... :l

-I think the fact that Ubisoft has a feature to buy IG money (I don't know if this has changed) is a bit poor, considering that this is a singleplayer game.

Do I recommend this game at full price? No. Do I recommend it if it ever goes on sale? Yes.

Because whilst I do address some issues about this game, Ubisoft really tried and suceeded to give us a better game from AC Unity. It still feels like an AC game. The combat is still fun. (it however felt better in Unity, refer to my statement about weapons). It still has -some- interesting story to get invested in. It's an alright game. I'd like to say I interested to see what Ubisoft has in store for us for the franchise in the future, but I'd rather much prefer that they take there time on the next one. (We got a spoiler about Syndicate nearly a month after Unity, whilst there was still issues being patched on Unity. :l)
 

Cato K-2
296 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 June
Amazing steampunk experience. Experience the true feel of ancient London whilst soaring from building to building like Micheal Jordan on steroids this game is one of my favorites of all time and favorite of the assassins creed series. The transitions between the 2 main leads from time to time are very refreshing and the balance and freedom of changing characters add to the aesthetic. (I also LOVE the 2 main characters.) The graphics are amazing on their own and for a game made 5 years ago (2015.) The variety of skills there is to choose from while keeping it easy to get skill points is awesome. Most assassins creed games focus too much on the main story and this game is the most open world in the series. Exploration is really fun with historical sights like big ben and more. On top of that if you choose to main the story even that is super enjoyable since the missions for the story have open-world aspects too. GET THIS GAME! It's worth the price and I have over 800 hours in the game and have replayed it several times. the autosaving mechanics of crafting, collecting, weapon variety, armor, resources to collect, and so much more in the game help you feel like the world is realistic if it weren't for the fact that you can jump from big ben into a box of hay and survive. BUY IT!!! Me, Jacob, And Evia can't wait to see you in one of the best games of all time.
 

Trippin
193 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.8 hrs on record
Posted: 7 December, 2017
I only have a few hours played on this game and already I can't take the repetitive gameplay and uninspired storyline. This is not horrible, this is just plain boring. It feels like pure grind. All the good Ubi games have some of this grind built in to some extent, but they add many layers on top to make it feel multi-dimensional and immersive. This is a game without a soul. You just go through the motions. If you've played some of the better ACs, don't get your hopes up, this pales in comparison. Had I known how generic and forgetful this one was, I would never have paid full price. Even so, I can't find the motivation to finish it. At least wait for the sales if you really want a go at this one.
 

Generic user
96 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2017
I enjoyed both the base game and the Jack the Ripper DLC. The game is quite different in comparison to the other AC games I've played so far. In this one, you can use a grappling hook to climb buildings which saves so much boring time climbing, and also the game has use of drivable carriages. The combat has some nice features, such as the special takedown in the Jack the Ripper DLC. It's a mass knife slaughter and this creates a really fun experience as Jack the Ripper.

Although the game is quite different to the AC games I'm used to, I would recommend this game. It's almost a mix between Assassin's Creed and Grand Theft Auto... sorta.
 

EthanCrambo
1,542 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: 13 January, 2019
❤ Audience ❤
☑ Beginner
☑ Casual Gamer
☑ Normal Gamer
☑ Expert

☼ Graphics ☼
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Fantastic

♬ Music ♬
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Fantastic

☠ Difficulty ☠
☑ Easy
☐ Average
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard
☐ Unfair

§ Bugs §
☐ Bugs destroy the game
☐ Lots of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing encountered

☯ Story ☯
☐ There is none
☐ Bad
☑ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

⚔ Gameplay ⚔
☐ Frustrating
☐ Sleepy
☐ Boring
☑ Fun
☐ Challenging

۞ Game time / Length ۞
☐ Really short (0 - 3 hours)
☐ Short (4 - 8 hours)
☑ Few hours (10 - 20 hours) [if you focus on the main story]
☑ Long (40-60 hours) [if you complete everything]
☐ Very Long (61-100 hours)
☐ Extremely Long (101+ hours)

$ Price / Quality $
☐ Full price
☑ Wait for Sale
☐ Don't buy
☐ Refund it if you can
 

LM
333 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: 8 November, 2017
Before the release of Assassins Creed: Origins, and despite the criticism of the game, I had this installment on my personal list of top 3 best overall Assassins Creed games. I do acknowledge the fact that the gameplay mechanics and modern storyline were repetitive and recycled from earlier AC games, but if you take the game as it’s own entity it is a strong installment in the series. It features a strong storyline set in Victorian England and features gameplay elements from AC:2 and AC:Brotherhood as well as new mobility mechanics with great graphics and a cool setting. The two protagonists are refreshing and unique and it was a nice touch to have two simultaneous storylines in the game. Unfortunately, the side quests were the weak point of this game. They were extremely repetitive and there was no real incentive to complete all of them. Other than that, I would definitely recommend this game.
 

elden pleb
74 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: 19 March, 2020
If you love Victorian London and want to explore every inch of it, check out this amazing game. loved every second of the story and game play
 

Evilcupcakes1
14 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.6 hrs on record
Posted: 24 May, 2021
Marvelous game world.
Great setting.
Good performance for a post-Unity game.
And yes, your hideout is a moving steam train.
 

X-RAY
428 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2020
Most underrated Assassin's Creed game.
 

The Leper King
190 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: 30 December, 2019
Love this game even though the game control can make you cringe sometimes when you're in a rush. The main story are kinda boring in my opinion. But the game is far more better if you bought it along with Jack The Ripper DLC because you can see the the twin's character development and something else.
 

Arkangel
144 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
After the unoptimized mess that was Unity, AC Syndicate really is a breath of fresh air. Interesting, likable protagonists, an intriguing story and fun stealth and melee gameplay make for a game you will be happy to come back to over and over again. Highly recommended for any fan of AC.
 

ViciousFridge
428 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
This game is definitely optimized better than Unity was. I've got a GTX 970 and after tweaking the settings a bit, I'm running 1920x1080 at 100 Hz with no noticeable problems. I bumped it down to 60 Hz after messing around for a little bit so I could connect to my tv and it's running smooth as silk.

I'll write more later after I've gotten to play it for a few hours.
 

Blackwind121
220 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.6 hrs on record
Posted: 21 October, 2018
The game ran well for the most part however once in a while when driving the carriages at high speeds the game would freeze up for a bit. Many other people have reported this issue and I'm running a gtx 970 with an intel 4460. Overall I would recommend this game story mode was quite good and there are a lot of side activities to do. However the side activities can feel repetitive after awhile. Definitely buy the game when it goes on sale thats what I did.
 

S0uljꭤḣ
11 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.6 hrs on record
Posted: 12 July, 2017
The game was really good. The graphics were great and the story and gameplay pulled you in. The game was a fair bit buggy but as is all Assassin's Creed games. At the point of writing this review I have 81% of the entire game completed including collectibles. For some people, I can see the game getting repetitive, but its a good mix of challenge and ease, in which it allowed me to easily enjoy the game, but by like 75% way through the story if not a bit before, it became extremely easy due to all the upgrades as I went around doing all the collectibles and such. This is not like the classic Assassin's Creed games in the sense that there are a lot of new mechanics that werent in the previous games such as horse-drawn carriages and the zipline. I do miss being able to sail a ship from previous games but nonetheless the game was enjoyable.

Part	Specs
Operating System	Windows 10 64-Bit
Processor	Intel Core i7-5820K
Graphics Card	EVGA GeForce GTX 980 Ti FTW
RAM	32GB Corsair Vengeance LPX
Hard Drive	Seagate 1TB/8GB SSHD
 

FluxZ
5,123 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
124.9 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2016
A complete step up from the mess of Assassin Creed Unity. However, still disappointed with the in game micro-transactions.
 

Blackwolfe
150 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.6 hrs on record
Posted: 14 December, 2015
Re-write what Unity done last year.
AC fans should grab it.
 

daiyakarn
138 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: 21 May, 2017
8/10 - Very Good

Assassin's Creed: Syndicate is fun to play, with a good main story (as always), lots of side missions, and new game mechanics to further enhance the play-style of the standard AC gameplay.

GOOD

Main story is interesting, I was always wondering what was going to happen next.
Jack the Ripper DLC is one of the best DLC campains I have ever played, exceeding my expectations greatly. Good enough to be a standalone game if it was just a bit longer...perfect length for DLC, though.
A few new game mechanics (grappling line, carriage driving, etc.)
Signature AC stealth and parkour.

BAD

Modern Abstergo story realizes just how pointless it is by having almost nothing to do with the main story...maybe this should be listed under the Good, lol, I always thought the "modern" story was needless drivel.
While the environment of Old London is really cool, graphics overall prove to be lackluster. NPCs that aren't main characters look drab and unpolished; the buildings all look dusty, and not in the sense of dirt, but rather lack of vibrance.
Same signature AC stealth and parkour comes with same signature AC glitchy maneuvering. In one instance, I died multiple times because my character would ignore the handholds not inches away, and simply plummet to the ground.
Animation glitches: free-running across thin air, executing enemies without touching them.

CONCLUSION

Assassin's Creed: Syndicate has the same old formula as most AC games, as well as the same old problems. But, it's far from bad, it's actually rather enjoyable to play...highly recommend the Jack the Ripper expansion as well.
Game currently runs on Steam for $40, Jack the Ripper is $15, it's worth it for both.
 

Cap. Tank
315 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
85.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 July, 2021
I spent 84 hours on a game that's only supposed to take 19.
 

Nyle
27 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: 31 March, 2017
good story, great gameplay, awesome game!
 

HasanView
70 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 6

Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: 29 June, 2019
It's fun and better optimized than AC Unity.
 

Azurite
100 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: 21 July, 2020
Clothing is weird and capped at 30 or 15 for the animations. I'm pretty sure there's a fix to this but I don't want to go through the trouble. Also I have had to restart the game 3 times because every time i reach a certain mission, it bugs out and i either get spotted no matter what i do which results in a instant fail or I fall through the map. Hoping the 4th restart will fix this but doubtful :(
 

Topus
146 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
194.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 June
"What's this, Greenie? Assassin Christmas?"

Haha! I love this game. It's also considered the last "classic style" AC game. I will never understand why people had a problem with it. There was a lot of innovation. Some reasons are understandable. Others are just short-sighted, in my opinion. Let's talk about the parkour. It's nowhere near as complex as in AC: Unity, even though it uses the same system. A lot of Unity's stylish animations were removed, and freedom of movement was also removed, such as allowing "dangerous jumps" to be performed. As in, jumping from heights that would kill you, but being able to save yourself by performing a manual ledge grab / breakfall. It's understandable that Victorian London's architecture and style doesn't allow for parkour as complex and satisfying as Paris. The buildings and streets are simply too spaced out. Yes, I live in UK, and yes, I used to do parkour as a kid. It was hard to find decent spots that weren't busy, corporate property where you'd likely get kicked out of LOL! xD For that, AC: Syndicate's solution was the Hidden Blade's latest attachment, the grappling hook, acting as a climbing tool or zip-line to get from point A to point B as fast as possible. It feels very satisfying to use, it looks cool, it fits the Steampunk vibe, but at the same time, it kinda removes the need for classic parkour. I enjoy the faster-paced combat and animation diversity. The combos, the multi-kill system, etc... with unique weapons such as deadly canes, kukris and brass-knuckles. Anyone complaining about having to hit an enemy 50 times before they die... do me a favour and buy yourself some higher quality gear, will you? And some perks that focus on bringing enemies down to "Near-Death State" quicker. It literally takes 1 or 2 hits to kill an enemy in hand-to-hand combat if you know the game's mechanics and progression system. And you can even insta-kill enemies with your first strike if the right conditions are met, taking down an entire group of enemies in seconds. Come on, people... first you complained that the classic, older AC games were too simple and repetitive, and the counter-kill system made everything too easy and automatic...

Now, AC Syndicate's stealth and NPC AI works much better than Unity's. In Unity, the tools (smoke bombs, etc..) were your solution to everything. And I'm not complaining. It felt amazing. But in Syndicate, everything just feels snappier. I like the improvements a lot. I think the gameplay is one of the best things about Syndicate. Manually and silently aiming throwing knives at enemies' heads feels good. Zip-line assassinations bring a whole new dynamic to the gameplay and creativity of tackling a stealth situation. Kidnapping is introduced as both a stealth mechanic and mission objective. The former allows for any enemy not aware of Jacob/Evie, to be kidnapped and used as a form of social blending, allowing access to restricted areas. Whistling is back, and it's very useful. There's different methods of transportation (GTA-style) like horse-drawn carriages with a lot of variety in terms of size, durability, speed and control, which you can ram into other carriages to cause mayhem and destruction or hop onto the roof of your carriage to shoot your enemies, or to jump onto another enemy's carriage and hijack it. There's better side activities which aren't just you going around stealing items / killing dudes. The Murder Mysteries are genius work! They're much more complex and dynamic than AC Unity's, with new mechanics such as tracing the trajectory of a projectile that killed the victim back to its original, potential location, only to find a firearm hidden nearby, etc.. That sort of thing. There's gang allies that you can recruit and call for help, which is reminiscent of the early Ezio AC games, there's a bigger presence of kids than in any other AC game, so the world feels a bit more alive and believable, and whoever thought to make your hideout on a moving train that goes around the city is a genius. It feels so good to return there in between missions, collect income, etc.. and see your twin (which makes comments on your attire and weapons) as well as other side characters chilling about. So cozy.

Let's talk a bit about the narrative. The modern day. What's Abstergo up to this time?

In 2015, Bishop contacts the Helix Initiate to help herself and fellow Assassins Shaun Hastings and Rebecca Crane locate a Piece of Eden, apparently hidden in a vault, somewhere in London. Through camera drones, the Initiate watches the pair of Assassins conduct their field work and download the memories of the twins Jacob and Evie Frye. The artefact is The Shroud, actually teased back in AC2 (The truth puzzles, I believe) the very same piece of cloth that "resurrected" Jesus Christ. Cool lore. Abstergo plans to find it. Instead of cloning a member of the First Civilisation like they planned to in AC Unity, they intend to recreate one from scratch using the Shroud's cellular level healing ability inside their secret laboratories. Very disturbing, but very interesting. The Assassins must stop them before it's too late, because Juno is still out there after Desmond set her free back in 2012. Collect Helix Glitches in game and you will unlock new Present Day Assassin Intel and backstories related to The Shroud, that date back to the Italian Renaissance and the Auditore Villa. Nice throwbacks :) The present-day story, even though there's no gameplay unfortunately, is still pretty great. The action sequences during pre-rendered cutscenes are badass and very high quality, using the full CGI character models, and it's nice to see familiar faces such as Shaun and Rebecca reminiscing about Desmond and how they miss him. Real fan service. Master Assassin Galina Voronina also makes an appearance (she is known from the AC comic books) and helps them take the fight to the Templars, even saving their lives from Otso Berg's elite Sigma Team. Again, very, very badass, especially the end cinematic with that music.

The game has the player take on the role of an Initiate, same as in Unity, as they explore the story of the twin Assassin protagonists, Jacob and Evie Frye, both of whom are playable at any time during the open world exploration and side missions, but they both have their own unique missions too during the main story. Jacob, a brash and charismatic lad searching for glory and the spilling of Templar blood, much like a younger Ezio, and Evie, a smart, beautiful, by-the-book sort of lass who likes to apply knowledge and a more tactical approach to her mission assignments. There is a nice dynamic between the two, typical of twins, with Jacob getting slightly more screen time during main missions as he's the one that gets to cut down Templar after Templar in the best "black-box" style Assassin's Creed mission structures yet! While Evie searches for a Piece of Eden and cleans up after Jacob.. xD The two arrive in London in 1868, as the Industrial Revolution reaches its climax, bringing its lot of inequality and poverty in a city controlled by the Templars and Grandmaster Crawford Starrick, which is a very likeable antagonist, in my opinion. To stop their rule, the Fryes will take over the organised crime in an effort to gather an army, called The Rooks by Jacob, and free London while helping the working folk, such as eliminating forced child labour and liberating London's boroughs. The game can be pretty light-hearted at times, with Jacob making sarcastic comments in every sentence and Evie calling him out for being immature. I love it, and it was much needed, especially after Unity's rather tragic love story / Shakespearean-play kind of ending. I recommend!

Jack the Ripper DLC is excellent. A must play! A disturbing, almost horror-like, cinematic experience set 20 years after the main game. The Last Maharajah DLC is an abomination, though. While interesting in concept, it's extremely buggy and "low-budget"..
 

N7Andy
41 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: 6 September, 2020
AC Syndicate The game we make Gangwars ! ;

*Game includes Sexy Steampunk style.
*Nice England is my city map.
*Enemy's has level system like in unity so dont attack level 4 with 2.
*Well designed Texure's of the massive productive britain era.
*Public voice includes london accent and culture not really.
*Graphics are still really good.
*Have a good story line.
*Have a lot's off extra missions & DLC.

Graphic 8/10 still ok
Sounds 8/10 it works out.
Optimize 8/10 everythin was fine.
Bugs 9/10 i would say bug simulator.
Equalization 8/10 combat takes a while on big number not like in the old games u one tap 20 guy in a minute
Story 10/10 Storyline is fine and interesting but i liked DLC more.
Map 10/10 I mean ENGLAND is my city so.
Mechanics 8/10 Typic Assassin's creed nothin new but i like u climb more fast with the rope.
Animation 7/10 Animation's are typic ubisoft not many of them and simple as usual.
Town&LootArea 9/10 i like loot.
Weapon 10/10 yeah interestin weapon types.
Crafting 8/10 yeah craft anythin like ur weapon and pocket etc.
Perks 9/10 more interesting addin into this game is actually usage of your loot and money to givin gang perks and your char perks pretty unique.

I would recommend you to the play this game this game deserve like 20 £.
 

Brunwick™
1,487 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 March, 2019
Probably the last "Assassin's Creed" game in the series. While the story and characters (especially the Frye twins) aren't the strongest we've come to experience so far, the gameplay loop is exceptionally addictive. Blackbox assassination missions in AC Syndicate are also a step-up from Unity, and stealth is actually pretty good too.

If you're experiencing performance issues, make sure the game is installed on SSD and set the "ACSyndicate.exe" priority to "Normal" from Task Manager > Details menu. The graphics have held up quite well except the terrible LOD popping and lack of in-game anisotropic filtering. Fortunately, you can find plenty workarounds on the web for that.
 

Jager
77 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.5 hrs on record
Posted: 27 February, 2021
ive played this after finishing unity and boy what an experience

while the parkour in this game is inferior to the one in unity imo, the historical elements, characters and the narrative of the frye twins is AMAZING.

imo, the narrative is really and really really good. while unity was enough to get the job done in making arno a likeable character and suffer what he suffers in the story, the narrative in syndicate is SO much better and the development and chemestry between the frye twins just add up to the experience.

the associate missions of helping marx, darwin, dickens and etc are also a really nice addition that immerses u more in the world of the industrial revolution and 1800's london

the game is simply amazing, while comparing it with unity id say they both have ups and downs, but syndicate has conquered me in a way id never expect
 

bokæo
80 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
84.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 August, 2016
I'am a long time fan of this series and definitely recommend this game. The gameplay is great as always, and London is a great location. It's different having 2 characters to play as but I enjoy it and I really like Jacob and Evie. I have a GTX 970, with an i7 4790 and run it at 1080p 60fps no problem with high settings and hbao+ enabled. My only real gripe with this game is the so-called "new dynamic combat system." It's a lot more enjoyable than AC Unity combat but it's incredbly easy. It's really dumbed down imo and not challenging at all. Unity's combat was a lot more challenging; something I wanted in the franchise but then they take it away. Still love the game but looking forward to 2017's installment. I'm hoping for more challenging combat.
 

frkgamer23
176 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 April, 2016
A decent Assassin's Creed game to play, maybe? But honestly, I do really like the combat style in this.
 

Neorist
291 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.1 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2018
One of the things I liked the most about AC was that the killings were usually near the person's death IRL, which makes the alternate universe so more interesting.
 

Melville ヅ
90 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2017
having put in around 50 hours or so offline (moved house and lost internet for a week, alas) and come to around 95% completion right now I think I can fairly come to the conclusion that this, along with Rogue are my least favourite AC games.

I'll skip any kind of review of the story because it's not really that memorable at all, the side missions with famous people like Karl Marx and Charles Darwin are much more memorable than the main plot.

The grappling hook...oh the grappling hook. It destroys any sense of exploration in Syndicate because you'll find yourself zipping across the rooftops to get to objectives as quickly as possible when you're not even lazier using fast travel; you'll never really get to know the map like I felt I did in Unity which was great, knowing where to go without using the minimap gives you a great sense of accomplishment and you have to give props to the devs for that. I've lived in London and know the city very well and I still felt disconnected from the city/map in Syndicate even though I know my way around (of course the scale here is smaller but landmarks etc are in roughly the same place). Missions are spread out too far and getting from one place to the other requires no effort when you have fast travel and a grappling hook - or of course the carriages which give you the annoying "follow me" line because apparently we're 5 year olds who need our hands held through the entire game...

The one thing this game really has going for it is that you have two characters to play and for the most part you get to choose unless you're doing character specific story missions where you're forced to use one or the other. Which is a shame because I would've gladly played the entire game with Evie since Jacob is at the very least as insufferably macho as Ezio. At least when leveling up as Evie those points became available automatically for Jacob too - even though I only played as him when I was forced to. He's my least favourite male lead in the entire series.

Since AC3 I've only truly enjoyed Unity and the Chronicles series. I know Black Flag is everyone's favourite after AC2 but for me the over reliance on island hopping and ships was a real drag. Too much pirating, not enough Assassin-ing. Thank god Assassin's Creed: Origins will be out soon and hopefully a grand return to the roots of the series. I've played every single AC title and if I were to speak to anyone about the series that hadn't played it but was looking to start - I would absolutely suggest skipping Assassin's Creed Syndicate.
 

SƐRƗƑ
169 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Superb Game. Runs flawlessly. Everything Unity wasn't
 

My Boat Floats
480 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: 20 June, 2020
explore the london in robes of an assassin on roof rops with parkour ...i swear u be lost with those graphics and story line...
 

Ab-1319
50 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.6 hrs on record
Posted: 4 February, 2017
Pros
-Nice graphics
-combat is great
-good story
-great character customization
 

James Hunter
166 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
87.1 hrs on record
Posted: 4 June, 2016
So Immediately after attempting to start the game I already have a problem. The game just gives me the Assassins Creed Syndicate splash screen, and doesn't even load the game. I tried everything. I've tried reinstalling it on my main drive. I tried verifying game cache. I've tried all the advice I can find online, my computer meets the system requirements. I know this isn't just me because it's happening to many people.

As far as I'm concerned I shouldn't even be spending hours trying to fix a problem when I'm the one buying the product that I expect to work when I purchase it and not have to spend hours trying to fix it, then shortly after I find out there is no fix. (That may vary)


Congratulations on being one of the laziest game publishers/developers ubisoft, really fantastic job. You possibly wasted 65 of my precious Dollars , and many hours of my time. because of your lazy attitude towards your customers.

If this is how you treat the continued loyalty of your customers and fans of the Assassins Creed franchise I honestly hope Vivendi completely buys you out and runs you into the ground.
 

Rin/DeadSector
282 products in account
3
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: 22 September, 2017
Pretty good story line, black flag is still the best in my opinion, also had a lot of crash issues after major story line segments were completed. But overall pretty good assasins creed.
 

Doth
149 products in account
4
13 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
67.2 hrs on record
Posted: 7 June, 2021
 

Friendly Hoovy
40 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.2 hrs on record
Posted: 30 August, 2019
I would realy like to love the game, for real. The setting is amzing and London looks gorgeous. The story as well as the Jack the Ripper DLC are quite entertaining. But seriously ♥♥♥♥ the controls of this game and all the other Assassin's Creed games while we are at it. It happened way, way, WAY to bloody often that I faild a mission or an optional goal because Jacob or Eve decided to get on a horse carriage instead of ramming the fleeing target. Or that the ledge right next to them was too convinient and that it made much more sense to jump 30 meters BACKWARDS RIGHT IN TO THE ENEMY I TRIED TO AVOID. Dear Ubisoft, I hope you accidentally eat a pile of dog poo instead of going around it becaus BOTH ACTIONS ARE SET TO THE SAME BLOODY BUTTON.
 

Khetoun
121 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2018
Obviously this is a pretty late review, but I figured I may as well go back and review some of the stuff I have played.

Overall I feel I can't really reccomend Syndicate unless you are a fan of the series. The gameplay is pretty homogeneous: combat is bland and doesnt change much throughout the game, exploration does not feel too dynamic or rewarding, and overall there were not too many stand out moments across the story.

The game certainly has stuff going for it: the protagonists feel like they have character and charm, the setting of industrial-London is great, and the game runs well enough. But the gameplay is just not that great.
 

Gummy Egg
102 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.7 hrs on record
Posted: 7 May
AWESOMe
 

loafy
104 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
417.4 hrs on record
Posted: 19 December, 2015
Amazing game
 

Artoriaz
1,150 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: 14 August, 2016
After Assassin's Creed III and Unity: "This was NOT a good experience, I'm never playing another AC game ever again."

After Assassin's Creed Syndicate: "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! I need to go back and play all those AC games I've missed!"
 

Douglas Kim
1,702 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: 30 October, 2021
Overall Rating: 4/5
Good:
Conquering territories is a nice way to level up your character. It's a grind but fun and has a purpose. It also relates to the plot which is nice.
The grappling gun works well and let's you traverse the city quickly.
Stealth is a bit better than previous games and can be used as a tactic.
They story is light on but enjoyable, it doesn't take itself too seriously. If you are looking for realism you're gonna have a bad time as you'll be on jaunty side missions protecting Karl Marx and Charles Darwin.
What I did like about this one is the story progresses at a good pace and doesn't feel like it drags. You don't get stuck grinding just to complete a mission.

The Bad:
Still doesn't have a fully realised stealth system, enemies are eagle eyed and there's not much cover you can utilise. Seems like a no brainer for assassin's Creed to have better stealth because you are assassinating people more often than not.
Lacks non lethal weapons or easy ways to knock out enemies. Often you're just killing everyone and everything.
Combat is more arcade like with combos and multipliers. It's smoother but a bit too simplistic and button mashy. I would have preferred something more like in unity where you engage with the combat by dodging, parrying and striking instead of mashing attack and dodging occasionally.
Too many high powered guns later in the game which you can exploit with the data reload skill. After a while you just start shooting everything.
The main characters are ok but could have been fleshed out a bit more, not much depth here.
 

HAN_Abdülhamid
80 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.7 hrs on record
Posted: 28 March, 2017
After playing Black Flag I was afraid I'd never be able to enjoy an Assassin's Creed game again if it didn't include awesome naval warship combat. Well, Syndicate didn't have any warships, but it was amazingly fun without them.

At times this game felt like Grand Theft Carriage. The inclusion of horse drawn carriages lead to some of the most fun and chaotic moments in the game. There's nothing like hijacking a rival gangs supply delivery, and the high speed chases that ensue. It's reminiscent of the chariot battles in Ben Hurr. Smashing your carriage into enemies carriage, running them off the road, and jumping on the roof while your horses keep running so you can attempt a drive by shot to enemy drivers. It's a great adrenaline rush.

I also love the new main characters. The brother & sister duo of Jacob and Evie Frye are as charismatic and likable as Edward Kenway. Instead of being pirates, the siblings are street gang leaders. Battling rival Templar gangs for territorial dominance is the majority of the games side missions focus. You'll be doing various task to sabotage the rival gangs operations including - freeing children from poor labor conditions, hijacking cargo delivery, kidnapping leaders, to good ole assassinations. Once you do enough of these missions you'll draw out the enemy gangs general in a final Gangs of New York style brawl to determine who runs the region.

I really enjoyed the side missions and gang wars. I never grew tired or bored despite the inevitable repetitious nature of open world side missions.

This is certainly a great Creed game. The greatest? No, that's still Black Flag for me. However, Syndicate is a damn close second. I'm now excited again about the AC franchise, and looking forward to the next era.
 

Captain Serious
416 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: 25 June, 2018
Loved every second of it. Perfect setting for my taste (I love everything victorian/steampunk), streamlined and fun to play combat, gripping story (although it's another "get the artifact before the templars do" they made it interesting in the way it unfolds). The only minor complaint: some of the missions to conquer districts get a little repetetive.

All in all: if you like assassins creed and consider yourself a steampunker then get this game! If you just like assassins creed keep in mind that the combat an setting is a bit unconventional for the series, but in no way bad. Just different in a good way.
 

Gidelix
222 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: 5 July, 2017
Picked it up on year on release and what did I get?

AN AMAZING GAME

+Fixes most stuff from UNITY, still not great optimization tho, gtx 1060 running 40+ fps at ultra
+Grappling hook makes for interesting stealth options
+Pretty big open world, lack of Vibrant Colors unlike black flag
+About 50+ hours of gameplay ( I played mostly offline ) including side quests
+side quests take another interesting approach to historical figures
+GANGSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
+EVIE WITHOUT HER COATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
+Experienced 1 GLITCH throughout the entire game-This was a port definitely better than unity


If you're picking this up in 2017 waiting for orgins, I say-
GO FOR IT
 

Darklorel
197 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
221.9 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
Just One Word:
Amazing!
 

WashYourHands
24 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.0 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2017
Now, this is the very first assassins creed game i've ever played, and it is worth EVERY penny.


Great mechanics, story, combat, and most of all, stealth.


i would HIGHLY reccomend this game.
 

Tyto
203 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2020
Though the games is old and has some downsides, I think it is still an awesome game with known characters, which is nice to see and a good story.
 

Lucas6658
25 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
51.0 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
I'm a fan of the Assassin's Creed series, and while I skipeed Rogue and Unity since the first was a carbon copy of Black Flag, not a bad thing but I want a lower price for the title, and the latter was or is a technical mess, I return to the series with Syndicate and I have enjoyed the game so far. The graphics are superb, the performance is great, smooth as butter, and the story is compelling, because of the twins and the setting, that is the beautiful city of London and the Victorian time period. Combat mechanics are simple and fun, as always. Free run has been refined, and everything that is to expect from an Assassin's Creed game is there. I recommend it if you are an Assasins Creed's fan or this is your first Assassins Creed game. The experience is vastly superior on PC compared to PS4 or Xbox One, and my GTX 780 delivers a good performance, and uses only 4GB of RAM! For ultra details you'll need at least 4-5 GB of VRAM. Is playable on a GTX 780 with the highest details, but you'll see a lot of pooping textures and stuttering, but is three times better than the PS4 version. I play at high details, and the detail is sueprior too to consoles and with a frame reate superior to 40 fprs outside and 60 fps inside.

Overall, I recommend this game. Is fun and interesting. Great and scalable graphics, great performance. There's microtransactions, but they are not necessasry and just pay-to-cheat. Not a downside in my books. Just ignore them.

Now, I hated Assasins Creed III and that may explain why I'm so happy with Syndicate. No, I don't consider Black Flag part of the normal Assassin's Creed experience because of the ship and pirate stuff. More as an spin off, a pirate game. I come from playing Assassins Creed III which I don't recommend, and this is a big upgrade on everything.

Should you play it? Yes. It is worth full price? For me, yes, because I haven't played a good street based Assassin's Creed ever since AC II. But if you have played all past Assassin's Creed games there's no hurry on getting on the Syndicate wagon. This is the same as always, but way better.
 

IvcanGo
442 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2016
Good ac more ac-2 ac-brotherhood ac-revoIution ac-4(blackflag)
If you are ac fan you should buy it!!
ps.re-write than ac-unity so muchhh
 

็
573 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: 10 June, 2020
>No more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ climbing
>Actual working guns
>Brawling
>Victorian Era
>TOP HATS
It's not Assassin Creed but I like.
 

Post-Void Schizoid
663 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
36.0 hrs on record
Posted: 27 June, 2021
parkour
 

snufkid.ttv
65 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 July, 2019
I'm a big assassin's creed fan and I have to admit that this is one of the most surprising parts I've played. The trailer didn't impress me so much, so I thought it would be a flop like Rogue that I didn't like. But Syndicate is heavily stylish, you spend a lot of hours there and the tasks are fun and unusual. Moreover, the concept of switching between characters is brilliant. And I was very excited by the DLC. I definitely recommend it
 

Crank1997
107 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
34.1 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2020
Do not buy this game at full price, you will be disappointed. I suggest buying this game during Steam sale.
Pros :
1. The graphics
Cons:
1. Extremely buggy
2. The movement controls are somewhat flimsy
3. Random crashes
4. Average story
5. The DLCs are average, I suggest just buying the base game
Overall, buy this only if have some spare money in your bank account.
 

._Communists._Are._Trash
31 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Games great. FPS is fine. Gameplay is awesome. Combat has been GREATLY improved. And no bugs so far.
I would call this the rebirth of the series
 

wherewolf7
301 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
64.4 hrs on record
Posted: 12 December, 2016
ceases to run after I complete every mission. it's complete malarky i say!
 

SirDerp
439 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.2 hrs on record
Posted: 20 February, 2017
Nice and smoothy!
Once more, well done Ubisoft!
 

Jahasala
14 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
120.6 hrs on record
Posted: 10 April, 2020
Wow....going into this game, I assumed this was one of the worst games in the series because of how people talked about it. However, after 14 hours of gameplay and completing the main storyline, I can safely say this is one of my favorite games in the series. I didn't realize how much fun it would be to play as an Assassin during the industrial revolution. I loved every bit of it. There were a couple of things that annoyed me of course.

1st Con:

Since Unity, Ubisoft has the removed the counter kill feature.. I dont know what the exact name for it is, but it's extremely polished in AC 1 and the Kenway series. Basically allowing you to destroy groups of enemies by correctly reacting to each type of unit, kill,throw,disarm,stun, etc etc. It's in the Ezio Trilogy, but it's so weird and complex. The kenway series perfected it and it makes being the assassin so much fun. Even though were suppose to be sneaky SnEaKy, assassins are living breathing weapons, and the Kenway series shows how cool this system is. I hope one day they bring this back. Imagine how much cooler combat would have been with this system in Syndicate.

2nd con:
We are on PC, so were not usually using joysticks. when kidnapping somebody, to keep yourself from looking suspicious, you have to walk very slowly. If you don't have a controller, you have to gently tap the wasd buttons so that you don't attract too much attention, which I found annoying. PLEASE FIX THIS UBISOFT...or don't this game old anyways whatever.

3rd Con:
The Modern storyline from what I've seen after playing Origins and Odyssey 100% completion as well, is absolutely pointless. I mean, wtf happens to the shroud???? Who knows, and I guess who cares. The modern storyline has seemed to be pointless since Black Flag until recently in Odyssey which seems to be taking a new route with this Layla chick. But yea....pointless

Yes the story was cheezy, but all Ubisoft's stories are cheezy. And I really enjoyed playing as Jacob and Evie back and forth, which was way better than in Odyssey where they just flipped the two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around which is so stupid but ok....

Get this game..You won't regret it. It is freaking awesome. BTW, as of today at 11:58pm, I have played and beaten every single Assassins Creed game. Hooray!!!!
 

AdventFiya
47 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2017
Now, this is the first Assassin's Creed game I've played on the PC which is in itself a jarring switch of controls, but the games have always had problematic hangups on free-running where you suddenly find yourself romantically attached to a wall and unable to move on, or you spontaneously decide that the railing fifteen feet behind you is more appealing to land on than the pathway in front of you mid-race, and those feel more present on the PC than console. I haven't made it very far into the game's story, because I'm the type who tries to do all of the available map-opening side quests first so I won't comment on it. Mechanically I do not recommend this game.

During a kidnapping event, grabbing Jamie Something-or-Other who appeared to have nothing more to his list of crimes than a frequent urge to peep into people's windows and bang on their door if he didn't like their utensil placement or something. The problem here is that he was scripted to walk up the five steps to their doorway and just sit there in his animations for twenty seconds at a time before moving a foot to the side and doing it again. To kidnap someone you need to approach them stealthily, from behind. Now I was crouched with my hood up sniffing this man's bottom, a greeting I believe is still customary in Modern London, and I wasn't prompted to kidnap him nor could I despite him following his scripted placement and me following the instructions to the letter.

Then we get to the problems with knives and weapons, and I understand the mechanic where your lack of spit-shining your knives so that they menacingly glimmer in the sunlight as they spiral towards your victims head for more damage than the layman's unpolished murder utensil, but I honestly feel that it has no purpose in a game that tries to be more "realistic" in its combat weight. These men are wearing a bowler hat at most on their head, and you're telling me that the sweat of their brow is so significantly dense that it utterly deflects my knife as they scoff at me? Not to mention that if you do manage to stealthily kill a man with a knife, or by dropping barrels on him by severing their rope with a knife, all of their friends see the corpse and instantly predict the wind, trajectory, and velocity of your knife to know where you're standing five seconds later five stories up on a brick shanty. I've failed stealth missions entirely based on that, killing a man from a rooftop with a thrown knife, walking down the cobbled street for a spot of tea, and then his friends all showing up on my radar simultaneously shaking their fists and telling me I have no business here from twelve blocks over.

For a series about stealth, the amount of times I've been detected by not being witnessed doing a stealth kill is astonishing. Not to mention the times I've been told to kill a leader undetected, lure their guard away with a whistle and kill them, then watch as another man spawns right before my eyes from a bowler hat brought in with the breeze and blows my cover as his first action in this mortal coil.

Without any opinion on the story, I can't recommend this game based on how utterly unwieldy it is to play. It doesn't feel good to control, the stealth is a dice roll at best, and parts of the game force you to upgrade items that shouldn't need upgrading because of their core purpose.

With all of that said though, I've passed the steam deadline on refunds so I'll probably slog through the game for completion's sake alone.

Edit : I've tried to play more of it and my opinion on it only gets worse. I'm not going to put any more time into this miserable game. I'm being instantly killed at full health by a random grunt two levels below me after I've maxed out the health upgrades possible this early on, you don't get any items back when you die which means if you've been killed by the Second Coming like I keep experiencing your odds of surviving get infinitely worse and I'm not even on a mission I'm just trapped in this temporal flux of hatred.
 

Angry Trash
1,057 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.0 hrs on record
Posted: 21 May, 2016
Had no issues with the game (GTX 970, i74960) and could run at ultra settings with 55 fps average throughout. Story was good, the new characters are likeable, and new features like the zipline are good additions. Would recommend to any fan of the franchise.
 

quarles23
67 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2020
Game looks good and runs fairly smoothly but it keeps crashing after every sequence. It takes about 5 minutes to start the game with unskippable logos that ruins the games immersion.
Update: There are ways to fix some of the issues like skipping the logos on the start of the game. There are consistent discussions on the community tab of the game but i have not been able to find a fix to sequence crash but you can at least skip the start logos.
 

Strange King
74 products in account
3
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.3 hrs on record
Posted: 4 October, 2017
Syndicate was fun, with fun characters, with fun dialogue and a relatively mediocre story. The graphics are great, it is surprisingly well optimised. However, there is simply something wrong with it. I don't know exactly what but it is as if the game has lost its speed. The introduction of the grappling hook is certainly a minus for me. Free run in the AC series was about being fast and fluent. With so much gap between buildings and the necessity of the grappling hook, free run is ruined in AC Syndicate. Every 10-15 meters, you will need to halt your parkour mode and watch your player move very boringly across a line. This is not the only problem but for me it was a frustrating one even though I understand its reasons being due to the greater street capacity between buildings of the industrialised London.
Nevertheless, it was a good game, so I would definitely recommend it.
 

Gwynbleidd
114 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: 14 March, 2019
Not all people may like this, I only enjoyed it because of the victorian london world and it was pretty interesting to roam around and explore it. The story wasn't as good as a typical ac game but still worth the buy just on a sale.
 

LinoSnow
111 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: 2 October, 2017
Don't get me wrong, I love the victorian/steampunk genre, I was so excited to play this game because of that one reason.
I pretty much like every genres (the location, the time, the story, etc)s Assassin's Creed has been using so far.

So, what's the problem with this game? Many things unfortunately.

I'll start off with the positive:
-Really great music if you love classical/victorian era music, it makes the atmosphere way much more better, really, it is probably the best point of this game.
-A map that has the right size for an Assassin's Creed game.
-Nice graphics and textures but... See negative.
-Principal assassins (Jacob and Evie) looks pretty cool and promising enough, so does the other characters, such as Henry Green, perhaps not as much as Ezio and Altair but he looks pretty decent, not as much as Jacob and Evie though.
-Throwing knives

Here's the neutral points, depending on the whom, it could be a negative point, for me, it is but it's not that bad anyway:
-There are no swords in this game.
-Not every costumes from previous games are available, unfortunately, not a disaster, but would have been good to have them.

Now, the negative:
-Ugly textures not only from far but from close too, graphics are okay, they're not that great actually, textures are pretty good but depends of what and the lod (distance view) is kinda horrible considering the age of the game, plus it is nothing like in the E3 but that is to be excepted from Ubi isn't?

Now the even more negative that makes me hate this game more than liking it:
-Microtransactions, you've heard that right, optional? Hey kid, I don't care that it is optional or not, it's already an overpriced game, why should there be any cancerous crap like this in a game like this?
-Gameplay has been dumb down, there are some good things about it but it's too easy that it is too hard, get what I mean? Probably not, the gameplay is too basic, I don't know if it is me, but there are things you cannot do anymore.
Double air assassination? I don't know what's wrong with it but it seems like you have to be really close to the two persons otherwise it won't work like in the previous Assassin's Creed games, it's really bad.
Jumping and running, what the heck is this? Can't you just keep the formula of Assassin's Creed II: Brotherhood? That one was way better than the ones we are getting recently. I mean, you could jump anywhere and dies from it while in this game, it won't let you jump, like some kind of anti-noob measure? Yeah no, but thanks, no, I don't want that crap.
Running and jumping feels so simplified, if you want to drop off you have to repeatly click "E" (default keyboard key) instead of holding it once and dropping (and die if you're too high) like you could in the previous games.
I could be making a big paragraph about the gameplay that would take me 1 hour to write but I'll end it here, you get the idea of what I'm trying to say about the gameplay of this game.


In the end, I would suggest this game, but the gameplay is so simplified, I don't like it, I can't stand it, otherwise, it looks like a good game with flaws here and there.
Don't buy it for more than 15$.

If you are new to the series and or are a casual, you'll probably love this game if you love the steampunk/victorian era but if you are a previous Assassin's Creed players who likes the gameplay of the first games then this will be a downside to you.

Honestly, I would except the up-coming games to get more complexe and harder, but I was wrong, they really went mainstream, Assassin's Creed should not be an easy game, it should be an challenging game with a complexe gameplay, or at least, that's my opinion.


Music overall 9.5/10 - This is for the OST that has no singing, don't really care about the OST that has singing.
Characters overall 8.7/10 - Nothing more to say about that.
Graphics/textures 6.5/10 - Could and should have been way better than that, we are PC gamers after all, not console gamers.
Map design and size: 8.5/10 - It is pretty detailed and its size is just good for a game like this, would have been great to have more (small) maps than one though.
Microtransactions -10/10 - What are they doing here? Feeding Ubi greediness and incompetence?
Gameplay and difficulty 4/10 - Try again next year.
 

CelestialAfroJungle
3,614 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 January, 2017
This game in my opinion is the best ac game, I love the era this game is in. The graphics are great, The story telling in it is on point, So sad i finished the entire game.
I strongly recommend this game.
 

Arabella
97 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.5 hrs on record
Posted: 28 February
a letter for me?
 

Alvanism
70 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: 26 July, 2021
GOOD GAME KILLY KILLY STABBY STABBY SECRETY
 

Temper
115 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
38.3 hrs on record
Posted: 16 April, 2020
A story more bland than white paint. There was no point to the introduction of the idea of "siblings" in the game since they do almost nothing together. It is more of an aesthetic feature than a gameplay mechanic save a few traits here and there.

I enjoyed playing Assassin's Creed III more than this and that was considered a disaster. Also, if you're going glorify the might of the final boss and weapon he wields throughout the entire game, then don't make him such an insignificant combat encounter at the end of the game. I had more trouble fighting mobs than him.
 

The Great Chinggis Khaan
259 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
144.3 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2015
After playing all the games from the Assassin's creed franchise, I can tell it has come quite far over the years. Ubisoft is finally approaching towards the right path after the Unity mishaps. This game itself is quite enjoyable to play but it isnt perfect. There are many aspects that makes this game quite good, but there had been shortcomings which were not pleasant (maybe they'd be avoided in the next game?). I've listed a few things below which I'd like to see in the next game, if there is one.

SPOILER ALERT.

Pros:
-Performance is quite stable in my rig.
-Great detailing of the architectural structures and the overall open world map.
-Like the idea of skill development and upgrading the gang, finance and other aspects.
-Good story line and characters.
-Fighting with the Blighters felt quite challenging at the beginning, which is good.
-Like the idea of new gadgets, i.e. rope launcher, voltaic bomb.
-Introducing fight clubs and other activities were good, but it could be better esp. the carriage racing.
-Like the idea of having backup from the Rooks, but there is always room for improvement in their intelligence.


Cons:
-The story is too short! 9 sequences?! Why? It feels too abrupt.
-The stories of the main characters could have been developed in a much better way, again the pace is too fast! I guess no one can beat the character build up of Ezio Auditore da Firenze.
-More open world interactions, like getting into buildings, shops etc like in Unity. Getting into the great British structures, landmarks etc would have been good.
-Maybe I'd like to craft the items that I actually want to use, and not craft every single thing on the menu?! Why should that matter for full synchronization of the game?!
-Expected the associates to be more helpful and have significant roles in the storyline than to provide schematics, rewards from petty theft etc.
-No present world interaction. Some previous games like Brotherhood, Black Flag had some but still it wasnt enough. It would be good to incorporate Shawn, Rebecca, Galina etc as playable characters. Plus, I'd like to know more about the identity of the initiate. Why is he even helping the Assassins?
-Side missions felt too easy and predictable.

I'm not saying that the game isnt good, I'm only suggesting the things that could have made my experience of playing this game even better.
 

Mercy
80 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: 20 December, 2021
I love the game, I have played all the other AC games and to me this does not disappoint. I was skeptical of the grapple gun at first and thought it would be hard to use but was surprised and it worked without problem. Good game
 

Rifted
20 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2021
As someone who got into the AC universe with the new games such as Origins and Odyssey, I kept hearing people saying the older games were better and this game made me understand it. The old games feels more simulation-like, showing more of the AC universe and history without going into too much detail. It's just a simple game with full of nice enviroments, making me feel like I'm in London for real. The details on everything -even the stumble when you jump off a train- are just beyond great. The new fight and gameplay mechanics are a must have in every AC game yet there are none. I feel like a steampunk spiderman.
Although it's a simple non-open world game, the bugs are everywhere as always and the fights sometimes feels stiff. For a 2015 game, I'd except a real time sunset and sunrise but the game stays in a same timezone until you start a mission that's happening at night or day. Other than that, I am finally be able to join the "old ac games were better" group and I am proud.
 

Myst
67 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2015
If you're on the fence on whether or not you should buy this game: I highly recommend that you watch streams or let's plays of people playing this game because seeing is believing. I've used Steam's streaming to broadcast my playing to some friends. Every friend I've shown the game to so far has taken an immediate liking to it.

I highly, highly recommend this game.

I took a gamble considering the previous Ubisoft releases over the past couple years and their ever-declining quality. Watch_Dogs was supposed to be my jam, and the game was so terrible to play on PC, it killed me inside. AC Unity and FC4 both disappointed me highly.

Assassin's Creed Syndicate is definitely living up to my hopes of what an Assassin's Creed game should be. The movements are much more fluid. The cover system is much more intuitive. Stealth is highly highly enjoyable.

There's "I wanted to move here" bugs occassionally, but on the whole, movement has been intuitive the entire time.

The story is highly enjoyable compared to AC Unity, and I would rank it up there with AC Brotherhood or Revelations in terms of quality of story. Amazingly enjoyable, but not necessarily the best story hands-down.

The gameplay in this game is easily my favorite of all the Assassin's Creed series.

10/10 Would recommend being Victorian age Spiderman again
 

esad.atari
548 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
156.3 hrs on record
Posted: 11 August, 2018
AC Syndicate is a very great step from Unity and probably one of my most favourite AC games due to the absolute freedom with the grappling gun and the steampunk setting of London during the Industrial Revolution. It looks great, the main cast is very likeable, to story isn't half bad, the missions are fun and the content is very bountiful. Personally loved how trains and horse carts were implemented.

The art design is nothing to scoff at as well. Looks stunning on 4K and, compared to Unity, has no bugs save for one single desync loop which happens when you try to replay gang hideouts and causes 3-4 uninterruptible reloads. Apart from that, Syndicate is pure gold and definitely one of the AC titles people looking into the franchise should definitely have played. It's not the Ezio trilogy, as it is lacking the epicness, but gameplay wise it is absolutely fantastic.

Additionally, with the Jack the Ripper DLC, Syndicate sports one of the coolest DLC additions so far, adding new game mechanics as well as a very interesting time shift to one of the main characters. Felt a lot better than even Freedom Cry, which was great.
 

Sarkoth
2,215 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: 19 May, 2019
I've been only playing this for the last 3 hours and I am enjoying this game a lot. I left a rather negative review on Unity due to being extremely buggy and I was playing it 4 years after release. However Syndicate seems to be a different story. There are still some strange bugs around rag doll effects but that seems to be the worst of it so far. The combat system has been changed as well as movement mechanics. It makes a world of difference when you can actually move where you want and kill how you would like.

Will update if anything comes up.
 

Rizowski
265 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: 9 February, 2020
I like it, the story is a bit shaky but I like the theme of gang fights and the beautiful environment.
 

ScorpiOnion
164 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: 21 July, 2020
yes
 

feminine product
51 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.2 hrs on record
Posted: 18 June, 2016
Honestly the Best Assassin's Creed I played in a long while, great story, the gameplay is very fluid and fun, the combat is a bit repetitive but other than all out great game.
 

Ancalagon
69 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 February, 2020
Plays like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Character bland and poor writing
interesting setting and arkham style combat ruined by frame drops and unresponsive controls
terrible optimisation.
 

Undeadmerc
576 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: 3 January, 2018
controls arent that good (climbing annoying, pressing button and nothing happens, and countering is annoying sometimes). but the game is pretty good. Certain DLC make it pay to win somewhat (most gear is either is level 9-10 weapons that you recieve at level 7 or just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reskins)
 

cumbles
153 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
91.3 hrs on record
Posted: 6 March, 2016
Pretty much the best Assassin's Creed game, up there with the Ezio trilogy and Black Flag.

The grappling hook is a great new way to move around the huge city of London, a pretty decent story, no present day sequences, plenty of different styles of side missions, mix up the play style of being a brawler or a stealth based character.
 

Fart of Presto
5,282 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
115.9 hrs on record
Posted: 13 June, 2020
❤ Audience ❤
☐ Beginner
☐ Casual Gamer
☐ Normal Gamer
☑ Expert

☼ Graphics ☼
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Fantastic

♬ Audio ♬
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Fantastic

☠ Difficulty ☠
☐ Easy
☑ Average
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard
☐ Unfair

§ Bugs §
☐ Bugs destroy the game
☐ Lots of bugs
☐ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☑ Nothing encountered

☯ Story ☯
☐ There is none
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

⚔ Gameplay ⚔
☐ Frustrating
☐ Sleepy
☐ Boring
☑ Fun
☑ Challenging

۞ Game time / Length ۞
☐ Really short (0 - 3 hours)
☐ Short (4 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours (10 - 20 hours) [if you focus on the main story]
☐ Long (40-60 hours) [if you complete everything]
☑ Very Long (61-100 hours)
☐ Extremely Long (101+ hours)

$ Price / Quality $
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for Sale
☐ Don't buy
☐ Refund it if you can
 

Apenox | Profile Designer
1,112 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.7 hrs on record
Posted: 27 April, 2021
At its best it is a beautiful game set in a lively world, unfortunately it is only at its best about 30% of the time. The story is weak, and feels like a long-winded side quest rather than a compelling narrative, adding nothing to the overarching story of the AC franchise.

6/10, only play it if you feel it is necessary to beat the entire franchise.
 

Philosodies
287 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.1 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2016
For the people who buy this game just a heads up, dont install this game on anything except your main hard drive because it wont run otherwise lol SURPRISE! and i dont have the space for it on my main one so i cant play it unless i either buy a bigger drive or move a bunch of files around that i honestly am not patient enough to do so yeah......great job Ubisoft :D
 

Aldrastar
144 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 April, 2021
The movement and fighting LOOK the coolest, but are probably the worst so far, mechanics-wise. I get extremely frustrated when fighting, and pretty frustrated while just trying to fast run on buildings and pretty much everywhere else. Still a lot of the same good stuff, but I quit the previous game early because of frustrations with the mechanics too. FIX THE MECHANICS AND WE WON'T CARE WHAT ELSE HAPPENS IN THE STORY.
 

nfacing2ndson
224 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 May
This got boring so damn fast.
 

g.altepeter
189 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
71.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2015
Good Job Uplay !
 

Koja
1,411 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
96.1 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2015
Assassin's Creed Syndicate brings once again another perfect city to play in for the AC Franchise. It is full of excitement without a dull moment. I found it very interesting and fun to be able to ride in the new carriage, and also can't forget the awesome roof to roof rope launcher. It seems as if there is always something to do as you walk across the London streets. I loved conquering the gangs with in the city, it reminded me of the fortress you had to take down in AC Brotherhood.

As for the graphics... you don't have to worry, it's an absolutely beautiful environment.

And last, the story. I loved the two main protaganists, Jacob and Evie Frye. They gave a new and refreshing element to the story with with their both very unique characteristics. The other characters that you meet along the way are also very nice. I enjoyed the connection Henry Green and Evie had with eachother, they would be a great couple :). There is only one thing I didn't quite like with the story. I wished we would have met Starrick at least a few times before the battle. Oh and the fact that the modern day story is absolute CRAP(at least better than Unity in my opinion)! But besides that, I found myself loving the game.

Final Rating 8/10 - JUST BUY IT ALREADY!
 

ScruedUpGames
74 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.0 hrs on record
Posted: 5 April, 2021
I'm gonna be honest with you. Even though the mechanics and mission design are way refined and less clunky than Unity, overall I found Syndicate to be a worse, more boring and uninteresting experience compared with the previous game. The story is so boring and generic I speeded and had a hard time going through it, to a point I gave up and saw the ending missions on Youtube. I mainly used the game to do some virtual tourism around London, and that was great as it is typical in the Assassins Creed cities, even though it pales in comparison with revolutionary Paris. That city was one of the best I have ever visited in a game.

Overall I'll still give Syndicate a thumbs up mainly because the mechanics are well improved and most of the issues I had, were mainly caused by my disinterest with the series main story and bloated content. Assassin's Creed fans should like it, I think.
 

Berto
608 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: 16 June, 2019
not that good.clunky sometimes unresponsive.
 

PimpGrimace
43 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: 8 July, 2020
I love the ability to improve and build on your gang. Gameplay, has some of the usual AC bugs when trying to navigate but I have replayed this a few times. Good story too!
 

UNSC Spartan 117
91 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.1 hrs on record
Posted: 8 April, 2017
Wonderful game! Try to complete all side missions first, then start to main missions,
 

Lazura
103 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
I have this on PS4 and PC... The PC is in my opinion the way to play this game. I stoped playing on PS4 because of the constant FPS drops, laggy, slowness, just doesnt feel smooth at all. Playing on my GTX980 is a complete different experience. Silky smooth makes this game an amazing and actually enjoyable experience.
 

War61
482 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 September, 2018
Assassin's Creed: Syndicate

"It's a bloody marvelous time to be alive. An age of invention. So many clever blokes dreaming up impossible machines. Sorting away more gold than Queen Victoria herself. But none of those schillings ever make it to the pockets of the poor devils whose blood is spilt building this glorious empire. The working class sleep walks through life unaware of the machine that drives them. Let's wake them up then, shall we?"


AC Syndicate was apparently meant to improve Assassin's Creed franchise again. Successfully, I dare say.
Its story is great, lacks bigger plot twists, but that's not what AC games are about. On the other hand, you can play as Jacob or Evie, depends on your choice. That allows you to somehow choose your playstyle, although Syndicate is a well balanced combination of stealth and fighting.

Also there's a lot of things you can do, whether it's freeing London, robbing trains and carriages, killing Templar leaders, collecting hidden objects, playing side missions, taking part in illegal carriage races or street fights. And of course, the main questline. Well, I'm not even mentioning the DLC's.

Then there's the city of London itself. Simply outstanding with its industrial beauty, wide streets full of people, high buildings you can climb on and lots of accessible rooms and houses. London is just beautiful and as alive as it can possibly be.
AC Syndicate also has an atmospheric and well composed soundtrack, and according to all those things mentioned above, very high enjoyability, thus being the best Assassin's Creed game in my opinion.
 

Dracula
59 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: 24 July, 2017
This game was really great. It had a really immersive lighthearted story with many very funny humorous moments in it. The implanting of historical figures into the game really adds to the setting and makes the game feel more immersive. The combat mechanics in this game are very easy to learn and very fun. Overall this is a great game but my only problem with it is it's little replay value. After the end of the main storyline the game in a way becomes very boring and the side missions aren't very fun. It's is still a really good game and I highly recommend it.
 

Mr. Meeseek
342 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: 8 August, 2016
After years and years of a working control system that really was nice, Ubi decided to just toss all that out of the window and completely change the way free running is controlled. Be able to control the speed of your horse drawn buggy? Naw full speed at all times or walk slowly until the horse stops on its own, but yet if you jump off it while in motion, the horse will just continue on until the ends of the earth. Really, really sad that this game was obviously designed soley for consoles and then it was just ported over to PC without any thought to keyboard keys not being pressure sensitive... Nice idea guys. Combat targeting is atrocious to say the least, counter an enemy while in the midst of attacking another enemy; instead of being able to just use your direction keys to switch targets you have to physically look at them with the mouse or your assassin will just continue pounding on the same target. So, in a fight with 5 or more guys, unless you want to just stand in one spot and use counter all day long and watch the same 2 kill animations over and over and over again, you are going to have "fun" spinning your head around all day long. Really the last thing that finally made me just quit and uninstall. While free running if you encounter a lantern or other object that is no higher than your ankle or calf your assassin will stop infront of it or stumble and walk in a random direction istead of just stepping around or over something the size of a cat. The "leveling" system and gear and upgrades area are so disorganized in my opinion they are horrid. What happned with the awesome assortment of weapons that enemies carried that you could pick up and use?! So disappointed in where this series has gone in terms of user control and freedom. I shall just go replay Black Flag and actually have fun instead of frustration when I want my AC fix.
 

Peaches
248 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.8 hrs on record
Posted: 5 May, 2020
Yes
 

Scott
103 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
84.8 hrs on record
Posted: 24 August, 2016
It is a very fun experience. The atmospher is great and overall it is a well done. There are some issues with items not appearing on the map but they are never game breaking. 10/10 recomend.
 

Atk
208 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
83.4 hrs on record
Posted: 15 April, 2021
The next part of the Assassin's Creed-series located in London. The most "modern" of the AC-games so far. Shooting is a MUST here. I loved the splitting up of the team of the main characters to Evie and Jacob Frye, so you can choose your favourite one to play with for the most part of the game. Some missions though were only made for a certain character - no problem though.
The story is nice and flows great, when the player discovers and takes over the different districts of London. The skills and gear also are upgraded like before with money, which is easy to get.
Some missions were challenging enough to keep yours truly busy for some time, others finished nicely fast to keep the game flowing. Well done game with nice graphics! getting all the loot (one of my favourite tasks) was not so easy though - sometimes the loot boxes were hidden in places, where you had to find them by simply searching without the possibility to get any map of their locations. A pity, since looting is one of my go-to-tasks when playing AC-games.
bought it on sale with all DLCs (recommended) and was not disappointed. definitely worth the money.
 

southernfinn
780 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.6 hrs on record
Posted: 21 May, 2016
In small words.

Pros
===============
-Beautiful World
-Vast and nice sandbox elements
-Excellent music and sound
-Funny protagonist and warming characters
-Nice hook mod
-Some good side missions
-Good stealth options
-Okay Story
-Nice graphics
-Silly AI
-Nice GTA style carriage runs
-Fun in parts

Cons
===================
-Skill tree with wasted skills
-Very repetitive peel an onion gameplay
-Simplified button mashing fighting
-Aimed at younger audience, would be nice with a bit of Witcher style elements. Ehem!!
-Iritating repeating side quest
-Gang members looks the same
-Stupid AI
-Repetitive side quest in every sector (Doh)
-What is the point of shops, when you can steal everything


Overall: Better than Unity but not as good as I would have hoped, some elements of the game are just too repetitive.

Oh yeah and also repeating side quest.
 

ZeroT3
224 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: 3 January, 2020
Years after its release and it's still plagued with countless bugs that the company can't seem to care enough about to fix.
 

Papa Sadistisch
112 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2020
Would be fun if it didn't crash every time a sequence is finished.
 

CLERK
60 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: 19 October, 2019
Good Game Overall 7.5/10

-Positives-
1. 2 characters to choose from with different qualities
2. History is well explored within the game

-Negatives-
Constantly getting chased by the blighters is a pain
 

JML
22 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
235.1 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2015
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Quebec and published by Ubisoft. Set within London in 1868 during the Industrial Revolution, the story follows twins Jacob and Evie Frye as they navigate the corridors of organized crime during the Victorian era and fight against the established order, controlled by the Templars. The game retains the series' third-person open world exploration as well as introducing new traveling systems and refined combat and stealth mechanics.

Unlike its direct predecessors but like the first two main games in the series, Syndicate does not feature any multiplayer gameplay. Assassin's Creed Syndicate marks the first time in the series where you can freely switch between two different protagonists. It is also the first main entry in the series to feature a playable female protagonist. Male lead Jacob Frye is meant to be more of a hot-headed brawler, specialized in close combat, while his twin sister Evie is strong in stealth and relies on her intelligence and wit.

The Assassins' main weapons this time around include brass knuckles, a compact revolver, a cane sword and the traditional Nepalese curved kukri knife and combat is faster-paced than before. Additionally new travelling systems make their debut in the game, such as a rope launcher which allows the you to rappel up structures as well as create a zip-line between buildings, and carriages, which can all be piloted or simply occupied by you, and trains. London in the game is approximately 30% larger than Paris in Unity and consist of seven boroughs: Westminster, the Strand, the City of London, Whitechapel, the Thames, Southwark and Lambeth.

Overall I think Assassin's Creed Syndicate is a massive improvement and perhaps the best AC game since AC II not just because of the gameplay and the story, but also the port. It runs very smoothly and the graphics are just beautiful, I suggest you play around with the settings to get the best performance possible. It hardly has any game breaking bugs or glitches that can prevent you from being able to complete certain missions. If your getting an AC game I suggest you go for this as it will absolutely blow you away without a single doubt at all!.
 

TheCyb3rbot
527 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2017
The story is great, the graphics are brilliant.... BUT!! The control system in this game completely destroys the game, I mean it breaks it completely for me. I haven't been this infuriated and frustrated since I played "Primal Rage" on the SNES when I was like 12.

Some examples would be, when your navigating a building face and want to climb up, dependant on the camera angle you will either jump sideways when you want to climb or you will scale down the building when you want to go sideways. I've also noticed that if you want to go into a small gap where say your objective is with a wall either side of it, the character will snap to the top of the wall on either side, unless you walk slowly into it. Obviously when your hurrying its annoying. I've also noticed a fair amount of bugs despite this game having been out for nearly 2 years now, NPC's falling through the floor on the train and spawning at wierd angles occassionally.

As london is tightly packed in some areas, the character is constantly snapping to walls or jumping up onto things when you don't want them too. I couldn't possibly imagine what would happen if they set this game in modern day Tokyo, I think every blood vessel in my head would explode!!

If your a die hard Assassins creed fan, fine stick it out, the story is good and I like the characters, theres lots of famous historical figures in this game also.

I played assassins creed 1, 2, 3 and 4 and some of the add ons, I remember 4 being just as bad, but there was plenty of open area for the character to "Faff" around without causing to much rage. However I dont remember 1 2 and 3 being this bad although still not great.

I was going to buy the other older assassins creed's (Chronicles series etc) Not a bloody chance in hell!!! I think the integrity of the blood vessels in my brain have been compromised enough!
 

Johnuhtron
242 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 February, 2021
Bri'ish assasssins creed
 

UIScythe
29 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2016
Awesome game with a lot better story and combat/sneaking system than ac Unity. Its entertaining and you can enjoy it for a long time. The music is special in this game, but dont get me wrong! The music fits and adds personality to the game. :)
 

Garradon
95 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
132.1 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2015
谈起育婊，我最爱的游戏莫过于刺客信条系列，原来前面几部，因为说育碧的平台总是出现各种问题和bug，所以我都是玩的盗版。但是，作为一个AC脑残粉来说，不买一个正版，无法表达我那份狂热心。

就趁着这次我下定决心买了枭雄的黄金版，除去每年常规的游戏bug不谈。这款大作，耳目一新的就是可以骑乘马车和组织帮派来完成各种任务。虽然画面不及还没更前的大革命，故事也是在工业革命这个雾气阴霾的背景下，画质依然很不错，很美丽，烘托出了那个时代日不落帝国的霸气和雄伟。

里面不管是俩相互合作相互吐槽的主角姐弟俩，还是反派中的大小boss，个性都是鲜明有特色的，还有偶尔会让你想不到的历史人物例如马克思，贝尔以及达尔文的出现以及任务。该做的特色和优点都是可圈可点的，绝对值得购买一玩，剧情人物画面都是很不错的。不管怎么样我依然会期待每一部AC大作。

Talk about breeding ♥♥♥♥♥, my favorite game is the Assassin's creed series, front, says Ubisoft platform are always problems and bug, so I always play pirate. However, the as an AC residual brain powder, do not buy a genuine, can't express my crazy heart.

Taking advantage of this time I was determined to buy hero Gold Edition, except for regular game bug about a year. This masterpiece, fresh and new is the ability to ride a carriage and organized gangs to accomplish a variety of tasks. Although the picture more before than before the revolution, the story is also in the context of the industrial revolution the misty haze, picture quality is still very good, beautiful, bring out the Empire of that time despot and majestic.

Whether mutual cooperation ridicule the protagonist of both brother and sister, is a villain in the size of the boss, are distinctive features of personality, and occasionally you can not think of historical figures such as Marx, Bell and the emergence of Darwin and the task. The characteristics and advantages of doing is commendable, it is definitely worth buying a plot character images are very good. Anyway, I will still look forward to each of the AC works.
 

Jinxbear
267 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.5 hrs on record
Posted: 16 July, 2018
Oh bugger, it's Victorian London.

AC Syndicate tosses you into 1868 Britain, or really just London, in a time of massive industrial growth, expansion overseas, and... a really unpleasant underside that you get to see quite a lot of in this game. London is quite well detailed, and it has quite a bit of internal diversity depending on what part of the city you are in. Which means that the differences between the rich areas like Westminister are a world apart from the dirty and poor places like Whitechapel. I don't recall there being an AC game before this one that had NPC children, but there are tons of them in these poor areas begging for food and living in miserable conditions. I knew plenty about this era beforehand of course, but it still felt rather uncomfortable seeing it in game. Makes you remember that it was that sort of world that spawned socialism, which initially was just a wish for poor people's lives to not be completely ♥♥♥♥.

Oh, and the Thames is brown, which made me feel really gross everytime my character fell in it. >_>

We also get the usual round of historical figures that has become a staple of AC games. You have lots of side-quests where you do things for the likes of Charles Dickens, Charles Darwin, and Karl Marx among others. Also you get Alexander Graham Bell acting sorta like Leonardo Da Vinci did in AC2 by making gadgets and tools for you. The difference however is that while in past AC games these historical figures were nice surprises and/or weaved into the main plot quite well with the aforementioned Da Vinci being a great example of this. But in Syndicate... it feels as if most of these historical figures just show up to say hi and don't really amount to much. And while I might smirk at the fact that pretty much every story set in the Victorian Era has Queen Victoria herself show up at some point, her appearances was one of the few that didn't feel like just having a famous person tossed in for its own sake. The famous feuding politicans Disraeli and Gladstone along with Florence Nightingale also fit into the story (reasonably) well. But as a whole this old part of the AC series just kind of fell flat in Syndicate.

Having played multiple AC games during the past ~2 weeks, Syndicate seems to me to be a culmination of everything this series has going for it and what is dragging it down. Assassination funtimes, immersive settings, and (mostly) competent gameplay mixed with its weaker gameplay parts, stupid amounts of side activities, and a map filled with collectibles that annoy me more than make me wish to seek them out. Oh, and they kept the microtransactions from Unity. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.

If this review seems... uninspired or that I'm just going through the motions because I write a review for every game I play after I finish them, then that is probably no accident. AC Syndicate isn't exactly boring, but it feels like stagnation for a series that has run on a bit too long and badly needs another game like Black Flag to revive it. I actually found myself wandering away from playing this game and poking that pirate funtime game a bit instead. That another game in the same series I had already played extensively was pulling my attention away from the game I'd never played before is a rather bad sign. Admittedly this may be because I played it right after having finished Rogue, one of the better entries in the series, but Syndicate just... wasn't all that interesting.

It's not the worst AC game I've played though. As stale as it felt, Syndicate still did immersion very well and had its neat moments. It didn't irritate me like AC3 or Unity did with its poorer quality following the Ezio funtimes or huge missed opportunities respectively. But even then those two games despite their flaws flaws at least kept me interested enough to be upset about their failures. Syndicate has only one big plus in the form of its immersive setting but has the problem of being on the boring side. But now that I'm really thinking about it, Syndicate itself isn't what was boring but rather the series itself due to how "standard" this game felt.

So I'm once again thinking "maybe" rather than "yes or no" when it comes to recommendations. But as stale as the series feels after having finished it, Syndicate itself is alright. So i'll give it a "yes" but with the asterisk that I really don't feel interested in the AC series much anymore.

Perhaps I shouldn't have played three of them back to back in the span of ~10 days. With the passage of some time, I might be nicer to this game. But for now, I need to do something else. >_>
 

Yureina
1,335 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
87.0 hrs on record
Posted: 18 October, 2016
A return to form for Ubisoft.

I have played every Assassin's creed since Assassin's creed 2 (excluding Unity)
A very enjoyable game with comedy, wit and plenty of action. A few bugs here and there but nothing like the reports from Unity. Ropelauncher is very useful and the Rooks are a new take on the Brotherhood of old. Would've liked an overhauled parkour system (Mirror's edge/Dying light) but had everything an Assassin's Creed game should have

10/10 :)
 

originalClown
199 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 May, 2017
This is more like a revolution of Assassin's Creed series.

It's kinda Batman Arkham series with an assassination skills (the grapping hook but no flying coat) and Grand Theft Auto (Grand Theft Stagecoach actually).

Love the huge overview of London.
 

tankervnn
87 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.3 hrs on record
Posted: 8 July, 2018
This is one of the Assassin's Creed games where collecting it's collectibles doesn't really feel like a chore because of it's new way of moving around the map (Grappling hook + Carriages).

The optional objectives on each one of the missions are also very achieveable, making the effort to get 100% synchronization easier in comparison to the previous Assassin's Creed installments.

I would recommend this game if you're a completionist.

Side note : This game is absolutely beautiful. Just try strolling around the parks/train stations/parliament building with no HUD (You can turn this off in Options > Gameplay > HUD Options) and see how alive the city is.
 

Barack Ebola
472 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2015
This game is not as bad as people are saying. In fact it is great so far for me. First off, I have an i5-4690k processor with GTX 970 2-way SLI. I run the game at Very High preset with my fps rarely dropping below 60 (80 - 90 fps most of the time).

Pros:
+Game runs smooth most of the time
+Playing both Jacob and Evie makes it not boring. Having 2 characters that could have different playstyles early on is a plus
+Bigger map than Unity. So much stuff to do!
+Rope launcher makes it easier to climb buildings

Cons:
-Crashes sometimes (I've only crashed twice in my 16 hours of gameplay)
-The cloak is definitely locked at a lower fps. Not a huge issue but it would be nice to have it smooth as well
-Combat gets really repetitive after a while

All in all, I'm glad that I bought AC: Syndicate. I heard there was a patch for consoles lately, hopefully PC gets one too.
 

Bandicoot Cheddarcheese
130 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.5 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Besides the positivity from other users on the performance, i feel like this game is an improvement from past Assassins Creeds.

The combat is so much faster than Unity and just feels better, fighting tough enemies can make fight repetitives as you have to hit them alot, but besides that is overall a good fighting system.

Im very impressed with the music, it makes the game feel even better and just fits in.

Playing as Jacob im absolutely loving the dialogue. He has something appealing that i didnt feel in Arno and is overall a great character. I see him as a pretty funny idiot.


This is my opinion based on the first 3 hours of the game.
 

4YEO
52 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.6 hrs on record
Posted: 24 January, 2016
One of the better games in the series, somewhat overshadowed in a strong year for video game releases. The game sidelined the main quest in favor of a ridiculous amount of Ubi outpost/tower challenges, which made it quite similar to Assassin's Creed Brotherhood. I was surprised how demanding some of these challenges were, especially if you aimed for the optional mission objectives. The traversal was improved compared with last year's Unity, and the charismatic pair of main characters were also a clear improvement compared with the pale main character in that game.
 

d00d3n
2,684 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
This game is great. For me, it's clearly the best game in the whole series.
The game runs pretty well, has very authentic characters and a great story.
A must-buy for a true Assassin's Creed fan.
 

Inigo Montana
290 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
88.8 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2016
Esse aqui pode comprar sem medo...Jogão!!
 

C.
4,457 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: 22 May, 2020
The game was a lot of fun to play. If I were you I'd buy it in a sale. Don't waste your full pocket on it.

Pro's
- I really like the sarcasm between the two main characters, Jacob and Evie.
- The addition of famous historical figures like 
- ADORED the grappling hook.
- The carts make for a nice travel system in the game if you haven't synchronized a Viewing point near your destination
- Evie

Cons
- The addition of set famous historical figures didn't have a big part in the main story.
- The side characters are just cast aways in the main story. An example is one of them, for whom you do some missions after one another and then never see or hear from him again. Guess he did a Hoodini?
- You can kidnap a guard in front of another one and just walk away like it's just a normal thing. Oh nevermind me just taking this fella to the back lolxd
- Some minor awkward situations in the home train. One being that you have to climb on top of one specific part sometimes because there are people in the way inside the train part. Like what the hell just get out of my way.
- Flat story.
SPOILER filled explanation of the con above:



Edit: Additional pro's and cons
 

MasterOfDucks
51 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: 19 April, 2021
good
 

Carrots
58 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: 20 January, 2020
Dont know how you make a game about time travelling assassins tedious and boring. But somehow they did it
 

dooks
415 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2018
too late giving a review in 2020
but anyway i like this scenery of london thats all.
 

Zöe
374 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
96.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
The game runs REALLY smooth on Medium with 40 FPS. I'm buying a new laptop to crank all the settings to the max this summer!!! Well done Ubisoft! Im looking forward to playing Far Cry Primal :)

My laptop spec:

i7 4710 MQ
16GB DDR3L RAM
Geforce GTX 860M 2GB
Full HD 1920*1080
 

AnDoSIS
67 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.4 hrs on record
Posted: 6 February, 2021
This is one of my favourite games in the Assassin's Creed Games. The graphics look quite nice. The city design is excellent and while the grappling device caused a bit of trouble I liked it as it saved a lot of time when scaling large buildings, and while my opinion may not be shared with many people. The story is quite entertaining and the dynamic between the two main siblings (Evie and Jacob Frye) is quite entertaining, it can also be somewhat boring although this is rare. I would highly recommend this game to anyone, new players looking to begin or just to see what they think of Assassin's Creed games or old players who want to experience it on PC. Highly Recommended.
 

The Malevolent One
245 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: 4 April, 2018
Syndicate is an improvement over Unity and it is generally a pretty fun game if you can get past the repetitive structure. It’s one of those games where you have to take over piece by piece of the map to progress by doing repetitive and simple missions to eventually liberate London. From a story perspective it’s by far the most simple in the series, It’s just Jacob and Evie doing what they have to do to take over London without really any twists and turns in the story or obstacles that make that objective difficult. They are pretty much unstoppable, there aren’t any stakes in the story because Jacob and Evie are always on top of every situation and there aren’t any threatening hurdles to stop them from being at the top which doesn’t create any tension or intensity in the story. Because Jacob and Evie single handedly take over London it removes the more grounded tone that the first few games had which kind of separates this game from the rest of the franchise because it’s by far the most light hearted. It feels a little tone deaf however because the game also tries to be serious and it still attempts that historical relevancy of the other games and it doesn’t really work that well. The thing what makes the story better than Unity at least is that Jacob and Evie are likable characters that have a good dynamic and they keep the cutscenes entertaining to watch. The modern day stuff is still really bad though and not even worth paying any attention to.

Gameplay wise the game goes back to more of the easier side of things and it feels much more focused on the combat this time around. The combat is very silly because of the sped up animations and just the ridiculous fast pace of it all but I have fun with it, the animations are really cool to look at and it feels really smooth and swift. They fixed a lot of the issues Unity had like you are able to properly avoid getting shot and you can take cover automatically rather than having to use a very clunky and unresponsive cover system. I liked the upgrade system and the amount of customization available. The grappling hook is a great addition because it speeds up the traversal and it changes how you traverse the environments but it isn’t something that I would want in every Assassin’s Creed game, I would like it to be a unique thing that only this game had. The setting is ok, it’s not as memorable or interesting as Venice or Rome for example. It’s a good game overall and a step in the right direction after Unity.
7/10 (Good)
 

David0vić
443 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.5 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2017
Assassin's Creed in Victorian London, I went into it after the mess that is Unity without any hopes for a mindblowing experience, I found myself surprised, it's a lot more polished and diverse than Unity which made me play the game alot more than it's necessary to do every single thing.

I got it for 35€ and don't regret it but nowadays these games need to be carefully bought, there's plenty of side activities even if the main quest is only 9 sequences long. The gameplay doesn't change much from other AC games, but now there's a skill tree to improve Jacob and Evie's traits aswell as the gang's strength. The weapons are also alot different, you'll get Brass Knuckles, the cane sword, the classic assassin's gauntlet, revolvers and the kukri.

The combat is a bit more fast paced, I found myself having Jacob as the hothead fighter brawling with duzens of Blighters with nothing but his brass knuckles which is damn fun and not some copied out animation like in previous games, but there could be a few more combo moves. Evie's whole style is stealth, you can liberate a whole stronghold without having them even noticing what's happening.

The gang activities could have alot more content of course, just like in Brotherhood, you have to liberate every single discrict in London from the Blighters and after doing this, you'll get gang wars and those are basically less than a minute long if you killed the leader previously, but you get to have up to 5 gang members following you at basically anytime and some of them can be very helpful if upgraded, the Rook volley fire is devastating.

The grapple gun makes travel and maneuverability alot easier, but the game has alot taller buildings and a bit bigger London than Paris in Unity, this doesn't mean much because after liberating districts there's not much more to do after besides having the endless search for chests, flowers and music boxes which I refuse to keep doing since Black Flag because it's just useless and boring work, and goes against everything a game should be, which is to be fun and not a task!

The story is what normally save AC games, I got alot more interested in the characters in Syndicate, there's plenty of them, besides Evie and Jacob and their allies and enemies, there missions that have you working directly with characters from the time, such as Charles Dickens, Charles Darwin and Queen Victoria herself.

Not a masterpiece of a story by any means, but it portrays the situation of London well with plenty of corruption, mentions on the economic situation, and interesting characters, this combined with a bit more fast paced combat system makes for a good AC game, but since there is the ever presence of the grinding aspects of Ubisoft's games I would recommend purchasing the game on sale for about 20€ which would give you a good value for your money alot more than a 60€ edition that doesn't add much to the game.
 

Lord H
288 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: 17 May, 2017
Very Great game to play
Story is interesting and very challenging alongside beautiful graphics
Combat is extremely hard at times but easy to adjust to from previous episodes
May your blade favour the forunate
 

Hoschy Hawk
116 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March, 2017
Great storyline and decent graphics, the gang systems was also a nice touch to the plot.
 

christmas
114 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2016
Pros:
- Good ols AC in London

Cons:
- AC with the same boring side quests scheme
 

[BSNT] Yoshi
421 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 March, 2016
I'm sure this game would be great if when I clicked play the game would start. However that is not the case it simply just shows a picture of the logo forever.
 

Freddy
163 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: 25 March, 2016
Product refunded

I've downloaded the game twice now however, it refuses to boot for me and many other people who are trying to play this game
 

Dolph Lundgren
98 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.4 hrs on record
Posted: 25 March, 2016
Little Backstory of Assassins Creed Syndicate first, you play as the two main characters Jacob and Evie Frye who were trained by their father to be assassins. Through out the game you are working on taking out the templars that control the streets of London. Your main goal is to take out Crawford Starrick and take control of London for yourselves.

That's pretty much how I saw the game at least.

Assassins Creed Syndicate brings back parts of previous Assassins Creed games that haven't been seen for a while. The game is very entertaining for the most part, but can get to the point where it starts to drag on in the end. You gain experience through out playing the game that allow you to increase your combat skill, add additional perks to each character and unlock new items to use upon reaching new levels and completing sequences. You also have to look for items throughout London to upgrade you gang by giving them better weapons, horse carriages to drive around the city, and just making the stronger in general. The game includes a lot of the fighting style and combat mechanics as Unity and a few from Rogue.

Aesthetics, the game looks... well... decent. I'm not able to run it on the highest of settings but I can run it decently and it looks okay. I think they could have done a way better job on how this game looks even though it's during the "steampunk" era. Like Black Flag that game was absolutely gorgeous, this game is honestly kind of a let down to me personally when it comes to graphics but it still looks amazing and is fun to play.

All in all or TL;DR:
This game is fun and has a lot of exciting moments in and brings a whole new feel to the Assassins Creed Franchise in my opinion kind of like how Black Flag and Brotherhood change the series as a whole. I would recommend this game to anyone who is just looking for a really fun game to play that might take them around 40 - 50 hours to complete in total. I rate this game a solid 8.5/10 overall gaming aspects but for an Assassins Creed game it gets 9/10 from me. Nothing will ever be better than Black FLag and Brotherhood to me. If you haven't played those you need to do so.
 

MrPhid
244 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: 28 January, 2016
TL;DR: Crash to Desktop: The Game.

I'll begin by stating I am not an ardent fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise.

My first intallment in the franchise was Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood. Some will say that this was a highlight in the storied gaming series, and it certainly felt entertaining and refreshing for its time. Since playing and completing Brotherhood, I've longed to play another Assassin's Creed game despite varied successes.

I contemplated purchasing Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, but decided against it purely in opposition to its selling point: its naval exploration and combat focal points. I wanted a return to the exciting combat and incredible settings that Brotherhood (and many subsequent games) have aspired for.

That was my first mistake.

I had also wanted to give Assassin's Creed: Unity a chance... but decided against it due to overwhelmingly negative peer review. Still, the idea of a co-operative Assassin's Creed game is promising.

I decided that I had waited long enough. I had heard that Assassin's Creed: Syndicate attempts to capture what made Brotherhood so great. (You might even argue that Jacob Frye is emulating Ezio Auditore a little too much.)

That was my second mistake.

I went ahead and purchased the gold edition for the game with having put a little time and research into the product. I came in with relatively low expectations due to repeated failures in Ubisoft's past, but was pleasantly surprised by the prologue. Jacob and Evie Frye are fascinating characters and genuinely enjoyable to play for the most part.

However, this is not only an Ubisoft game, it's an Assassin's Creed game. What bugs and glitches I experienced at first were minor, at best, until the big one came. My hardware should have little trouble running this game on decent settings, yet despite that, I reached the infamous "Stage 3" train scene and fight.

This stage is known to cause immediate crashing, to which it has done to me aplenty. I cannot pass it, and in some cases, cannot even load to the main menu as a consequence of where my progress stopped.

Now, I dislike the idea of "thumbs down"ing a game due to a performance issue I cannot resolve on my part... However, in this case, I make an exception. It is an issue many have experienced and Ubisoft has not yet addressed with patching. Until this problem is resolved, I cannot -- in good faith -- recommend this game to my friends or the general public.

Alas... I had looked so forward to it.
 

Caduceus
329 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: 9 December, 2015
Probably one of the best assassin creeds released yet, i wish it had a bit more gameplay tho. overall good game 8/10 would recommend.
 

MrCrunchy
245 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.6 hrs on record
Posted: 5 May, 2017
The best Assassin's Creed game so far in my opinion. The graphics in the game are absolutely gorgeous. Especially the lightning is very impressive. The Victorian London is highly detailed and feels authentic. If you ever visited London it’s easy to recognize the places. The engine ran very well on my AMD machine (R290 4GB, FX-9590, 16GB RAM, W10). No stuttering, no short freezes. Just prefect. The story missions didn’t feel repetitive at all and having two player characters made them really interesting.
 

megaD
209 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.9 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2020
I love the fact that they are taking a step back form all of the Abstergo and Animus background and just letting people be immersed in the rest of the game. The story is great, the characters are well written and bar Ubisoft's regular technical issues, this is a fantastic game!
 

Zamorac_
256 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: 31 July, 2016
Played for 3 hours. Closed the game and loaded CS GO. Tried to load ACS after that and just got the ACS logo for almost an hour before I realised th egame wasnt gonna run. Great game when it actually works.
 

$harps_u_in_ur_sleep
85 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.1 hrs on record
Posted: 16 April, 2020
Why would you put microtransactions in a singleplayer game?

Also the story is bland, characters cliché and the world kinda cool.
 

Geerterig
512 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 January, 2020
It changed a lot of mechanics but it's still worth the money though
 

honolulu24
143 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2018
Still lacking the free flow of movement. Good enviroment. Story meh, not as envolving as the 1 and 2s masters. Good grapgics. Would recommend.
 

ShamPain
24 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Atleast it's better optimized than when Unity launched.
 

emo white girlfriend
622 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: 9 February, 2019
Assassin's Creed Syndicate is currently the perfect form of the new things introduced in Assassin's Creed Unity, and in my opinion, the perfect form of the Assassin's Creed series (at least until they release Origins). Assassin's Creed Syndicate takes everything that was good about previous games, and makes them better, and takes everything that was bad about previous games, and either fixes them, or removes them entirely. If you're a fan of anything from previous Assassin's Creed games, play this one!
 

Chxrryxです
131 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2018
Honestly, this is one of the weaker AC games. The story and characters are pretty uninteresting and many of the new features added feel like one step forward two steps back. Its not bad though. Theres nothing really wrong with this game, it just feels a little dry and repetitive at points. There are a couple high notes in the story like some of the assassination missions, but nothing that captures the same intensity of the earlier games Syndicate so badly wants to emulate. Syndicate feels like a rehash of the classic ac games just done with less flavor and finnesse.

Whats most important about AC isnt any of that ♥♥♥♥ tho, its all about the setting. Industrial London is amazing. Its not the best or most unique setting of the AC games but its fun as always to just be in london exploring and doing ♥♥♥♥.

You can still feel how tired the formula is at this point and im glad Origins, which is a superior game, changed things up. Get this one on a sale or if you're a fan of the series. Theres fun to be had here even if it isnt the best AC game out there.
 

Sofia
215 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 February, 2016
After the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was Unity, I was very wary of Syndicate. Picked it up on sale and was thoroughly surprised by how much I enjoyed it.

It reminded me hugely of the Ezio trilogy, arguably the best Assassin's Creed games. The world feels perfect to travel across, the player characters are likable with each of them having their own goal for the creed.

The level up system is far better than the terrible idea in Unity where you must play through the missions and reach certain sequences before you could even get basic Assassin abilities. You can level up in any way in this game, unlock loads of brilliant abilities. Likewise with upgrading your gang ("The Rooks") and your gear.

98% in the main game (enough for me, not bothered about 100%) and 100% in the Jack the Ripper DLC which was absolutely bloody fantastic, albeit very dark (no complaints, worked incredibly well).

Like the older AC games, especially the Ezio trilogy? Burnt by the recent ones? Give this one a go, definitely great fun and a return to what AC should be.
 

Havok16
1,498 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
132.2 hrs on record
Posted: 29 July, 2018
I love the AC franchise. I've played every AC game (fully patched) up to Syndicate. This is the first game I immediately disliked. Syndicate never grew on me. It is fundamentally broken. The graphics don't hold a candle to Unity, nor does the gameplay. How this game got better reviews I'll never know. Truly a terrible experience from start to finish.
 

Batman
305 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 January, 2017
If your looking for a AC game with more guns and more focus on the assassin part of the story, look no further!

This game is a breakthorugh in the AC series, personally i enjoy more options with firearms in the game and i think that this game bridges the gap between flintlock era and the revolver era perfectly.

The game is short, in under 35 hours i finished the entire story line and did all the boroughs. i have not collected all the music boxes or anything else but the game can be compleated in 35 hours. if this a problem with you, you may want to look into DLC.

The voice acting is good, everyones accent is relistic and does not feel faked out, people in the game are historic (dickens ect) and they have good side quests to give you. the frye twins do feel somewhat gapped though, whomever you decide to play more with, its more of a burden to play with the other when forced to.

The main pro of this game is the customization, it has much more than any previous AC game, you can upgrade both frye twins, upgrade the gang, upgrade your hidden blade, clothes, canesword, kukuri, pistols, bombs,knives,darts everything. some of the upgrades are simple and basic but some of them for the gang are very helpful.

London...London london london.....This was a big let down for me, In all truth, Black Flag must be 3 of London put together. the city is not as large as one might think what makes it seem big is the fact that all the buldings are built like walls with no allyways so you have to use the roads if on foot. once you run roofs the city becomes very very small. Personally, black flag is much much larger than london, not to say london sucks, there are cool places to go, the Tower of London, the Palace, The Bank of England. but the map overall is very small.

Overall, i would reccommend this game to someone who likes the firearm side of the game, and the brutality. But! i would not buy this game for 40$ wait for it to go on sale and get it on sale. it does not offer enough replay value on its own to pay 40$ or more for the basegame.
 

Raxxus
126 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: 2 March
this is one of the best assassin's creed games I've played
and it runs on my laptop better than assassin's creed unity
 

Hossain GO
27 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: 4 November, 2018
Charles Dickens is a weekend warrior in this one.
 

Tactical Emo
1,089 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.2 hrs on record
Posted: 14 December, 2017
I really liked what Ubisoft did to AC:Syndicate.
First of all, AC:S no longer has the parts where you have to control Desmond/Initiate in the current time like in AC:BF (didn't buy that game, tested it on a ps4). I felt that it was really good as now it's only a bunch of cutscenes.
Secondly, the game's story has a few plotholes here and there but all in all, it's pretty good.
Thirdly, I liked how Ubisoft made this game feel like an RPG, which was really bold.

Cons
-Microtransactions

I like this game too much.
 

hassan
184 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: 4 May, 2020
the connection between the frye twins i have a brother and me and him argue just like the frye twins i just find the cutscene with them both to be amazing. the parkour is amazing like when im watching them i expect them to jump to one part of a building but them end up jumping higher them i expecting and find that awesome. the grapling hook i find great for this game alone bc the buildings are huge and the gaps between each building is huge i couldn't image having to climb one big buliding just to climb down it then climb back another big building. honestly one of the better assassins creed games i've played
 

AX
56 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.2 hrs on record
Posted: 6 May, 2019
1st Review:
The game had serious crashing issues. Don't worry i have a fast & simple way to fix this. The game crashed twice while my first 2hours of gameplay. I simply verified game integrity cache files and steam downloaded the missing files then all okay. The game itself looks very promising so far. Ubisoft did a great job displaying 18's London Era. Story looks very promising too. Graphics looks freaking good. Most importantly the game's optimization is far better then ac unity(according to me). Ubi brought a lot of change since the last installment AC Unity. Still playing.......will write a full review when completed...

Full Review:
After the fix the game didn't crush even once...

Gameplay: Totally awesome..The gauntlet designs are damn so good...new techs made climbing way too easy in ACS.

Graphics: Graphics is really really great..those detail textures by nvidia enhanced tech took the game to a whole new level. The environment is damn...every detail in unique

Optimization: Opti is far better then AC Unity.

Story: It totally depends on how did you understood the series...if you haven't played other assassin's creed installations then you will not understand syndicate's full potential of the story...i found the story quite deep and exciting...the story mainly focuses on the present on Juno...for those who don't even know juno just go and play assassin's creed from the very beginning...The ending was most like a superhero movie...all in all i loved it
so i give (9 out of 10)

Recommendation: Hell yes buy it
 

Dark_Ranzer
73 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.6 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2015
First of all, let me start by stating that I have beaten the game (all the story missions and boss battles, but not all the side missions) and I have never felt so compelled at writing a review for a game, but Syndicate is different.

As an AC fan who has played every single AC game except for Rogue, I lost a lot of respect for the AC franchise after Unity due to its poor character development, crappy storyline, and glitched gameplays. As a result, I didn't expect Syndicate to be fun when I purchased this game, I simply bought it because I had the money at the end of the year and it was on sale (sort of). However, in my opinion, Syndicate is the best AC game so far. The game really emphasizes the personalities of Jacob and Evie, how their goals differ, how they argued and competed in a sibling rivalry way, and this really touched my heart. Ubisoft really stepped up their game (literally) and put in effort in the development, which is something that I have never felt in Unity. I liked their idea of liberating the city in another way, the blackbox kills, the city of London with her bustling engines and carriages, and their most interesting side missions involving historical figures yet (even though this has been done before in previous games, Syndicate did the best job). It seems like Ubisoft has finally realized their failure in the present-day storyline and has chosen to deviate from it quite a bit in Syndicate; to many this is even worse but to me it showed me that Ubisoft has realized their mistake and is now trying to fix it by using only short cutscenes instead of meaningless playthroughs, and this is a good start (cutscenes still show instereting story).

I was so drawn into this game that I completed the game in merely two days (two days, but I have 24 hours on record in two days), and I am by no means saying that the game itself is short even though it can be made longer. For me, the ending is not amazing, but it is by no means bad at all unlike IGN's review. As a fan, I dare say that I have moved on from Ezio, and that Jacob and Evie are my new favorite assassins. And yes, the Season Pass is worth the money for many reasons.

Pros:
Character development
Story
Evie's outfits
New & fast paced combat system
Unique and cool-looking weapons
Good graphics
Carriage riding and chasing
Two playable and (mostly) switchable Assassins
City liberation missions
Associates of the Brotherhood
Two types of NPC's: Aggressors and Protectors
Your gang that fights for you
Sibling rivalry
Rope launcher
New leveling system and skill tree
Badass, mobile Assassin Hideout
Smoothed parkour/free running
Amazing background music and soundtracks
Kidnapping people
Big yet useful world (unlike ACIII's frontiers)
British accents

Cons:
Jacob's outfits
No co-op
Can only wear hood when crouched/stealthed
Microtransactions still here even though not necessary
Poorly managed weapon rewarding system (missions unlock weapons w lower stats)
No significant difference in the skill trees
Evie's cape's animation (didn't notice until I saw other reviews, but yes it is like 20fps)
Minor glitch in the inventory where they mark some equipments as new items even though I have had them for a while

Overall, 9/10. Best AC game so far, good story, strong characters, new level systems, weapons, and skilss. Definitely would recommend. Season pass is worth it (for the first time). Buy the game and have fun.
 

FrostRCK
146 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 August, 2018
Good
Beautiful graphics.
Side stories are nice.
Jack the Ripper DLC is a few years later from the main history and adds new mechanics and ways of playing.
Free run has improved a lot, it’s a lot more fluid comparing to the previous AC game.
Combat is really fun and has awesome animations.
2 Main characters to play, with a fun personality.
The main enemy looks bad ass, i kinda liked him.
Zipline makes traveling a bit faster and help’s a lot on the larger streets on this game.
Really nice theme.

Average
Carriages are a nice addition but i didn’t like to drive them, they felt a bit strange to drive.
Not a bad main history

Bad
Easy combat
Was expecting more for the ending, i liked the enemy character and was liking the history, but the ending was too fast without many interaction with the enemy.
 

Shina
604 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2017
London as a setting is really nice play to it, seems more open to move around and doesnt have those out of place ramps all over the place that make it obvious to you to climb on. The grappling hook is a bit OP IMO, can easily escape targets and climb buildings with with no effort, but i still dont mind having it in game. One of the main issues with the game is that climbing buildings and moving around in general isnt very smooth as you would sometimes climb the wrong ledge and then get spotted by the enemy, which is incredibly frustrating. Overall game has a decent story and main characters, has its flaws but would still recommend.
 

Fuego
92 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: 20 September, 2020
I was ready for a break from assassins creed for a while but figured i couldn't stop before the London based version as its a place I know and have always wanted to see from the series.

I loved the location and recognising places was a blast. The gameplay was more of the same, the addition of the rope launcher was fun to help reach some of those locations a little quicker but ultimately didn't feel that necessary to me. Highjacking carriages and taking down locations and building up your gang was great and something i usually didn't care for. The gameplay and controls felt a lot more fluid that the previous incarnation.

The story was ok maybe a little shallow and the characters felt a little too obvious to me Some of the historic characters felt a little out of place, i also think the main characters outfits and style just didn't seem to be in line as much with being an assassin as previous games.

Overall it was a good enough game however i think that Unity is better in a lot of ways and that maybe syndicate was rushed or could have been bigger and better than it is. If you are into these games and more of the same its worth it just to run around London and see some of the new characters but beyond that its better to move on or backwards on this iteration.
 

Invisible Man
586 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: 7 August, 2018
this game sucks, it is way too repetitive and while london does feel alive, it all feels the same no matter where you are. you do the same missions, kill the same looking people and nothing really changes. i hate the 2 characters you play as, this game could have and should have been much more but it felt more like ubisoft releasing another generic assassins creed game, which to me it was. this game was a waste of my time.
 

dimebag devin
446 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.6 hrs on record
Posted: 30 January, 2016
I really like the AC series since the first game, I almost played all of them except 1 or 2, but Syndicate is far the most brilliant Assassins Creed I've ever played.19th century London is amazing, I can spend hours just walking around the city, searching for famous spots, or places I know from real life.Btw the game has so many new, awsome ideas implemented, compared to the previous episodes, that you wont be able to put it down for a while!

I highly recommend u to buy!
10/10
 

Jamaican
230 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.4 hrs on record
Posted: 17 January, 2016
Excluding Black Flag, this is the best Assassin's Creed title since Brotherhood and the first one I finished since Revelations.
Lots of things to do in a beautifully crafted London. Mission design is improved with stealth being a real possibility.

8/10
 

Guru
1,196 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: 23 October, 2019
This game is alright as a £10 buy but for a £40 release it's the worst assassins creed out of them all. Aside from forcing you to help Karl Marx in a side mission, the game is thoroughly repetitive and unvarying. Some cutscenes are skippable while others (and generally the least interesting ones) youre forced to sit through. There is variation in usable objects but as in the usual AC way, the stuff they've borrowed from other games has been stripped down and squandered. Tree paths to cross barren areas? Nope. Variation in weaponry? If you count 3 types of weapon enough. New equipment? A zipline gun but no sleep darts or any form of non lethal.

The games one redeeming quality is the dynamic between Jacob and Evie. As a twin myself I did find their relationshipp quite relatable.
 

yellafella247
410 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.7 hrs on record
Posted: 8 March, 2019
After the tragedy that is AC Unity, Syndicate comes as a breath of fresh air.
Evie and Jacob start as an engaging duo with different sets of abilities that really affect gameplay but don't limit the player; it is possible to be stealthy with Jacob and brawly with Evie with no major inconveniencies. The means of transportation are varied and equally fun, at first I was a bit put off by the carts' lack of stability but soon enough I was feeling awfully gilty for rampaging the streets, and trust me... you'll want to roam these streets. Although fast travel is possible, it is almost sacrilegious to not experience the beautiful and well-built Victorian London.
It is true, most missions are rather repetitive, but BOY, they are so much fun! I haven't had this much fun in a AC game since Brotherhood.

Syndicate, however, is not flawless. The story goes really well until 70% of the plot when suddenly things start to get rushed and the characters loose some of their appeal; the last arguments and dialogues between Jacob and Evie make no sense. Mediocre characters (Pearl) get too much screentime while better ones don't get enough (Roth), the final battle is easy and very anticlimatic.

Overall I had a really good time with this game, but I understand why it may not please everyone.
 

Illusionrogue
113 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Assassin's Creed Syndicate fixed almost every problem that was in Unity. Except syndicate doesn't have amazing story like old AC. This game has great optimization, graphics are amazing as usual and the gameplay is really good. The fighting doesn't feel boring like it used to in Unity. As you have lot of skills to unlock and lot of crafting to do, you will find yourself playing side quests alot. Even though the side quests doesn't have story. Side quests you kind of do the same thing again and again but it doesn't feel boring tbh. Main missions are pretty fun and doesn't feel repeatetive. And few different unique skills for both characters makes the game maore interesting. You can do side missions in a different way every time.

If you like stealth then ACS will give you the stealth feeling even tho the AI are not the sharpest tools on the shed. Overall the game looked really good to me.Some people skipped it thinking it's another unity was a mistake. I enjoyed the game and i'm playing it again while waiting for the new AC. Hope this review helps you atleast a little bit.
 

Its_Batman
370 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.1 hrs on record
Posted: 24 March, 2018
I've been a fan of the Creed series for some time, so it was inevitable that I play this. I put off playing this for nearly 2 years because I was exhausted after Unity. I didn't hate Unity -- I played it after it was fully patched and had a decent time -- but there's a lot of busy work filling up AC open-world games.

Syndicate contains a lot more of the same busywork as Unity. I loved the Victorian London era and the gang stuff - that seemed well themed and worked out decent. I liked the revamped fighting system and enjoyed riding around in carriages. I also enjoyed Evie as a playable character. I didn't care for Jacob as much - he came across as a one-note "sarcastic ass" character which is well-travelled territory in video games.

The gameplay is as you'd expect if you've played Unity or any other recent AC game - not much deviation from the formula. Expect to do lots of running, killing, sneaking, collecting and so on. In games past, I'd go for every objective and collectible. In Syndicate, I finally decided to give that up because it was just too much busy work and I've got other, better ways to spend my time than cracking open another few dozen random chests with barely anything useful in them.

The story is OK but weaker than most AC games. By way of comparison to Unity, the Ezio tales or Black Flag, it was lacking quite a bit in depth and emotion. The ending fell a bit flat for me and was a "that was it?!?" moment. It felt incomplete. Once the main story is done, you get missions for Queen Victoria. I did one and stopped because, again, exhaustion. I also played through the first bit of the Jack the Ripper story but couldn't get much farther in that. Interestingly, Evie looks wildly different to the point of being unrecognizable to me.

Achievements are handled strictly through Uplay, for better or worse. I'd prefer they use Steam achievements so I could see them better. Bringing up the Uplay overlay is the kiss of doom for controller players - you'll need a mouse/keyboard to navigate (or dismiss) the Uplay overlay. I played via streaming on a Steam Link, so this was personally annoying to me.

So - recommended? Yes, but reluctantly. If you love the AC games and their open-world, this is more of the same. It's not bad by any stretch, just more. That's also the biggest problem - it's a bit too much.

tl;dr 3 out of 5, barely. Definitely not bad, but a bit too much "been there, done that" with a slightly boring story.
 

hoserama99
2,388 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
75.6 hrs on record
Posted: 10 May, 2018
Pretty Decent Game with fun mechanics but many of the missions get pretty repetitive as they have maybe 5 or 6 variable missions that are done in each area. Jack the ripper DLC makes game quite fresh and gives some interesting changes to gameplay but missions in this also got about as repetitive as in the base game. The repetitiveness is mostly relative to optional missions but sometimes for main missions requires you to do the optional missions to control areas. Despite that still had a lot of fun with this game especially with your ability to tether from building to building and up buildings and using these mechanics to pick off targets.
 

Esidisi
289 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.1 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2021
This is my first AC game and I loved it. Dope graphics that held up amazing over the years, runs well on my mid pc. Captivating story, good voice acting and incredibly accurate re-creation of London in 1868.
Occasional visual bugs and descending from buildings can be annoying due to the control scheme.
Overall 9/10 Would reccommend.
 

Jaz
88 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2020
Can't believe this is a game from 2015! It has aged like fine wine, with beautiful graphics, robust parkour and an engaging story. I haven't skipped a single cutscene since the game began! Will rate it 9.5/10 💖
[Docking points for the slightly confusing up/down parkour techniques]
 

Lycanthropeus
33 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2020
One of my fav AC games so far. Streamlined missions so it feels open world yet still focused. GREAT protagonists. Love that I can play Evie most the whole time. Great customization and setting. Ugh, after the weird issues I ended up with with Unity, this is breath of fresh air. Can't wait to play thru it all the way
 

Wanda D'Cosmos
264 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.7 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2019
Assassin's Creed Syndicate continues the epic strugel between the templar order and the Assassin's Creed. This time the strugel takes place during victorian london, where you play as Evie and Jacob Frye or the Frye twins. They come to london in the search of the pieaces of eden. So is the templars who already have its grip around london. So the frye twins decide to take to the criminal underworld and start their own gang. To overthrow the templar order in various ways. During your time around in london you can also meat iconic charachters like Charles dickens, Florence Nightingale, Charles Darwin and many more.

Assassin's Creed Syndicate offers the same kind of fredom as Assassin's Creed Black flag and you can roam around to do what ever you want. Illegal horse racing, Illegal fight clubs, chase after materials for new weapones and so forth. Or you could do your quests.

The biggest draw back however with Assassin's Creed Syndicate is that the game must be placed in your main hard drive. If not the game will be stuck at the splash screen. This problem seem to happen to virtually all Assassin's Creed games from what i´ve know.

I would defentily recomend this to anyone either a fan of the series or someone wanting to play something historical, action packed and strategy filled game.
 

*NCS*-=Darth Revan=-SWE
217 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.1 hrs on record
Posted: 20 December, 2015
TL DR: This game is worth playing, because it is different from the other assassin creed games. It is unique, because you can switch between two characters most of the time and you are given a batman like grapple tool... What more could you ask for right?

This game is also less tedious than the other assassin creed games I've played. It's not like there's over 70 view points. It's not like you have to kill guards all the time, etc.
This is one of those games that looks amazing, has a great story which may even teach you a thing or two, is historically accurate, has decent combat which you for the most part cannot just faceroll ( at least not until you get the best gear in the game...) and even has enough rpg elements without feeling like a grind...

I usually get bored of ''tripple A'' titles in less than 40 min. This is one of the few games I've played for about 50-70 hours and gotten 80% completion in. And after all that, I can confidently say it was worth the time.

 

Laura
250 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2019
unusable controls in parkour and combat, instant-killing when hidden works well, is the cover once blown, the fighting controls scale bad with the number of enemies, i.e. no way to quickly react, because the character is artificially locked until an enemy has definetly hit you, which causes the next lock, preventing you from running away, if more than 2 enemies are present. in parkour mode the character seems to run everywhere but the direction i'm pointing at with the camera. if i point the camera at something or someone like an enemy, that hasn't noticed me yet, that is what i want to focus on and NOT the chimney 10 meters away, to jump on it with a giant leap. or jumping off a wall which i'm trying to climb, or jumping ON a wall, which i'm trying to run along, while evading some approaching enemies. or in general that no movement of the character can be canceled and you even in timecritical events have to wait until you've climbed the bloody wall, to jump down again and enter the damn window you are circling meanwhile for the 4th time. it's the same as it was with unity, it's the same with AC II (thought the game would have improved and maybe i give it a try).

TL;DR: nope.
 

Devanor
113 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: 12 July, 2021
best assassin after 2012
 

Mr.orouji
327 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
74.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 September, 2016
You smash people with a horse and buggy, swing between buildings with a grappling hook, Victorian London is literally your playground. The story is relatively simple yet the character development is fantastic. Eve and Mr. Green are wonderful, and Jacob is a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The other NPCs also have great personality and it's simply a joy to do quests with them and learn a bit about them. I also highly recommend the Jack the Ripper DLC, it's a cool continuation of the story of the characters while adding a surprisingly dark brutal element to the game.
 

knapster2k
207 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.3 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2015
Ubisoft has won my respect after Unity. This game runs perfectly, is immensely fun, and the story both past and present are remarkable. Great Job Ubisoft. AC remains one of my favorite game franchises, I cannot wait to delve into the next juicy part of the Assassin vs Templar dichotomy. Requiestcat en Pace.
 

CriticalMach22
88 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2019
Compared to Unity, Syndicate has a slightly better story, but it doesn't look as good as Unity.

What I think really being underwhelming in this game is the city of London, you see, in the past, we have all the little streets and alleys as well as many different buildings we can climb and parkour through. But with London in Syndicate, streets are wide and buildings are too tall and sometimes boring to climb, so instead, they introduce the grappling hook thingy, and it sucks. The parkour doesn't feel parkour, more like hooks to the top of a building and hooks to another.

Also the city is just too foggy and muddy to be beautiful in general, I'm not saying the developers are to blame, I guess that IS what city of London should be, but personally I think this game really suffers from its city environment settings.
 

mraz
456 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.8 hrs on record
Posted: 30 December, 2020
I will give this game a good review it has the best combat system and a really good weapon base on what you like pistols,knifes,crane-swords and knuckles most weapons have unique combat and fatalities and the most satisfying is the grapling gun which it helps you to travel around the cities much faster and the chariot combat is good i like that and the skill tree its awesome and the story very interesting good job the both characters have unique 4 skils and the unique personality they are great and it make the game more fun


pros-good graphics
-great design on weapons and costume
- a really large map omg with a lot of collectibles
- decent dificult not a rageing game

downs-the price wait for a sale its not cheap
 

|✭Toni508✭|
135 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 December, 2015
I absolutely enjoyed the game! The story wasn't that surprising and I would have loved to learn a bit more about Crawford Starrick and his evil plans, but London was a great setting and the twins were quite charming and fun. I also had the chance to meet great characters of the time and they were lovely. It didn't feel that big as Black Flag, but I recommend Syndicate.
 

HackePeetra
130 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: 18 September, 2018
I have to say this is my favorite game in the series so far the stealth is amazing, gone are the days of easy chain kills. you can be outnumberd and die very easy this time around so using stealth is a very big part of the game and crowd blending is more usefull then ever. The story is basiaclly there is a bad dude go kill him while also searching for parts of the apple of eden, its intresting enough to give you a motive to play it. The characters are very fun to play as and have a very funny sense of humor, and the locations you are taken to are just so emersive. This game is worth your money
 

SYSTEM
200 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: 1 April, 2016
That is a beautiful start up, logo screen! So pretty!
Only downside is.... I CAN'T GET PAST THAT LEVEL!
 

WildOne94
345 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: 28 March, 2017
Good game so much to do.
 

Chinaski
41 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2019
nc one
 

𒆜⁧⁧Ａｒｆｕｒ𒆜
203 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: 24 March, 2019
If you liked goofing around on Assassins Creed Brotherhood then this is the game for you. While the plot is lacking the gameplay itself is really enjoyable. Assassins Creed Gangwars is what you're getting here.
 

Waddles
3,631 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 June, 2018
Like Assassin's Creed? Like Steampunk? Like England? Then this is the game for you!

I like the switching of characters so I can have a person for a certain job or even just for fun or a different playstyle. I've always loved steampunk and this helps scratch that itch for me.

Like all AC games there will be some repeitive moments and quests to be done,but if you can look past that,there is great fun to be had.

Not gonna lie,there are a few bugs. However I have found them to be far and few in-between. Most of it can be fixed by simply turning off the cloud save on steam or the ubisoft lancher.
 

Fletch
105 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: 21 December, 2021
Assassin game set in London? Man, I wonder if ubisoft nailed the atmosphere, I am really interested in Great Britain! I won't find it out though, since in Russia you can only play with russian language.
Yeah, you got that right: game that tries to be very atmospheric chooses english settings and won't allow you to experience it in native language.
Great move, ubi, great.
 

Banana
573 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: 31 January, 2016
I know, I know, Assassin's Creed has had many entries so far, and most of them have the same feel to them, but if you are a fan, such as myself, or haven't played an Assassin's Creed yet, then this one is a great choice! It is very well ported for PC, and has some very amazing looking textures. I love the setting being in London and the story line is pretty good so far. I do think the Assassin's Creed series needs a revamp and maybe a few new and different features, but either way I do think this is a great game and I have been having a lot of fun playing it so far, and committed to completing it very soon.

P.S. One thing I do wish it had is Steam achievements. It does have achievements on Uplay, but wish the Devs would add them to Steam as well.
 

=CryoX= JohnnyJDM85 王将
263 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
By far the best Assassin's Creed in a long time, possibly one of the best (if not best) in general.

The main characters are likeable, the gameplay is a better, more refined version of what it used to be.
The new sneaking mechanics and melee system are both more fluid and fun.
London looks incredible, as does fighting on a moving train or carriage. The new driving system is pretty decent as well.

And it actually runs well and isn't a buggy mess.
 

Saninsince992
992 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
376.6 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2018
i just finished the game could not 100 percent some objectives will make you rip your hair out overall way better than unity still same fps issues but what are ya gonna do some missions where your cart drivin i was laughin my ass off and thr weapons are cool i could do with out jacobs tophat i had i glitz where he would wear the hat and the hood at the sametime kinda sucked im glad i waited to finish the main game before i started jack the ripper i wish evie had those braclets for the base game those kicked ass lotts fun glad i bought it on sale
 

edr3458
20 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2018
Really nice game but i have one major problem...I am from Moldova and because i have the game with all the DLC's, I don't get another language but russian, even if i don't speak it...pls fix it somehow, i rly want to play it and understand all the storyline
 

bl1nk
88 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.3 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2020
game contains gang wars, I'm sold
 

Emir DENİZ
175 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
67.4 hrs on record
Posted: 16 May, 2016
Just upgrade to windows 10 from windows 8.1. The game will crash on startup if you do not upadate your driver card on windows 10 it seem.
 

Ubiman
142 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: 22 April, 2019
Many bugs
 

Ryuk_007
102 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: 10 April
nice
 

Kanye North-East
35 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: 1 June, 2021
Underrated entry in the Ac games. Lots of fun, amazing setting, and amazing music.
 

SaltyLama
206 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 October, 2016
This helped me with my AP Euro test of industrial revolution.
 

Tehmo
82 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: 24 February, 2018
This game actually felt like a real Assassin's Creed game. The same can't be said about all of the games in this series. Sure, some missions repeat themselves a lot, but still this was a game.

On the other hand, the Mr. Green storyline was rather underdeveloped and forced. As were some of the side stories as well. The WWI addition was a nice surprice.

If you are like me and want to get to play Origins, don't skip this game before that. Rogue and some others don't really matter but this one was nice to play and actually had some minor development to the grand storyline of Assassin’s Creed.
 

Melmis
179 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: 20 May, 2016
I played it briefly but then Ubisoft did a patch which broke the game. I've tried all the "fixes"posted online to no avail. I asked for a refund from Steam but it was declined. This could be a good game if it was playable but currently it is not and there does not seem to be any urgency on Ubisoft's part to fix it since it has been months now. You are wasting your money buying this game. What a shame!
 

Tython
362 products in account
1
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.0 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
yes. this is yet another assassin's creed game.

for me this is the return of assassins's creed franchise after disappointed in blackflag and unity story and gameplay. it has the feel of auditore brothers back in assassin's creed 2. in here you play as Jacob and Evie Frye, a twins, a british, in industrial victorian era. a unique modern assassin's creed story.

pros:
-Good Graphics
-Good Story
-Good Mechanics
-Nice Voice Acting

Cons:
-slightly FPS drops but its not a big of a deal
-no save option. you rely on checkpoint based save system

currently i still 2 hours ing ame. and will update soon.
 

Depol
363 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2015
I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Ubisoft learned from Unity's failings, and has crafted an AC game that is as much fun as any AC has been since Brotherhood or Black Flag. I have played every main AC game, and completed them all, except for AC3 (which was a debacle) and Liberation, which I just lost interest in.

1868 London (and a quick jaunt to 1916!) is a wonderful place to explore. Sure, it's really a Dickensian nightmare, but it feels so real! I really did feel like I was walking through a living city, something I haven't felt since Revelations' Constantinople. The city is the sort of place you want to just wander around and look at! Trafalgar Square, the Tower, Piccadilly Circus, Parliament; all of these are places to go and marvel at!

The gameplay is likewise fantastic. The fighting is as fluid as it's ever been, and despite having all the same AC fighting issues as the rest of the series, it's still a blast to fight your way through a group of Templars. My only complaint is that choosing your fist as a weapon has been removed from the engine. That means those poor Bobbies are getting gutted just for doing their job. It's not as bad as the bar "fight" from Unity, but a lack of a fist option seems silly, when really, sometimes you just want to knock the guy down.

The only real gameplay issue I have is the carriage driving. Apparently, horses in Victorian London were pretty damned tough! I can race down the sidewalk in a carriage, knocking over iron-lamp posts with impunity, and the horses are cool with that. There are only a few missions requiring the use of a carriage, and I despised them all. Thankfully, they're quickly done, and mostly easy.

I am 50 hours into this game. I've completed the main storyline, the Queen Victoria missions you get after that, and am now in the midst of the 1916 missions. The 1916 mission, set in and around Tower bridge, are probably several hours worth of play, on their own, and a fascinating look into the death of the Victorian/Edwardian world.

And you know what? There's more to come. The Last Maharajah missions are coming, and the Jack the Ripper DLC.

I spent $120cdn on this game. I can honestly say, I have not spent money this well on a game in many, many years! (Though admittedly, XCOM2 is gonna swallow up hundreds of hours of my life....)
 

Faryn
1,002 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: 26 September, 2021
its like ac unity but doesn't have terrible issues with the gameplay design
 

pazer
291 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: 26 October, 2018
I dont see the hate for this game, I really like Jacob and his smartass attitude.
 

YohaneSB
65 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.7 hrs on record
Posted: 21 February, 2016
This is a good game. Buy it.
 

Leviathan
80 products in account
3
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
132.1 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March, 2016
i cannot start
 

Syafeeqo Gonzalez
10 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.8 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
So far the game runs fine.
Almost constant 60fps(very rare 2/3fps drop)

My specs:
Gigabyte g1 gaming GTX970
8gb ddr4
i5 6600k
 

Noxun
78 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: 29 March, 2016
Product refunded

It would probbaly be a nice game if I could get past the logo :^)
 

Joe
87 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2019
actualy a rly underrated game in my op. as a person who doesnt enjoy most ac games i sucked up every single content out from this one.. (ok maybe not every single content but what im tryna say is... this game is actualy pretty decent and totaly worth in my op)
 

Rikali
291 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May, 2016
From what i can tell the game would have worked great on my computer... If the 1.5 update hadn't rendered it useless on my computer. It likes to boot up but stop at the preliminary loading screen. Please Patch this fix! And i know that you might think that it might be that my computer doesnt meet the minimum system requirements. It is stronger than the recomended settings... Please patch this , I realy want to be able to play this game.
 

Bucky_Sucks_At...
98 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
85.7 hrs on record
Posted: 17 September, 2016
GREAT GAME! Looks beautifull, lots of new content, but still has the old AC feel. Love the new assassins, and the game left me wanting more (in a good way). Great to finally see a good female character too. If you are a fan of assassins creed, GET THIS!
 

Tinkelsia
155 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: 30 October, 2020
Well, what can I say, the graphic engine of this game could've been replaced by AC Brotherhood's engine and the game would've run smoother. All that fogginess and badly rendered lighting just simply makes the game susceptible to crashes. The fighting animations are really crappy, and in the last 3 missions the escorting and kidnapping mechanism just have the most annoying bug of the game. The secondary missions are literally the best Assassin's Creed Syndicate can offer, especially Charles Dicken's ghost club missions, but the game's main story is just really a big cliché. If you wanna buy this at a full price, trust me, it's not worth it. Try to get it discounted either from here or from Uplay. 5/10
 

hydra
90 products in account
3
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: 31 May
another well made game of the franchise, although it did have its draw backs. the protagonists, Evie and Jacob Frye leave a lot to be desired. Jacob is an assassin(somehow?!) who does not think things through and simply kills without thought of any repocutions, whilst Evie although a binary opposite, feels like she does not have much going for her. She is the assassin sister to Jacob Frye and not much more. the story line was mediocre at best; Syndicate brought in the use of gangs as a way to reuse the assassin brotherhood available in previous games, however, the gangs are not used very often apart from the odd gang war. I did,however, enjoy the use of historic figures, such as Charles Darwin and Karl Marx. overall this game was a decent series to add tot the AC franchise, however it is by no means one of the best, but also not the worse.
 

Tobsttar
77 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.5 hrs on record
Posted: 12 May, 2019
I have a few but important things to say why this game is bad:
Movement in this game feels really awkward. I expected it to be way better since it's a AC game, but it's just rough.
Combat is horrible. In practice, you mash M1 until the health bar of the enemy turns white and then press spacebar to counter your enemys hit. But either I somehow suck at it or it's bugged for me, because it doesn't work.
It also sucks how you first always have to turn the priority of the game to normal to not have intense mouse lag.

I hate writing this review, because I love the setting of the game and it's characters. I love how populated old London is with all it's gangs. It's a shame it doesn't work for me.
 

stupid man thing
119 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: 5 July, 2020
a letter for Jacob
 

luky
125 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 December, 2018
Good Game.. Great time with it!
 

Alfa_Sunny
557 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 February, 2017
quite addicting and work just fine, no bug that i can tell for now...
 

Mega-Chan
13 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: 20 July, 2016
Every year, the Assassin’s Creed series struggles with the idea of inheritance. Like its Templars and Assassins, who are locked in a never-ending struggle for relics, each game picks a side in the question of how strongly should it lean into its now-convoluted ancient lore and incorporate the still-underdeveloped present-day elements. Assassin’s Creed: Syndicate chooses wisely, leaves out multiplayer entirely, and pushes a lot of that baggage into the background, largely freeing itself up to make the most of Victorian London and have fun with sneaking, climbing, and stabbing.
 

Larcen
1,019 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2018
This game is runs great very nice too look out runs smoth no hicups so far a good solid title to put some time into idk what other's are complaing about i don't have any problems with this game. And the combat was smoth as well.
 

Nativeblood
282 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2016
Product refunded

I love the assasins creed games. but by far this is the worste one i have ever owned. It has been out for a while and all it still does is crash. i can time it. every 30 minutes it crashes.
 

nlavoie
239 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: 24 February, 2019
This game was one big disappointment.
Cool idea but combat is bad, rope gun brings more problems for example when you are trying to tail someone, it will launch you to some random building, and gameplay feels kinda stiff.
Anyway, it is cool to have two characters, but I personally didn't like this game as much as "Unity" or "black flag".
I don't recommend you to buy this, but if you really think you have to get it, buy it on sale because it's not worth 40$.
(I bought it when it cost 12€)
 

EpicAtom
55 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: 15 September, 2018
Well AC series is my favourite, so I am very biased, but I would still recommend playing this one.

Like usual story is woven into 19th century England. You get to meet a bunch of famous people and wreck havoc upon London. You play with 2 different characters, which gave something new into usual AC settings.

Still, the game has the same keyboard and mouse problems (like usual), lock onto targets is absolute crap and side quests are the identical boring stick.

Still enjoyed it.
 

PolarisStar
140 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2017
It's an okay game. Keyboard controls are a little finicky. Climbing is the most irritating. Conquering areas of the map quickly becomes tedious, but there are some areas that let you get creative with assassinations. Some of the main story missions feel repetitive, but it's mostly coherent. The side missions are the most repetitive, and I don't find myself doing them unless I'm short on funds. They mostly consist of transporting a person or object, following someone or protecting an important person; it seems Ubisoft loves to use filler in their games. The microtransactions that are available are for lazy folk who don't want to spend time gathering resources in game; you won't have any distinct advantage over people who keep their money.
 

crebby
576 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: 14 April, 2021
I've played all of the main series (not counting the 2.5D spinoffs). After playing Origins, I decided to come back and play some I'd missed, like Unity (bought from Ubisoft directly) and Syndicate. Unity was not a good game, even setting aside performance issues. Boring story, bland characters, and really boring and repetitive gameplay. Syndicate, on the other hand, is a really quality entry into the series and I think the strongest one since AC2 or maybe Black Flag. It is obviously the last one of the series to retain the old formula of staying within a single city and lots and lots of parkour. I love the newest three games, but they are so wildly different in gameplay, that I won't consider them to be in the same family.

The good -

Well-written protagonists and their varying abilities let you cater to whatever gameplay style you want. I generally preferred playing Evie due to stealth, but Jack definitely rocks fights.

"Attack the outpost" missions are varied and enjoyable, more than other typical Ubisoft offerings that came before this one. While each type generally has a formula, they are still fun and provide some challenges at times.

The flavor and atmosphere of Victorian England is well-done. Smoky, rainy, crowded, dirty. The river traffic is fun to interact with, too, hopping from one boat to the next like Frogger.

Fights are well-done and visceral, particularly as your skills develop. NPCs do employ different fighting styles and fights can quickly go the wrong way if you're sloppy.

More environmental options for kills or stealth.

The zipline is a little immersion-breaking as well, but it makes getting around London a ton easier and is a great QOL improvment - no more wasting time climbing up the side of something.

Using your gang as backup is fun, effective, and they can be upgraded in multiple ways.

The bad -

The "bosses" are not that memorable, outside of the endgame boss and one of his lieutenants.

Carriage chases are annoying, because the streets are so crowded.

Fast travel always takes you to the top of a building and you wind up have to jump off, blah blah. Why not just take the player to the front door?

The camera locks to the player during certain sequences and it's annoying because you want to look down the street or your next objective, etc.

NPC levels feel a little odd in how they relate to player abilities. I never had a good sense of what they actually meant.

The ugly -

No "choices matter" in the game. This is jarring, because the characters often comment on the outcome of certain actions, but the player has no agency to choose a different path. The AC series has never really been known for that, but it's always been a glaring issue that really stands out in this game.

It doesn't really effect gameplay much, but the trains just seem odd in the game. They go around a loop like a model railroad. Some weird immersion-breaking moments there.

NPCs just react oddly to a dead body in their midst - "Ah, you were a good soldier. Now back to pacing aimlessly." You'd think they'd be a little more alarmed, call in help, something. Kind of immersion-breaking as well.

Overall, though, if you like the AC series, it's well worth getting, especially on a discount. I got my enjoyment out of it and am now moving on to Odyssey again, but don't have any regrets about playing this one unlike some others (looking at you, Rogue and Unity). If you've never played the AC series before, but like action games, it is maybe a good starting point as it is not as dated as the older entries from a technical perspective.
 

doctor_hillbilly
479 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: 31 March, 2016
Product refunded

i can not play. when i open i show the assasin icon but can not play. it stay at the this icon
who know how to fix it pleas tell me
 

NONNHAIWA
111 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: 22 March, 2020
lit
 

datboiwithdaboop
108 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.3 hrs on record
Posted: 6 February, 2019
Better than AC:Unity, last era for old school fighting system
 

ATiP153
298 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 October, 2016
queen vicky
 

freelance math tutor
151 products in account
3
7 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: 14 October, 2017
Nothing brings back the memories of my past life, as a beautiful english female assassin when, I once again, get to wander the cold streets of England, filled with fear and despair, while the stench of♥♥♥♥♥♥and puke fills my lungs. What a time to have been alive.
 

imagine losing
394 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.0 hrs on record
Posted: 13 December, 2015
Well Assassin's Creed never disappoints. Another great instalment in their epic franchise. The fighting style and techniques are even better. Stealth is just as crucial as the last game. They've brought great language and dialect and you get a sense of great research efforts with the featuring of Charles Dickens. Evie and Jacob bring typical British sarcasm and sibling love. 10/10
 

Ghettohead
114 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: 29 April, 2016
Excellent Game! After AC Unity failed, AC Syndicate is here save the series and doing it FANTASTIC!

+Graphic
+Music
+Gameplay
+New features
+Environment
+Story

Just try it in yourself.
10/10
 

lofty
39 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2017
The game is not like the old games, that is true, deal with it. The game is fantastic, the grapple hook is fantastic, combat is fantastic, characters are pleasent! I enjoy this game, though the lack of animal petting is a little off putting.

Pros: Everything
Cons: Can't pet animals
 

Nose
300 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
58.5 hrs on record
Posted: 21 May, 2020
I hated this game. The PC keyboard/mouse controls are insanely overly complicated, not intuitive, not user-friendly. You use the same letter keys for multiple things, and if you hold them slightly too long, or hit them too quickly, you end up doing something completely different than you want to.

Although there are fast-travel points, you can't actually use them any time you're in the middle of a mission/quest. Which is ridiculous. Your hideout is a train, which moves very slowly and if you've got a mission across the city, it takes forever to get there, no matter which travel method you use.

The carriage driving is also terrible. The controls are too sensitive and there's no way to modulate speed in a reasonable way, so you end up smashing into things and taking corners far too fast, without being able to easily navigate around obstacles or NPCs.

And speaking of NPCs... Many, many missions have an insanely high amount of NPC characters, all of whom you have to overcome to achieve your goal or goals. And many of those NPCs are able to (and do) kill you in seconds, even when you stay within zones that are appropriate for your character skill limits. Redoing quests/missions over and over, simply because the leveling system is very badly done, is extremely frustrating.

The sneak option is really poorly implemented too. In other AC games, things like high shrubs and grass, or even a stack of crates, are usually decent places to hide. Not in this game. There's basically nowhere except roof-tops to hide, and even when you do, NPC characters climb up right after you in excessively large numbers. Which breaks the immersion of the game, because if you're crouched and hiding on a roof, how the hell can characters hundreds of feet below you, spot you and climb up to you instantaneously?

As well, I found the game to be very, very glitchy. Lots of stuttering, freezing, crashing. My hardware is more than capable of running it, but I had constant problems just getting the game to keep running.

I really like quite a few games in the AC franchise, but this one is awful. Repetitive game-play, unimaginative storylines, terrible keymapping, terrible in-game navigation, terrible NPC leveling. Huge waste of money, I wish hadn't purchased it. I'll tell you what I wish someone had told me... Even on sale, it's not worth it unless you enjoy being constantly annoyed and frustrated.
 

Furiosa
141 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
73.7 hrs on record
Posted: 11 July, 2019
The best part.
 

Danielek
143 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.2 hrs on record
Posted: 30 April, 2017
Product received for free

Best Assassin's Creed Game For me <3
Story, Graphic, and fighting combo just awesome <3 <3
 

RazorANik
1,087 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.9 hrs on record
Posted: 6 November, 2016
I really love this game and so far its the best Assassins Creed after black flag
 

Straegos
861 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.5 hrs on record
Posted: 11 January, 2016
As much I love Assassins Creed series.I would recommend this game only on sales time when it will be around 20pounds.
Old games had great story wich they did mess up.Now its just same game only in diferent age.
 

Ruddy
246 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2016
wonderful

after the breakpoint that ac unity hit was going to give up on all ac series but syndicate changed my mind
 

SkySatan
824 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.4 hrs on record
Posted: 13 December, 2015
Personally, I would like to see them go back to a "present day" with some actual playability like you did with, Desmond. But aside from some minor details, Syndicate, for me, is one of the best in the series and is definitely recommended. Many improvement's have been been made with the mechanics of the game to REDUCE frustrations you likely experienced in the other game's. All around good game.
 

Arch Xi
84 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2017
Assassin's Creed syndicate screams of a francaise that has ran out of ideas. Its no wonder they went for the reboot option following this title. How to drop the ball 101.
This is a bog standard Assassins Creed game with all the usual guff, smoke bombs, darts, ranged weapon, melee combat weapon. For some reason you also manage to loot Batman's personal stash and get hold of the Bat Grapnel as well.

The game plods along with a meh plot set in London. It seems like the creators wanted something of Gangs of New York meets Marry Poppins. The ideas are correct but London itself is uninspiring and one dimensional. I couldnt have really told you the poor parts from the rich parts even being a Historian and a resident of the United Kingdom. In short it all melded together. The gang fight missions were nice but you had to troil through the usual assassins creed missions first. In this case its assassination, kidnap and rescue. *Yawn* In most cases I did a mission if I strayed towards it but ignored it and did my usual fast travel method of Assasins Creed map movement.

Combat was pretty dismal as well, there are 3 weapons to choose from and the "dynamic" combat really boiled down to bash attack, dodge or quick shot when need to and stun the guy when he blocks. Gone are the timed counters from previous games. The was little timing or skill involved and I quickly found myself able to take out multiple opponents above my level with the sneaky character much less the combat wombat. Combat felt very forced and more of a button bash that it did in previous titles. The weapons available were also very un-inspiring a Knife, Knuckle dusters and a Sword Caine. I stuck with a Knife the entire game because the graphics of the others simply seemed a bit lame. There were the usual multiple kill options in combat but I think the game rolls a dice to decide if you execute this ability, sometimes it happened others it didnt.

Free running has always been a staple of Assassins Creed, in this title you now hold A to go up and X to go down. Sure if I wanted to skill jump parkour Id play Mirrors Edge, but this still feels like it takes all the flow and control away from you. To make matters worse the pre mentioned Bat Grapnel means you can fly about like Batman, instead of climbing a building one aimed shot can take you right to the top. Sure you move quicker but it just takes away the whole point and feel of Assassins Creed.

The game only uses four types of bad guy which sucked big time. Gang members, Guards, Templars and Police. Gone are the patrols of guards led by a captain or the guy with the big weapon etc. Again you button bash your way past these guys like you were... hmmm yes Batman.
The targets are also badly thought out, I will conceed the final bad guy Crawford Starrick has bags of bad guy charisma even if the final confrontation with him is more like a poorly thought out mini game than an actual finale.To top this off you even have a very predictable Bill the Butcher style guy leading the red enemy gang and he was voiced by Captain Jack Sparrow. *sigh*

I wanted to like Evie and Jacob Frye but both were quite one dimensional characters one violent the other sneaky *predictable*.
I really wanted to love this title but found the story pretty non existant. My usual too many weapons gripe was met with a not enough weapons complaint and I honestly couldnt wait for this to be over. The future / modern parts of the story were also lost to me and just served in wasting time, it doesnt fit what so ever and lets not even visit the World War I time line missions. Its as if a dev said "oh oh London lets cram everything we can in" That said Jack the Ripper DLC ( didnt bother) should have been part and parcel of the game although it was nice to see Spring Heeled Jack, although the game made no attempt to really explain this. So much potential in a historic and fine city lost.
If your a AC fan then go ahead and play this title but I wouldnt suggest getting it outside of a sale, if you havent played AC before avoid this one and play an earlier title you will find it much more satisfying!
Additional, having finished this title I decided to go back and play Assassins Creed 3 again. Can confirm there is more storyline and RP aspect in the first hour of gameplay than Syndicate's entire title. Disapointing.
 

KD6-3.7
224 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
43.2 hrs on record
Posted: 12 May, 2018
First, let me say that I'm not recommending this game, not because of the game itself or anything in it, but because of Ubisoft's continued negligence of fixing bugs associated with this franchise.

The game itself is like other AC creeds. If you've played them and like them, this one shouldn't really be any different, other than being set in London. However, there is one new game mechanic that I thought was long-overdue that they finally included; early in the game you get a sort of hookshot tool which allows you to scale buildings almost instantly. It also allows you to move from rooftop to rooftop almost instantly as well. This is a HUGE time-saver. In the past, you could be on a roof and see something you need 2 rooftops away. If the city block was oddly shaped, sometimes to best way of proceeding was to climb down the building, then up and down the next building, and then up the 2nd building just to get the item. This was tedious as all hell. This new hookshot device eliminates most of that, and takes away one of my biggest complaints. That sort of thing was fun the first 2 or 3 games, but now it's just a chore. Good on you Ubisoft, for finally including that tool.

However, I'm still downvoting this game because it bugs out and stops running after every major sequence, and after some minor sequences as well. Apparently the issue has something to do with UPlay trying to update itself, and can be worked around by simply playing offline. What the hell, Ubisoft, fix your crap. This is now the 2nd AC game that had some sort of crashing bug in it, and although people complain about it regularly enough, Ubi continues to raise the middle finger high and proud, so I'm not buying any more of their games until they finally get their act together, and you shouldn't either. ;)
 

Fight Club Police
186 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.4 hrs on record
Posted: 26 June, 2019
A mostly forgettable entry to the Assassin's Creed series; This game has two opposite gender protagonists and a story that's mostly a snooze fest.

That being said, I did 100% the game and I found that the setting of 19th century London and shiny graphics side quests were surprisingly unique and enjoyable. The combat was quite a bit improved (more similar to the modern RPG mechanics of today's Assassin's Creed) from its predecessors and I found myself playing through despite some of the smaller missions being a bit repetitive. An aspect of this game which I quite enjoyed is the addition of a World War I setting that takes place for a few chapters after the completion of the main storyline, which is a modern theme we may never see revisited in the series. This game will most likely be largely forgotten but I have a small soft spot for this Assassin's Creed entry.
 

LeVernicus
302 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
42.9 hrs on record
Posted: 9 November, 2020
The entire game I felt the controls were not very intuitive. They tried to make them better, but just made them worse. I had no issues with the controls in Unity.

Some of the missions were very poorly designed, or were just scripted chases where you only catch up to your target when they reach a certain point.

Story was good, but Jacob and Evie are a little one-dimensional. He's reckless, she's careful, and they never let you forget it.

I really love the AC franchise, but this one was not fun for me. If you're dead set on playing all the AC games, buy this on sale. Otherwise, this one isn't worth your time
 

yamo25000
69 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.0 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January, 2017
To the general feeling of the game: Its set in London around 1900 within the industrial revolution and in really emerges you into this world.
So, we all know that after Black Flag the series went kinda down. I didnt really want to try another AC game but i grabbed it on a sale for just 20$. I must say, ubisoft redeemed theirselves with Syndicate. I would have even paid the full price, if i knew what a fantastic game it was. They did a really good job with the Freerunning thing and bugs are basically non existant, so dont listen to ppl that just complain about issues and bugs. You get plenty of different skills and new game mechanics. You can also switch between 2 characters all the time (Evie and Jacob), which lets you play 2 different styles (stealth and aggressive). There is also a good equipment system with a few different factors to make you stronger.
To end this review i must say its a great AC game and competes with the older titles, grab it if you feel like playing AC again.
 

Nevermind
131 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.2 hrs on record
Posted: 14 October, 2017
Recommend getting this game while on sale. It is your traditional Assassin's Creed game, does't change much in terms of mechanics besides the addition of the grapling hook. Although not required, using the grapling hook does make it easier to travel across the city.

The story is pretty mediocre, but still quite enjoyable. The one thing that I have always had a problem with is the way the Assassin's Creed games take you out of the world and into modern times. If you are like me and don't much care for the modern story, then you'll be glad to know that this game keeps it to a minimum. There is a few cutscenes but no gameplay during modern times. No need to walk around the Abstergo Lab doing repetitive mini games in order to progress the story.

Overall, if you take your time playing through the main story without doing any of the side quest such as freeing the boroughs, the game is roughly 20 hours. If you want to complete everything and get all the collectables, then this game can easily be 40 hours plus.

Good game, one of the more enjoyable Assasin's Creed games released.
 

Themeaun
415 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2016
I just completed the main story for this so about time I did a review.

Pro's:
Great story with a intresting historical plot.
Brutal yet satisfying combat.
New combo and multikill system for dispatching enemies.
Incredible open map portraying London very well.
Grapple hook... (It's in every AAA game now, don't act suprised)
Character switching.
Spot on voice acting and portrayl of historic figures.
Interesting villains with some having strange yet sophisticated morals and aims.

After running this game on two systems, One with a 750ti and one with a GTX 1080 I can tell you that they both run the game well. I found that on a lower card you are much safer lowering your resolution to 720p to get a very well deserved solid 60fps on medium graphical settings which still looks good. With a higher end card you're gonna be able to run this game incredibly well. Overall it is very well optimised.

Cons:
Some recycled animations from previous games.
Future/Current story lacks depth, insight and any kind of interesting aspects.
At least one story mission is a tail or listen mission which can be ended by silly NPC design paths.
Very lost plot path in the beginning previous tutor/assassin never checks up that you went to london throughout the whole story.
Ubisoft AI system... (You should know that every ubisoft game runs with AI that thinks like a mildly autistic frog with no legs)
Side mission very dull and repetitive
Ability to buy ingame money with a microtransaction store.

Overall the whole game was great, I enjoyed the main story, I found the side missions rather boring so I decided to leave them for now, It is definitely a game I will return to to maybe do some of the side quests. Great experience for anybody with a well optimised engine which will run well on budget cards. Well worth a buy if you're looking for stealth or rough and tumble gameplay.

-This is a review of the game leading up to the end of the main story. Any missions or equipment that is unlocked after the final act is not in my opinion whatsoever that must be judged yourself or with others reviews.

"Together? Together...."
 

Phish
1,230 products in account
3
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: 26 October, 2017
Enjoyable but like many AC titles, a bit grindy.
 

krev23
149 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: 30 January, 2019
Had a lot of fun working through this. It is the first Assassins Creed game I have played and I will try another thanks to this.
 

B.J. Blazkowicz
132 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
69.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 July, 2021
The last AC before series went to some other direction and after AC Unity another one that's not good. Story is boring (if there is any story worth mentioning), missions are generic and there is really nothing interesting that you would remember someday that made some impact on you. You won't lose anything if you skip this AC or maybe you just want to put this AC in your collection of games in series which you have completed.
 

Medo Krpeni
56 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.7 hrs on record
Posted: 5 April
UPDATED REVIEW (original below) - After getting more playtime under my belt, there are a few redeeming factors in this game. First and the most important is the visuals. No one can deny that this is a beautiful game with scenery that feels so real to the time frame it's based in and the characters movements and emotion in the cut scenes. I've always loved AC games because they kinda feel like I'm watching a movie and I personally think this game captures that as well. Another is the story, while I still feel like the plot is less than, when you are playing the characters one on one in the story line I think it has some great moments that really grab at your attention and interest. The side quests are pretty fun, especially the ghost hunting with Charles Dickens, I love the characters, and while most the fighting is repetitive it still serves it's purpose. I've also gone further into the Jack the Ripper DLC and have nothing bad to say honestly, that is a great addition and probably the only reason I'd buy the game. The bad points that still surface are the glitches. Whether it's the game not registering a chest I've already picked up, having to redo multiple fights because my moves weren't being registered like they should, NPCs glitching through walls or just not being there in some cut scenes.. yeah it doesn't make the game look great and it makes it difficult to play. So should you buy it? Yeah why not. If you love this time frame like me, I do believe it'll give you that personal experience of living through it. And again, if you're wanting to finish the AC library I do believe that while this isn't the best one, it is not the worst either. Definitely wait until it's on sale though, I would never buy this game full price.

Only a few hours into playing and already it disappoints me compared to other AC games. It's glitchy in all aspects, has some wacky controls that have registering issues when commanded, and honestly lacks a good backbone of a story. I love some of the characters but most of the dialogue between the twins is just bad jokes or fighting so far and it takes away from what is going on around them. I have enjoyed the Jack the Ripper add on more than the main game. If you love AC then I do think it's worth it just so you can say you've played it and know the lore, but I won't be doing any extra play throughs when finished with the game.
 

mboogiebear
70 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: 3 January, 2016
Great game compared to the old(er) AC games

+Good graphics
+Great voice acting
+enjoyable characters
+many character customizations
+can play two main characters
+the story
+the controls are smooth
+the rope ladder is a large plus

-glitches appear sometimes
-the fps drops with almost 20 fps in large areas with many people/horses
-getting hurt from wheels on carriages without touching them
-little tricky to shoot the rope where you want

Overall it's a good game. You wont regret buying it!

10/10 - me

*Edit* So I just finished the game and the ending was pretty good except for the events in "real time" which I understood nothing of.
 

dog.exe
138 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2015
Impressive game. I was born and raised in London, the map is actually the same place in London. Graphics are just magnificent! 8/10 worth buying this game. So now we are gonna focus on the story like ACII. Wonderful!! *I'm not a fan of multiplay.*
 

VBadwolf
78 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2021
Crashes way too much
 
A developer has responded to this review

Fortnite GIft Card
37 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2015
Not much story going on... Not sure why the cloth physic is under 25 fps while everything else is 60...
Sadly can't get my ps3 controller to run this game but still a pretty fun game.
Love the night view of London.
 

ttsoon
169 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.7 hrs on record
Posted: 19 January, 2017
Great story just very bad controls for PC :(
 

Redvy Roxx
46 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.3 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2016
Finally an AC game that i like since AC 2
 

W0hn J1ck
139 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
83.9 hrs on record
Posted: 18 December, 2016
One of the best Assassins Creed titles out there. The combat is great. The story is solid. If your looking for a good AC experience you should pick this one up.
 

lockstockglock
248 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
67.2 hrs on record
Posted: 14 September, 2020
ho
 

gargamelaux
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.1 hrs on record
Posted: 30 December, 2016
its like ac unity but way more playable and refined
 

Stache-Man
384 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.4 hrs on record
Posted: 8 December, 2015
Syndicate is a nice AC, but I would love to have a bit of more, in aspects of stories and depth.

I really liked the thoughts brought to me by AC3 and Rogue, but there was none in this game. The story is just too flat.

And you must be kidding me to end the game in such a ♥♥♥♥ mission...
 

WeAthFolD
208 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
113.4 hrs on record
Posted: 29 May, 2016
Where do I start? Syndicate had the most side activities than any other AC, hands down. You lead a gang!
Pros:
-Amazing Graphics
-Awesome story
-LOTS of historical figures(Queen Victoria, Charles Darwin, Charles Dickens, Karl Marx, to name a few)
-LEAD A GANG
-Conquer boroughs of London
-Evie's a badass!!
-Switch between the Frye twins
-Fun combat
-Cool details, like people playing cricket in a park, or kids playing Hopscotch
-Get to play as Lydia Frye in WW-1 (Jacob's granddaughter)

Cons:
-Need good driver and a good computer

I found this to be one of the most fun AC games to mess around in and get hours of fun gameplay.
9/10 Love this game dear to my heart

Scorecard:
Never buy
Not Recommended
Buy on Sale
HIghly Recommended
This is a must play (for Assassin's Creed lovers)
 

dushDJ
76 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.4 hrs on record
Posted: 9 October, 2018
It's nice to look at London up close, it's authentic enough, but everything about it is... ♥♥♥♥. The villains are flat or stupid, the scientists are all jumpy idiots who seem to invent things accidentally, they wouldn't even leave Arthur Conan Doyle out of it. The story is boring and flat, the protagonists are kinda fun, but they are just props to deliver "witty" remarks.
The graphics are pretty, but soon as you stop to look at things everything falls apart, npcs have trouble navigating the streets, carriages always clog intersections, four different directions of those carriages waiting forever for each other to get out of the way.
The only good things here are the music and Evie's thighs. Not worth the price tag.
I played this game twice before to 100%, now I'm playing it for the third time, third time I'm trying to give it a fair chance and it's as disappointing as I remember.
Talked about this game with my friends recently after playing it some more to pad out time and it's time to add to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Alexander Graham Bell was the inventor of the telephone, photophone (first machine that moved data using light, kinda like an optical cable), a man who helped build one of the first hydroplanes and spent his life improving sign language. This game depicts him like a child overdosed on sugar.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was a medical professional, the diagnosis itself - observing symptoms and using them to figure out the cause - was a concept he found interesting and used the concept to write detective stories about Sherlock Holmes. In this game you meet him as a child and he watches you solve crimes which are about slowly following big arrows to the end. So in this game Sherlock Holmes is all about good assassins saving the world.
Before the game was even out I saw someone complain about some company logo on the trains not actually existing until the 1960s, but honestly why care about one small texture everybody's going to miss anyway when people like Bell and Doyle are being butchered before your very eyes?
 

YaoyorozuRising
1,305 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
113.2 hrs on record
Posted: 24 May, 2016
Much better than Unity, more interesting story and a great recreation of London. The modern cut scenes were as usual disappointing and added little value as I have no investment in those characters.
 

Spac
171 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.1 hrs on record
Posted: 17 May
Last Assassin Creed I remember that gives you a choice (like Hitman) on how you want to kill your target. Unlike all the subsequent games...
 

HeroAtom
57 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
The actual game looks a lot better than Ubisoft's promotional footage/screenshots. Uplay also works flawlessly.
 

elelunicy
311 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: 23 August, 2017
Not Assassin's Creed at its best but a small leap of faith foward for the franchise
The best games for assassin's creed was the Ezio triology everything else almost always lacks ether on story, gameplay or character development!

Revisit Ezio's Trilogy back when the Assassin's Creed was in its prime

7/10 for this game
 

xXRedBaronXx
351 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 May, 2021
I purchased AC: Syndicate and found out that my ultrawide monitor is no longer supported. That is right: this game had ultrawide (21:9 for example) support on launch and later took it away with a patch. Furthemore, none of the usual "hex edit tricks" work on this game since the game does not seem to expose this setting anywhere.
Truly amazed by the incompetence of Ubisoft, I thought I will not be surprised in such a way when pretty much every other game in the series can be fixed via a Hex Edit. Syndicate cannot be fixed, and the fact that it used to fully support ultrawide cutscenes (lots of footage on YouTube from around the launch) before a patch removed this functionality makes this a terrible purchase.
If you have seen a fix for this let me know but as it stands I cannot recommend this game to any ultrawide user.
 

Dravic
401 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,139.6 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2020
I like games that don't force the player to follow a predetermined path. This game is open world in the largest sense of the phrase. If you can see it, you can go there. NPC's react to your actions, you can go anywhere and do most anything.
 

tallpiper
79 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.4 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
The game told me my Graphics card with 2GB vram could only handle low settings. I put them to high and it´s still running with 60 FPS so try it out even if it tells you otherwise!!


The game is the best assassin´s creed game in quite a while and altough it took some getting used to since I didn´t play Unity it´s a really good game with likeable characters and a beautiful city!
 

Wantman
80 products in account
3
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.8 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2016
i played the original Assassin's Creed and this is def not a disapointment. free running in London is esp fun since i always thought of that city as a perfect place to do so. (go there in real life,it just is) my favorite part so far is the fact i can play a female assassin finally :D it allows you to switch between the twins (bro&sis) but i def prefer playing as Evie though.
 

Coratanni
164 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2020
what a disaster this game is, to start off you are forced to install Ubisofts cancer client Uplay in order to play the game which on it's own would be annoying but the game itself is unstable. i finished the first Jacob mission and the game crashed, i finished the first Evie mission and the game crashed. the game is 5 years old yet it's so buggy that it crashes after every single mission, it's unplayable.
 

Red Devil is Back!
498 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.2 hrs on record
Posted: 18 March, 2017
Absolutely amazing game. Stunning visuals and a very Assassin's Creed like plot. It reminds me most of AC Brotherhood in the ways the sidequests are based. If you enjoyed taking over Rome then you'll enjoy this. The city feels like a more refined version of Paris from AC unity so that's nice as well. So far I've conquered London and have completed most of the associate missions and I've only just finished sequence 5 (I did 8 too) and my level is 10 so you really don't have to progress the story much to be able to do all the side missions. A step in the right direction for Ubisoft!
 

Matt
99 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.1 hrs on record
Posted: 7 October, 2017
CornHub
 

franz lizard
78 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January
Rule Britannia, Britannia rule the waves. That's what I was feeling when I was playing this alright game. 7.8/10
 

✪ Lion
27 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2016
the game won't start only shows the logo. I did reinstall but still not working.
 

ACE
321 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
164.8 hrs on record
Posted: 7 December, 2015
i got so addicted to this game that i finished it in about 5 days
 

Nidith
46 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: 20 February, 2020
London looks great, Evie and Jakob are both compelling characters to play as, even if you are not a fan of the series, I would still give this game a try, especially if you get it on a discount.
 

Kitsune
398 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2020
Love it!!! <3
 

Neona
28 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
62.2 hrs on record
Posted: 23 July, 2020
Controls are buggy, frames freeze for no apparent reason
 

KangaWuJack
30 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: 18 November, 2019
This is an amazing game series, which I have relished from the very beginning! I especially admire the historical facts in the game and the landmarks that are so amazingly detailed, It has ignited my love for the renaissance and also for the Victorian era. I think I have learned more about history from these games then I have in school.
 

cjjharrington
78 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.2 hrs on record
Posted: 29 September, 2021
Are you looking for infuriating gameplay? Do you want to play a game that is bugged beyond belief? With missions that fail for no apparent reasons? With constantly changing key mappings based on where you're looking, who's in the vicinity? With key combinations that no one can remember? Then this might just be the game for you! Otherwise, please don't buy this crap.

This game combines all flaws from the whole serie. Glad they improved since, try e.g. Odyssey if you want value for your money.
 

m00lie
447 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: 14 December, 2015
I would like to say that Unity started a revolution in graphic engine, however, the temporal detail techniques failed to bear the weight of such awesome graphic quality. But Syndicate perfectively fixed this problem. Very nice feeling of control and the actions are fluent. Players will enjoy the process of assassination.
 

Trash
76 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
82.6 hrs on record
Posted: 24 November, 2015
Just finished the campaign. Wonderful experience. Had enough of nice cutscenes to tell a decent story. Nice to be able to swtich character most of the time. I loved Elise from ACU, and Evie Frye didn't disappoint either. Did I mention pretty as well? AC series has such strong female characters. Nice to have a happy ending (in contrast to ACU). The ending brought a tear to my eyes. Alas, all good things will come to an end ... a memorable end, though. Will remember Elise & Evie for a long time. :) Technically, this PC version is sound. Had a few occasions where the game either hangs or have some glitch. None too bothersome though. Restarted and everything's fine again. This game is much more optimized and bug-free then ACU. Nice to have automatic saving too (while RPGs often require you to do tedious manual saving every now & then). Well, the animation of the fighting action impressed me too. The character models are nice. The crowds are there on the streets, making London a lively city. Was not able to buy Helix & XP points with real money though. Just got an error message. Well, nothing that can't be solved with a bit of grinding. Overall, looking forward to next year's game. :)
 

R6ex
417 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2018
Pleasantly surprised by this title. I hated AC: Unity because it was so buggy and had really unsatisfying gameplay, it felt like Ubi had stripped down the mechanics of past titles without replacing them with anything.

This game is more close to the AC2 which is good because it focuses more on giving the player a fun experience than just having a bunch of monotonous activities that nobody wants to do. What I mean by this is that the devs knew that the strong suit of this game is the combat so you have much more missions that are action-oriented.

The story is still really stupid, it hasn't been good since the second installment so no surprise there sadly.

The game is still really fun though if you just don't pay close attention to the story.
 

XIRB
246 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.6 hrs on record
Posted: 13 July, 2019
very fun :)
 

yikes fuck off
20 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: 6 July, 2019
it is a game
 

Alex_3763
188 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 January, 2017
♥♥♥♥ your HELIX points
 

nichijou
1,300 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2021
game keeps crashing.....
 
A developer has responded to this review

Fire Sage
13 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.3 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2016
best. game. ever. amazing graphics. decent plot. apart from ezio, these may be the best leading charaters in any assassin's game.
 

whyknotts
56 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.9 hrs on record
Posted: 25 August, 2019
Open world with lots of historical lore and almost no bugs nor timed sequenced QTEs, all in a breathing 19th century London. Loving it.
 

vertemFR42
623 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 May
Product received for free

This game is highly underrated in my opinion. The gameplay is awesome, the music is perfect for tits setting, and the story is compelling. One of my favorite Assassins creed games before the RPG versions of AC came about. Give it a try if you havent yet!
 

Nhemesis
42 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.8 hrs on record
Posted: 15 May, 2020
All in all its one of the better AC games, especially after the buggy mess Unity was.

There are still bugs here but I suppose they have become a default for AC games now. The game does have a good story to dwell into and the brother-sister combo is pretty good. I did not find the game that challenging as it had grind mechanics which you can use to get levels ahead of what is required for story missions mostly.

The combat is more versatile than previous games, when it plays out well it plays out well but sometimes it can get frustratingly weird, if you got bonked on your head by the cops you'll know what I mean.

Graphics are impressive but do keep in mind of the quite common stutter bug this game has, to fix that add the code to turn of nvidia hariworks framerate thingy(just google how to do it) and that smoothens the game out, also you can turn off the fog for more clarity.

I would rate the game 3.5/5, it is still a decent game for the fans but not as good as Black Flag or the initial games in the sense of story. As far as mechanics go it is more fun to play out than the older games but at the cost of some annoying glitches and cheesy story points.

Loved:
-The gorgeous London recreated with sights to see, probably one of my top favorite settings in an open world game.
-The train hideout system.
-The multiple ways you can assassinate your final targets.
-Costume design.
-Free run is more fun with the grapple mechanic.
-Cart driving was also fun, I still don't understand how you make a horse ram :p but fun none the less.
-Good story for the most part, especially the DLC for Jack.
-The precursor object they are in the game seems to be an interesting one.

Hated:
-The additional objectives of missions don't grant you half the bonus if you complete half of them, you need to complete all of them which sometimes is annoyingly hard due to bugs with freerunning or weird detection glitches. Like in the strong hold conquests sometimes a rook would die for no apparent reason and I won't ge the extra bonus.
-The love story between eevie and henry just seems ♥♥♥♥♥, like hes the damsel in distress and his intrusion in the game feels forced and unnecessary. Kinda annoying character to be an assassin. For how much I loved Jacob and Eevies as the protagonists, I hated Henry as a whiney b****.
-Nothing unlocks if you conquest all of London, it would be amazing if you got a side mission or atleast a cutscene for conquering the whole city, I got none. This grind brought me back to another game I hated, Mafia 3, for doing useless conquering stuff with no end result or gift to the player. Atleast a cutscene would be good.

I would rate the game 3.5/5, it is still a decent game for the fans but not as good as Black Flag or the initial games in the sense of story. As far as mechanics go it is more fun to play out than the older games but at the cost of some annoying glitches and cheesy story points.
 

SoloKarry
123 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: 12 May, 2016
Was much better than previous release. Plot isnt bad and activities are fun. I also didnt feel like i had to do everything...

Best AC since black flag.
 

Chops
274 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
37.7 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2020
CRASHES AFTER EACH PART OF THE GAME... ALWAYS . NO REINSTALLING DOES NOT HELP.
 

STEELskull66
50 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.2 hrs on record
Posted: 21 October, 2017
ubisoft just throws out the same remade game every year and never release any patches to fix bugs that were even in previous games, do not ever buy a new assassin's cree game
 

ChillBanana
310 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: 13 July, 2017
Fun game with more personality than AC: Unity, it largely streamlines the better aspects of the franchise's gameplay and doesn't feel as bloated as some prior games. The ability to switch between main characters is a welcome addition, though the character's motivations in cutscenes still feel schizophrenic when contrasted with actual gameplay.

The setting of Victorian England is excellent (so was the French Revolution but Unity managed to make that bland somehow!), the gang warfare aspects are fun even if largely a repeated template and the side-character memories spice things up a little. The game also doesn't mind having a little fun at its own expense, like characters rolling their eyes at the big self-important speeches targets make post-assassination. Unfortunately the main villain isn't particularly memorable (there is a VERY memorable side-villain who shows up very late in the game and is unfortunately quickly killed off) nor does he feel particularly effective or dangerous regardless of what the game insists on telling you.

The modern day framing is reduced as much as possible without removing it entirely (please just remove it entirely) and remains as uncompelling and uninteresting as before. The "witticisms" of the tech character seems to have been toned down somewhat, though it remains a mildly frustrating presence while trying to read up on the history of characters/locations in the database you assemble throughout the game. Being a ubisoft game, the collectibles are overkill and maps don't exist for a couple of items, making it an exercise in frustration to find yourself 1-2 items short of clearing a section of the map. The game frequently presents you with "helix points" for doing things. I have no idea what helix points are and since it didn't seem to affect the game in any noticable way I didn't bother looking it up.

Basically this is a fun Assassin's Creed game. It doesn't do anything particularly revolutionary or change up the franchise much (Black Flag remains the high watermark in that regard) but it does what it does very well. There's a lot of the same problems from previous games, but they've been reduced to some degree while what is fun has been polished quite nicely. Definitely worth picking up in a sale.
 

MisterBlister
375 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
72.2 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2017
Definitely an improvement after the great fiasco that was AC: Unity. Though gameplay may be repetitive at points. 9.5/10
 

Enjoyer of Dawnbreaker's Thighs
119 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2020
The most fun I've had with an Assassin's Creed game in a while.
 

The Dude
445 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.0 hrs on record
Posted: 2 May, 2016
I haven't enjoyed much of the previous AC games except `Black Flag' and `Brotherhood'. After expecting the franchise to go downhill this game takes a step forward in the right direction. The combat and the game mechanics are the most fun yet of any of the previous games.
 

wthompso
174 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
244.8 hrs on record
Posted: 31 March, 2020
Latest Review

AC Syndicate, In my opinion i think everything in this game is making this easy to play. such as rooks or the gang [whatever] u can give them order to kill ur target or use them to protect u. and many activities such as cargo hijack, boat raid, child liberation etc.is better than boring side quests of AC unity [Murder Mysteries, Paris story, Nostradamus enigma] And moreover u can easily climbing to viewpoint by using rope launcher to reach the top of the building instead of climbing normally. So I Approved!





PS : I Love Evie
 

Сининн
274 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: 5 April, 2019
Great game, well worth it's price on sale!

PC port is good. 1440p/High @ 30fps very stable (only drops on cutscenes) with i5-8300H, 8GB RAM and GTX 1050Ti.
No crashes or issues, it runs perfectly. Need to lock at 30fps with RTSS though. 60fps is impossible with this CPU.

It's a good AC game with enhanced mechanics over Unity. It keeps the good stuff and improves the rest while still keeping the traditional Assassin's Creed experience. This time around the interesting part is that we have 2 protagonists. Jacob is more classic-style and focused on combat while Evie is more focused on stealth approach. You can change the characters anytime for side content. Story overall is not good but it's in the Assassin's Creed franchise standards.

Map size is not the biggest but it's enough for a current-gen experience with plenty of side stuff to have fun. It took around 24 hours to beat the story and complete every side missions in this game (no collectibles, only missions/free the city).

Combat mechanics and parkour are way better than AC4 and it is about the same as Unity. It's also much faster because now you have a rope to climb faster, making free running and climbing more fun.

Great game and probably the best classic Assassin's Creed game, I had a lot of fun with it.
 

RNishida
140 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.6 hrs on record
Posted: 18 April, 2021
Frye Twins are a great pair of main characters, and the option to go with either of them, according to your style of play or the goal of the mission was a nice adition. You get to meet iconic people from the London industrial revolution era, as well as wander around the city by foot, using the grappling hook or by driving carriages. Carriages caused one of the few annoying things of my experience, as the frames suddenly drop to zero when you go at full speed in order for the map to load. Apart from that it's still a game worth playing, even if you don't go after every collectible in the map.
 

Sprint
195 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: 16 September, 2021
buy it ; ) you will thank me later
 

Bob The Pacifist
55 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 February, 2016
one of the best AC game ever
 

Lil Nasty
118 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
269.2 hrs on record
Posted: 8 February
It is fun and challenging to play.
 

Whitewolf
81 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.0 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2015
It's AC game again with some new gameplays and they're good.
Narrative style is fun and interesting. Really enjoy this.

I've experienced no techinical issues. Ubisoft have done their job really good this time.
Plus, the performance is great. I played it on PC with spec of i3 1st Gen, AMD Radeon 7770 GPU at low preset and it runs quite smooth (~ 30 frame per sec).
 

Astider
654 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: 12 January, 2021
Superior to Unity in every way and the best traditional Assassin's Creed game to date.
I was biased to believe that it was bad, but it ended up improving on everything that Unity stood for.

This is the truest Assassin's Creed to date. Both side content and main story missions are filled with assassin sandbox objectives and it's a delight to be able to be a proper assassin, scoping the area, picking guards 1 by 1 and outgunned and outnumbered, but prevailing over the opposition. Child Labor, Templar Huts, Gang Strongholds, Cargo Steal - encourage you to be the best, to recon, to utilize tools, to be a badаss. You can kill gang leader before actual gang war. Ziplines are a welcome addition, the cover system is better.

The assassinations are better than Unity. All of the Assassination story missions present unique settings and opportunities, "Unique Kill" is great, there are barely any fail states. Lambeth Asylym, Buckingham Palace, Bank of England, Alhambra Music Hall - so many well designed missions.

The new combat system is tough to start getting used to, but once you level up and start using Multi Kills, it becomes very satisfying. I even completed fight clubs deliberately, to farm Quadra Kills.

The music is very good. Free exploration and stealth infiltration music - masterfully crafts the atmosphere, impressively interesting timbres and arrangements. The soundscape of industrial London, with all sorts of alarms, horns, whistles, metal and machines feels very inspired and a must to experience.

The story has it's bad moments and I was planning to rant about it a lot, but no, I ended up being completely satisfied, the framework in which it operated was very good. (kill 7 henchmen and the main bad guy after)

I really liked this game - but unfortunately it's not a good game. The game is bloated. This game is a slog and chore to grind up to 100% with zero payoff. MOST of the side content is amazing, plainly good - this game's problem is that there is just too much of it! By the 10th hour of going through only side content, there won't be anything new for you to see. The collectibles are as terrible as in every Assassin's Creed game.

After I completed the final mission, the game has yet unlocked more side content for me to do - Queen Victoria missions. You really can't help, but need to all the hard work not to go to waste, can you Ubisoft?

Bell, Dickens, Darwin, Victoria, Nightingale - none of them are of any value to the actual plot, most of them are present for like 1 mission in the entire storyline. They couldn't shoe horn Karl Marx into the story missions, and so his side content is unlocked abruptly and without introduction.

The game is designed around the idea of "take famous person -> make protagonists run errands for them"

The races are bad, probably the lowest point of the game. Need for Speed Underground levels of rubber-banding on opponents part.
 

Isaac The Dad
315 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
75.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 March, 2019
Pretty good. Story is nice.
Mechanics are working, crashed very rarely.
Gameplay still the same but with fresh elements, good stuff.
Be the friendly neighbourhood spiderman.
Pew pew guns.
Jack the Ripper quests got me wet.
I give it a 9/10. Fun stuff.
 

Empi3
679 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.4 hrs on record
Posted: 14 June, 2017
This is a great addition to the Assassin's Creed franchise and a great step forward in terms of functionality and controls. After the train-wreck that Unity was, this game was a breath of fresh air. Having a setting in London was a perfect next step also. Great graphics, compelling dynamic between the twin brother and sister duo, great leveling system and a ton of other great improvements. Though, this game isn't perfect. The storyline could've run together a bit more logically; along with that, the ending left a sour taste in my mouth, but I don't want to spoil anything for those who haven't given this game a chance. Still a great buy!

The assasinations do get a bit stale in the mouth after extended sessions, but the inclusion of a great deal of side quests and more collectables than ever make for a great passtime after completing the main storyline. DLCs are relevant and a ton of fun, exploring the giant space really lets you be immersed in the game more easily. Overall, it's a great game that solves more than a few problems I had with previous installments, while also staying true to the theme of stealth, quick decision-making and most importantly: Skill with your weapons.

Action/Gameplay: 8/10
Story: 7/10
Graphics: 8.5/10
Controls: 9/10 (Vast Improvement)
Character & Weapon Upgradability: 9/10
Atmosphere: 8/10

Overall Score (IMO): 8.5/10
 

Tala_Farals™
126 products in account
6
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2019
This game makes some very weird political and social statements. to the point that it actually ruins the authenticity of the game. The world they created is graphically very beautiful but it doesnt feel like 19th century London. I dont think it compromises your values to show the world how it was. instead they upsell the social prominence of women and trans people in a way that left me scratching my head. street gangs full of butch knife wielding women, apparently controlled london. The allure of the AC universe was that everything in the games COULD have happened but we will never know, but with this game, its pretty clear that the design of this game however was based off modern social cues and the desire to appear forward thinking to the point that they abandon any sense of authentic historical immersion.
 

madlarkin8
392 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.7 hrs on record
Posted: 18 May, 2020
I liked this game, its a bit buggy in places but very enjoyable to play. I loved being able to pick and choose between Evie and Jacob Frye in the open world quests. I also greatly enjoyed the romance between Evie and Henry. (Swoon!) So sweet!
I liked the fact the map wasnt too big and I was able to complete all the quests and side-quests as well. The armours and outfits looked beautifully designed with great attention to detail and lovely use of textures, colours and fabrics. While not as amazing a game as Odyssey still a really enjoyable game to play.
 

cell1e
107 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: 20 February, 2019
Very good game I just finished it.


Everything about game was great The controls and Parkour left a bit to be desired and was not as fun as Unity which has better graphics and better story and gameplay..

But Victorian London was quite fun for the 30 hours I played it.

I recomend buying this game but only on sell for 15 bucks or less anything more is overpriced for what you get.


Overall grade B+
 

Kaname
1,228 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.5 hrs on record
Posted: 25 August, 2020
C'mon, killing bad guys in 19th Century's London, what's not to like?
 

hijosderoddaria
26 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
130.9 hrs on record
Posted: 3 February, 2016
Really fun, especially once you get to a high enough level.
 

Animus-Futuo
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: 24 November, 2016
Just buy it don't think so much
 

UltraViolence
59 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March, 2021
evie frye brain go brrr
 

top me wattson
74 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
204.7 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2016
I've played this game for quite some time now, almost since it first came out. Needless to say, it's a great game. The graphics and storyline are amazing, even if there is an abundance of side missions and activities. However, they tend to prove interesting. Overall, a great game that I am exceptionally happy with.
 

DarkMoon
59 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March, 2016
Product refunded

Syndicate... the reviews looked good the gameplay looked good and I let my self get tricked into buying their games again... after installing the game 2 times on diferent discs and reinstalling Uplay, hello darkness here we meet again. This pile of dung only gave me the loading icon and never started. Its a known bug without a fix and they wont give a ♥♥♥♥ about it. I hope you choke on this game ubisoft.
 

Godskneiters
142 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: 20 June
I'll tell ye's all something for nothing. Have been playing a lot of AC Origins and Valhalla recently, but booted up Syndicate a couple of days ago. Due to the sale. Honestly it never perked my nips as Victorian England does not interest me. I visited London in 2016; now after starting Syndicate I was in a constant state of awe of how faithful the game was to the real London. Syndicate is a tale of dark conspiracies, violent gangs, child labour and heavy industry that succeeds in mixing up the well-established Assassin’s Creed formula and introducing a well-needed breath of fresh life.
 

𝓬𝓪𝓽𝓱𝔂
16 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.8 hrs on record
Posted: 10 March
imo, the best assassins creed game, the rpg elements of origins & onwards have ruined the series, this is the last game that truly felt like a fun open world experience with lots to do and explore, also the setting is really good, some parts are a bit weak like the final boss battle but overall very fun and satisfying
 

cyie
521 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2017
By far the best AC game since Black Flag.

I wasn't expecting much from this game and to be honest, when I heard the addition of a "Grapel Gun" was going to be a thing I sort of thought "Uhhh so, short cut the parkour element of the series? Well ok.." and had even lower hopes but in playing this game I was pleasantly surprised and as for the grappel? You'll often find you only use it in cases of emergency (Such as needing to scale something quickly while persuing a fleeing target)

Grpahically it's pretty standard for the series but that's not a bad thing. Industrial London is absoloutely beautiful and it's one of the few cities that actually feels alive in a video game. It's very heavily populated which makes from some reallly fun gameplay and exploration.

Gameplay wise it is also pretty standard except they've clearly moved as far away from the whole "social stealth" gimick of earlier games and just plunged head first in to full on stealth. Proper stealth is now a completely viable and worthwhile option. The parkour has been improved greatly. Navigating is really smooth and you can use the grappel gun to cross the street via zipline without ever having to break your little free running experience.

Before in earlier games you'd be running across rooftops then suddenly find you had no choice other than to drop on to the street. This made tailing people pretty damn annoying but in this one the grappel gun solves this problem. you're no longer forced to drop to the ground. You can remain on rooftops all sneaky like.

Story wise it's excellent but if you come here for the present day type story you will be dissapointed as there is very little present day story in this game (Which I prefer to be honest) instead it focuses solely on London in the 1800 and the adventures of Jacob and Evie.

Speaking of, they are brilliant characters who contrast each other very well. Evie is quite clearly the better character of the two and I often found myself wanting to get her missions completed before I even touched jacobs. Her interactions with the other characters remind me of the way Ezio interacted with people in AC2 and that's never a bad thing. Jacob on the otherhand has a very kenway like approach to things.



It's an awesome game and I highly reccomend it. Hate the whole microtransaction crap they have going on though. You don't need to engage in any of it but the fact that this story focused, single player game has microtransactions shows what kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft is trying to move toward.
 

Fawkzi
364 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.2 hrs on record
Posted: 20 May, 2020
I have to say, I very much enjoyed this game. The aesthetics are great and the world feels very lived in. It truly feels like a glimpse into industrial era London, and the music goes well with it (at least most of the time, had one weird glitch once...). The gameplay is what I've come to expect from the past AC titles, along with a decent story and characters. Evie and Jacob are very archetypal, but it never seemed to bother me, and I enjoyed both of them (although I played as Evie primarily). There are some neat additions like the hookshot that make for some fun as well. The game isn't without flaws, and suffers from some of the same problems as Unity (although far, far, FAR less). I didn't feel like the flaws took away from my experience though, and were only ever minor things.

The DLC were all decent additions to the game, however I don't think any of them would be worth anywhere near the standard price. Absolutely buy on a deep discount. The game, overall, is a solid entry in the series and caps off the original AC style well. Now I'm on to Origins.
 

Greenasaur
232 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: 22 March, 2020
sick

no black plague tho
 

Thedeanbean214
28 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: 1 February, 2016
Run Witcher 3 with the setting on ULTRA, i couldn't even run this game pass the logo. It's another piece of ♥♥♥♥ like Unity. And no official support on how to fix this (to this date of this review).
 

Archie
231 products in account
6
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: 17 January, 2016
The previous Assassin's Creed Title: Rogue put us in the role of an assassin turned templar. This game takes us back to the roots of being an assassin and fighting the pesky templars.

However, major changes! Don't worry, no story spoilers here. Just the game dynamics!

You take on the role of two assassins, Jacob and Evie Frye. Yes, you read it right. Two assassins!

Don't like Jacob or simply tired of male characters? Play Evie! She is quite the blast. There are missions that require you to be a specific character, but in free roam you can be whoever you want and switching betweem them is as easy ad 1-2-3.

The first time I saw the game world. I said, "WOAH!". Well, perhaps I shouted it...I don't know. I did have a literal nerdgasm though. The recreation of London is phenomenal! Wait until you guys see the Buckingham Palace or climb the Big Ben. It's simply fabulous.

The combat is still nice and easy with a mix of firearms and throwing knives. Both Evie and Jacob have a set of skills they can train and they have 2-3 unique abilities exclusive only to them. Whatever you decide to level make sure you grab lockpicking for opening chests! The locked ones are a guarantee to acquire schematics for cool weapons and garments.

Fighting is fluid, climbing has never been easier, voice acting is great, the story line feels flushed out, and the world is marvelous. However, it's not about being the assassin anymore as it is about saving London. The player will fight rival gangs, free children from corrupt factory owners, and save city district by district from the "Blighted" rule of the Templars.

I wish you luck on your adventures and I hope you enjoy this game as much as I did for every second of playing it.
 

Tuz
293 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.1 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2016
Walked by a group of people and the kids were jumping 50 feet in the air. 10/10
 

baxben7
356 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2015
skeptical at first, RUNS AMAZING. this is a fantastic game that helps me forget about the horror that unity had created.
9/10 for VERY minor issues
 

Morty
54 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
140.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 August, 2018
AC Syndicate it is the ninth major installment in the Assassin's Creed series, it's has unprecedented feature about previous AC games, players can use The Assassin Gauntlet, allowing the wielder the means to a quick escape, or to facilitate urban travel by creating or on-the-fly ziplines under the palm.

The game has the player take on the role of an Initiate, since 2012 Desmond's died, after all AC games all play the intiatite (Newcomer) so far, as they explore the story of the twin protagonists, Jacob and Evie Frye, both of whom are playable (Note: Both of them don't action together).

The two arrive in London in 1868, as the Industrial Revolution reaches its climax, bringing its lot of inequality and poverty in a city controlled by the Templars. To stop their rule, the Fryes will take over the organized crime in an effort to gather an army, free London and made those bottom workers avoided cruel exploitation by those enterprises.

AC: Syndicate is set primarily in 19th century London, during the Victorian era, but she is puppet.

If you suffer from OCD, then AC are your good choice, the game has many collections, major, side mission 100% finish and achievements.

Battle system better than AC Unity more and more, driving system so so, is acceptable, graphic beautiful. I recommend this game.
Rating
90
 

nick anney 5838
6,727 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
Syndicate runs well for a Ubisoft game, UPlay has been updated and redefined so now it's much more like using origin, it's less clunky and frustrating to play a Ubisoft game on PC now, well for me at least.

The gameplay feels like a tradional AC game with the addition of a grappling hook so you can quickly make it from point A to point B. The melee combat is much faster paced and the takedowns are incredibly over the top, I bashed a guy in the head with a cane and he did a full flip and then I hit him again to kill him, they're cool looking none the less but it's a little too over the top at times.

Jacob and Evie are probably my all time favorite protagonist's out of all AC games, I played Rogue and I felt that Shay was an amazing character to play as but running around as Jacob or Evie is much more enjoyable this time around.

The customization is nicely done, they still offer micro transactions like they did in Unity but it feels much less forced now, I've been able to quickly get the equipment I want by just playing the game the way I want to, I don't feel forced to buy a package of in game money so I can upgrade my weapon. So that's good!

One thing that bothers me is the lack of inventory and equipment, you're only able to equip your weapon in full combat as well as the hidden blade which really bothers me, the whole point of the cane sword is to have a weapon concealed in an average cane but you don't even get to see it! You fight someone and then you take the cane out of your coat pocket and then put it back in after the fight is over, I would like to be able to walk around with the cane hanging out in my hands like in the screenshots but nope. Maybe they'll fix it in an update.

All in all Syndicate is great, it runs well, it's gameplay is great, London is incredibly fun to be in, the characters are well rounded and have a good sense of humour, and the addition of being able to walk around the city with a gang following you is very cool, feels much like Peaky Blinders the game (Great show if you haven't watched it already!)
 

bored gamer
534 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
266.3 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2021
Steam:
Let me just say no I would not recommend it.

"Review:"
Too many crashes and loading errors. The movement mechanics are, also, terribly awkward and unwieldy.
 

opheliaalexiou
104 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
118.6 hrs on record
Posted: 8 December, 2019
You get to play as twin protagonists, Jacob and Evie Fyre, and explore the streets of Victorian Era London.

POSITIVES -

+ Immersive Environment;
+ Multiple approaches to the main missions;
+ Crafting
+ Well designed city
+ Unique characters with pros and cons to using both
+ Jack the Ripper DLC was complete and well fleshed out

NEGATIVES -

- Main antagonist is very generic and has little to no impact on the story
- Modern story is also very uninspiring
- Uninspired game-play
- Horrible glitches in the "Last of the Maharajas" DLC

I ended up putting in around 119 hours into the game and now have all the UPlay Club Challenges and Achievements. Some of the achievements were a bit of a pain to grind and a little off the beaten path.

Overall, I'd say this is one of the better Assassin's Creed games (liked it more than Unity / III) and would rate it a solid 3/5.
 

KingSpirit
147 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.9 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
Positives:
-Amazing Settings
-Immersive
-Likeable Characters
-The Ability to switch to the character and playstyle you prefer
-The Story

Negatives:
-The Portrayal of the Templars after Assassins Creed: Rogue is confusing
-The Graphics have been noticably lowered probably because of the shock after Unity

Overall I would really reccommend this game to anybody.
 

Smedly
670 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: 14 December, 2019
Whilst the game itself is very good... Ubisoft WILL lose all of your save files at least once. I can no longer find the will to start from the beginning for the third time.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Wreckasaurus
164 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2017
Great game with good graphics and story bla bla bla... but seriously it's a really good AC game.
 

25.0000° N, 71.0000° W
544 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: 5 September, 2020
excellent combat and great story in the mix
 

Ultimo182
93 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: 7 February, 2019
本身就是bug的姐弟俩，让我对这部作品印象一直不是很深。
 

她说我不够温暖所以披上他的外套
244 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.2 hrs on record
Posted: 29 July, 2017
Besides horribly glitchy carriage riding, it's a beautiful game. I enjoy it very much.
 

cgunz
25 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: 7 April, 2021
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌
███┌┌┌┌█████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌
██┌┌┌███████┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
██┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████████████┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌████┌████┌██████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██┌
┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌
┌┌┌┌██┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███████┌┌
┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████████┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌████████████┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌█┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌███┌┌┌┌┌┌█████┌┌█████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██████████████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌
 

PeterNoDayzOFF
85 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.4 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2017
It's not a terrible game, but it definitely did not mark a real positive veering to get back on the right track after the disaster that was Unity.

CONS:

There's just a few issues with the game that for me point to it being a sup-par game, especially when compared to other games in the series:

-Laziness regarding world-refinement: One of the most striking examples of laziness in the game are the guard sentry boxes that you'll see at Buckingham Palace, Wellington Barracks, etc. If you look at the top of the box, if your facing the front, you will see the insignia 'EIIR' which is the royal insignia for Queen Elizabeth the second. It baffles me how this even made it into the game. Ubisoft got the it right for post boxes, giving them the 'VR' insignia, Queen Victoria's. Anyways, point stands that it was a very lazy mistake, that could have easily been avoided.

-The game just crams in every historical figure that was around at the time and suggests almost no conflict of interests.
'Oh Yes, Karl Marx, I shall escort you to your trade union, not until after I finish an odd job for Queen victoria though.'
This seriously damages the dramatic value of the game. If the protagonist is just a 'yes-man' for every mission-giver then the game seriously just becomes Historical Figure Hunter 5. Even Assassin's Creed 3 had Connor standing up to allies like Washington, Samuel Adams, etc, and it made for an interesting story by casting scrutiny on colossal figures in history.

-Syndicate has reverted back to the old style of Templar, the textbook Moustache-Twiddling villain who is unmistakably evil. This made for a really watered down plot. Ending was terrible.

-Rope Launcher ruining what was half of the fun in the first few games of the series.


Okay, I feel bad so I will highlight some of the PROS:

-Combat is more challenging challenging, thought lack of weapon choice (being limited to 3 types of melee weapon) does make it dull. Though I guess it wouldn't be historically accurate to travel around with a large heavy axe in 1868.
 

Lloyd George
51 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: 3 January, 2018
Uninspiring and repetitive, even a new setting can't save this experience.
 

EarIGrey
313 products in account
0
121 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
Frankly, I'd like to recommend this game on a lot of levels, but one thing in particular utterly ruins the entire experience. They introduced leveling into the game. While that isn't so bad in and of itself - they made enemies that are higher level than you practically invincible badasses that'll take a hundred or more hits to kill and will also kill you in about two hits. Oh, and to make it better the levels of enemies are just randomly distributed around the city. So.. you're walking along, and totally own a group of random level 2 thugs. Walk a block over, and suddenly you're fighting the exact same thugs.. except now they're level 9 and will utterly own you without question and without the player having any chance at all. Exactly what AC games needed - an MMO leveling scheme.
 

Enorats
301 products in account
11
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: 9 October, 2017
Fairly speaking, the gameplay has improved a lot since Unity, I was really into it.
Syndicate is an adorable game for both AC fans and people who just interest in the historical background, tips in the loading screen did great job teaching players not only gaming skills but also historical imformation.
I love the idea that having a train as my base of operations, it's makes the gameplay so different from any AC game in the series. I also love the idea that having two main characters (Switchable) and each has sepcialized skills. Evie was good at stealthy assassination with her elegant attacking style. Jacob was a real badass which actually reminds me of Connor and Edward who can handle a bunch of bastards alone.
If you think AC Unity ruined the series, then Syndicate is the game to restore confidence.
 

HandsomeLost
393 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 December, 2015
AC Unity dispite is massive amounts of hiccups. Was overall an enjoyable story of where I became attached to the characters inside that game. Despite my disappointment of the overall game mechanics AC Syndicate makes up those mistakes and has given me faith into another Assassin Creed game. The story is quite refreshing, but I do believe it fell rather short. Many of the sequences in the game felt anti climatic towards there position in the game and I believe that some of the characters that were introduced into the game like Miss Nightingale only came into the game about 3 or 4 times depending on your mission agenda. The voice acting on the other hand was much like assassin creed revelations. It was outstanding and I felt the need to really care about Evie and Jacob Frye. I grew attached to the twins and I do hope that the next Assassin Creed game will bring in a new Dynamic of displaying two assassins. They do not have to be twins but it would be nice to have two personalitys to play to. AC Syndicate is a breath of fresh air and am looking forward to the next Assassin Creed. I do recommend you sink in as many hours into the game as possible :P
 

Porthorian
132 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: 15 December, 2015
With this game and Rainbow Six Siege (as well as the PC port of Rogue earlier in the year), Ubisoft really turned themselves around this year.

Other than cloth physics being locked at 30fps for no reason, the game is great and one of the better AC games, up there with Brotherhood and Black Flag. The new combat and movement systems work great (having a hookshot is something I've wanted in an AC game for a while), and even after finishing the 20 hour main story, there's plenty of fun to be had. Despite this, the story is kind of meh in comparison to the Ezio and Kenway Family trilogies.

Definitely not Game of the Year by any means, but I definitely got my money's worth with this game. 8/10.
 

Billym0619
329 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 July, 2017
My new favorite AC
 

AxEdUdE
121 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: 23 August, 2020
goood game
 

Emmanuel*RD
69 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: 20 October, 2017
great game probably my favorite assasins creed game so far love the victorian era.
 

LoneShinobi1223
65 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
108.0 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2015
I would like to say that Ubisoft really improve the AC series. Well, I can play it all day. You don't have to think much, just buy it and try it, this will never disappoint you. With the interesting upgradeable tools, skill, and THE ROOKS! So much things and places are waiting for you to discover. Beautiful landscape also. About the mission, the main mission looks interesting, but the side missions really really make this game a lot more fun. I could say, ACS is the best AC I ever played since AC2 and AC4 Black Flag.

10/10 no doubt for ACS
 

Lylacs
110 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: 4 October, 2017
I picked it up for £13 and finished the game. The world feels so empty, the weapon choices were bland and Ubisoft was pushing it microtransactions the entire time. It was a boring and souless game which I wouldn't really reccomend this game. Give it a miss.
 

Hymm
296 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2019
I had stuttering problems but after running the game as Administrator, the stuttering magically went away . The Movement and the controls are just horrendous, half of the time the character is just unresponsive , fights are monotone , you basically do 3 things all the time. The city is beautiful but the clunky controls , predictable story makes it an average game .
 
A developer has responded to this review

NAMASTE
621 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: 15 October, 2020
Wont be buying anything from Ubi untill they allow people to play a game with any language pack they want. In my region i cant play this in English. The game is all about Victorian England and i cant play it in English - what a joke. Sorry, it is uninstall for me.
 

phreaspirit
59 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.3 hrs on record
Posted: 18 June
It was really cool to see London, and I enjoyed the main storyline. That said, the open world capture quests did get repetitive after some time, and the camera made me a bit dizzy, limiting my playtime to a few hours each time, so I didn't end up finishing this game.
 

dway
157 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.3 hrs on record
Posted: 9 June
Syndicate initially felt like a step-down from unity, but after playing it, I enjoyed the world/story/characters. It is one of the stronger games in my opinion and I enjoyed playing as two different characters.
 

New
61 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January
I was really interested in exploring Victorian London and the game does a great job in making you feel in that environment. I am enjoying it
 

sunny8er
73 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January
sex with Grappler
 

armia
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2021
This is a pretty good game
 

coltonmatthews07
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2021
7/10
BUT whoever is deciding to put "present time" in the game deserved to be fired, ruined the ending, that ♥♥♥♥ is cringe
 

S1Ny
35 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2021
A must play game!!!!!!Main story is worth to play!!! Although bit disappointed by world war 1 simulation
 

manoftomorrow
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2021
very epic game 👍
 

chillys127
50 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
77.4 hrs on record
Posted: 10 November, 2021
cool game 👍
 

Lusacan1
31 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.8 hrs on record
Posted: 11 June
It’s a nice quality AC game even though with some Ubi traditional minor bugs. If you’ve already felt boring to digging in rural area in previous AC game(Black flag, rogue etc...) and prefer hanging out in a metropolitan environment, Syndicate/Unity should be good for you. Syndicate has less bugs, more smooth performance and more convenient moving system (Yes, rope launcher is amazing!). Unity’s design is more sophisticated, you can enter most of building and explore interior structure. I recommend you to buy them on sale, worth the price.
 

Hümphêriæ
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.0 hrs on record
Posted: 7 November, 2021
A bit on the shorter side probably due to my 100% only if it seems fun approach. I love London as a city irl anyways and seeing all the places in ac-style was as awesome as it gets. The story is pretty light weight and after the first few missions you can go to pretty much the whole map. Some features from brotherhood I kinda missed and you look always so classy. Never really figured out how to do the multi finishers tho and refuse to learn it after completing all story missions and all side missions at least once
 

Alwothyo
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: 6 November, 2021
I was lurking through my game collection, and I've noticed since I've bought it, I have not touched Assassin's Creed Syndicate. I remembered enjoying it when I first played it back in 2015 so I thought why not, let's give it another go.

I am very happy that I did, I just got through the games opening, and I have to say really good so far. Very reminiscent of older AC games like AC2, combat while nothing like AC3 or AC4 it feels good. Especially considering both characters have their own proficiencies. Evie is geared more towards stealth, she's much more agile, and has more agility. Whereas her brother Jacob is more combat geared his combat feels heavier, and sluggish. I've personally come to prefer playing as Evie as her agility both in and outside combat gives her quite the edge.

Out of the recent AC titles this one is so far way superior, I'm really enjoying my re-visit of Assassin’s Creed Syndicate. It's also in my opinion aged very well.
 

nscoby93
88 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: 12 September, 2021
k
 

KOKO
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 September, 2021
gwapo
 

pacK
65 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.3 hrs on record
Posted: 7 September, 2021
gud game
 

Vivaldi
41 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: 3 September, 2021
Not as good as a lot of the other AC games, but still pretty awesome
 

maccad vexdak tap
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: 1 September, 2021
I love this game there are a few bugs but thats 1 of the things I like about it
 

Angry Step Dad
123 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: 24 August, 2021
good game
 

High Times
10 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: 18 September, 2021
The game is ok, It's fun and the is easiest AC game to parkour in. The story is nice, a bit of a grind but still engaging for the most. However my save file got corrupted about 95% into the main story so I never got to actually finish it.
 

Mysdax
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
103.3 hrs on record
Posted: 8 September, 2021
STORY

Relatively short for an Assassin's Creed game of such scales - London has to be one of the biggest locations in the entire series (before Origins, Odyssey and Valhalla), yet the story is too short for it. Starrick isn't as charismatic as other main antagonists of the series (compared to Germain and Haytham), and in this one we're playing as already trained assassins. Nonetheless, both Jacob and Evie have interesting personalities, and even if they have barely any character development, they're still interesting to play as and I didn't skip a single cutscene with them. The most boring character, unfortunately, has to be Henry. He's just... there.

WORLD

As I said, London is one of the biggest maps that Assassins ever Creeded. And it's interesting to traverse around it, I found myself just looking at the character walking around at a slow pace, or some dafties playing cricket in the backyard. London feels alive thanks to all the carriages and trains. And surprisingly, every region has its own taste to it.

GAMEPLAY

Yes, ranking system exists. And yes, it works as a really good way of implementing difficulty. It's up to you if you want to make the game easier or keep it purposefully harder. Nonetheless, you still insta-kill if you use the hidden blade.
I've got no beef with Ubisoft Towers and I honestly wish they kept this gimmick, it really shows what you can do in the world and where you can go.

COMBAT

Different weapons! Bet we won't see that again.
For real, it's nice to see an assassin wield something other than a sword for once, and each weapon has its use. Throwing knives are still nice, but the lack of sleep darts makes the game a bit more difficult. Pistols are great for open combat. The combo system is also a nice touch, especially combined with some of the skills from the tree.

SOUND

The sound design is great. My only issue is the soundtrack itself - it's easily the weakest one on the series. Too much quick strings, mostly without any other instruments on the background. An interesting touch, but not fitting for Assassin's Creed game.

TECHNICAL

Surprisingly well-polished, compared to the previous game in the series. Granted, it still has some signature Ubisoft bugs related to NPC generation, but other than that - it's as smooth as an Ubisoft game can get.

CONCLUSION

Buy it when it's on discount. If you want to spend some free time walking around Victorian London - the game's for you.
 

chron
114 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 August, 2021
Right, I recently played through this game, the WWI sequence and the Jack the Ripper DLC. It was amazing. This game is like a better version of AC Unity with the levelling system not being as harsh and less bugs and glitches. The Victorian London is good but not as good as Italy or Colonial America. Really good story though.
 

Shadow
165 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: 14 August, 2021
A good game, an interesting plot, I liked the action movie and there is also a good optimization, the FPS does not sink... everything is at the highest level. Good
 

Wenomechainsama
46 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
67.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 July, 2021
game
 

philswift
20 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2021
Honestly I just like Assassin's Creed. This is a fun game though, the gang aspect is interesting and between the Frye twins there's room to play how you like
 

SableCorvum
24 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: 24 June, 2021
oh
 

Elder
90 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 February, 2021
GREAT.
 

Thomas Lindel
28 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
105.1 hrs on record
Posted: 23 February, 2021
Underrated game with great level design
 

Caplin
70 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.8 hrs on record
Posted: 15 June, 2021
Good story, love the setting in the Industrial Revolution in England.
The Parkour is nice, although it feels like a downgrade from Unity, being less fluid.
Still way better than the newer entries in the series.
What I don't like as much is the "build your gang" aspect and the countless collectables which don't offer any interesting gameplay or reward.
 

Cerberus
77 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 May, 2021
Decent AC game but nothing special. Doesn't do much to step out of the bubble of the traditional ac format (unlike origins). Story is mediocre but serves its purpose in giving you a reason to beat up some Templars, and speaking of beating up Templars, the combat is serviceable and fun for the first few hours but gets pretty old, pretty quick. However stealth is great, many different ways to approach an encounter and has some decent AI as well. Parkour is good but isn't as relevant because of the grapple hook added to the game, which is fun but ultimately forces parkour to take the backseat. So if combat is decent, parkour is decent, and story is mediocre, what makes this game stand out? Well in my opinion, it's the world. The world has INCREDIBLE atmosphere and I rarely hear people talking about it. Synchronising on a viewpoint is so magnificent and is lifted up by the sounds of Victorian London sounding violins. Seeing all the horse carriages and factories emitting large clouds of smoke into the sky is so well done. Patrolling London at night has a sense of unpredictability and can feel quite dangerous. If there is one thing I am a sucker for in games, its the atmosphere, it adds to the immersion greatly and being immersed in a world is the main reason why I play so much single player games (and why I love the witcher 3, rdr2, and the ac series so much). You may not share my passion for the world in this game, but you should defiantly give it a try because I think it's the most underrated world in an AC game. But apart from that, it's just more AC with a few tweaks here and there.


7/10 Great world, meh gameplay.
 

ABGP15
73 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: 25 March, 2021
The combat animations are pretty good which can get repetitive, but overall the graphics are nice if you are able to run it at max settings, and there is a lot of activities do do around the map like a usual Ubisoft game. Story is okay, take it as you will for the most part.
 

KingofLight
40 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 March, 2021
London is a marvel to travel trough.
The main characters are a lady whose interests are never the focus of the game, and a brainless guy who gets most of the missions.
There are good historic moments in the game, and many personalities, although their participation is a bit forced.
 

Voriig Kye
140 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.1 hrs on record
Posted: 18 February, 2021
Fantastic Story through the main campeign , Charecters where Great, the Dickens Missions was a nice touch to Spice up the normal Story. Jacob and Evie are two of my Favs the Segments with the Assassins in Modern Time where Nice, and Sterick is by far my Fav AC Villian To date, my main issues lies in the FreeRunning wich felt more sluggish and unresponsive compared to Unity , ill be enjoying in the Jack the Ripper DLC next and will update when i get done

Jack the Ripper was one of the Best DLCs ive Played Short but Brutal, the Jack Segments was my Fav parts being able to go through and "Rip" people in a way that fits the legend of Jack, the Story was Enjoyable with many Familiur Faces, but lack of the truely grusome scenes of the legendary Murders was abit of a annoyance since i was expecting the historical Depictions in Photos to be in game but alas no gore but they got it down it is worth every penny
 

Wraak Veldheer
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2021
funny man climb
 

jezzd1h
47 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2020
cool gameplay, the gamplay never make you boring. It is so much fun. the story it is really long and i like it. but the the narrative it is so boring and didn't have massive story mission.
 

Julius Pedro Tedjo
70 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2020
tea n crumpets
 

Psychopomp
42 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
82.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2020
Despite my initial grievances with the grappling hook to parkour across streets, the environment encourages its use through wide streets and large gaps between boat masts and building towers. I would consider the game a slight step down from Unity, but the characters are engaging and overall the game still captures the blend of history and fiction. The music in this game is amazing, which surprised me as I never found music to be a notable strength of the AC series. Advanced parkour mechanics from Unity are refined which is the best parkour mechanics in the series imo. Overall, I'd give it an 8/10, but I absolutely love the series until Odyssey so my review might be a little biased in favor of the game.

EDIT:
Having now completely 100% sync the main game I will say that this game sucks for completionists. Side characters such as Darwin and Dickens are great characters that should be more involved in the main campaign. But almost all associate activities are forgettable. The Duleep-signh activities are riddled with multiple breaking bugs i.e. quests completing before characters finish talking, getting GER'd into an infinite death loop until a reddit forum from 5 years ago told me how to exit this game breaking bug.

TLDR:
For a casual assassin's creed fan who enjoys the stories and characters this will be a great game. For a completionist that fights for every achievement and quest, this game will make you suffer more than any of the previous titles, it is just too oversaturated with mediocrity and grind.
 

WokeCookie
167 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.4 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2020
Epic.
 

Andrzej | Simplicity
166 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: 1 December, 2020
Awsome Game
 

𝑀𝓎𝓈𝓉𝑒𝓇𝒾𝑒
33 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2020
outstanding game
 

Hamza hellcase.org
146 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: 15 November, 2020
sick game but so unoptomised makes it annoying to play
 

balls
142 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
56.6 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2020
It was okay... would only get on sale and wouldnt say the season pass is worth it, if youre even slightly good at the game then the combat is very easy and can get a bit tedious. Quests are pretty repetitive and the story is rather uninspired but if you wanna kill some time running around brain dead tasks then this is okay for it. 6/10
 

Dr.Axxy
151 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.7 hrs on record
Posted: 10 November, 2020
Only worth it if it's on sale. And there are far better games in the franchise, this one feels a bit repetitive.
 

UnabatedToast
129 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.2 hrs on record
Posted: 31 October, 2020
Interesting to have 2 characters this time. Siblings, too. Pretty standard Assassin's Creed though, with a touch of the age of industry. 6/10
 

Foursworn
226 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 October, 2020
The first Assassin's Creed game where stabbing people is a normal thing to do. 9/10
 

JulesOnDrugs
30 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 October, 2020
ye, very fun. I like it.
 

kwangbae
46 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: 21 October, 2020
h
 

riverzz
27 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: 18 October, 2020
Game crashing and auto closing down after every cut scene, very annoying.
 

VaLe
45 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 September, 2020
Would have been 10x better if Jacob just said "Nah fam I ain’t no chav init, look at my north face jacket bruv." and ate the apple.

6/10
 

Timbits
150 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 August, 2020
combat is great so far (much better than unity) and it is an overall enjoyable experience control wise
 

jderm10
109 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: 20 October, 2020
Its a good game except for the crashing after cutscenes. I've figured out how to fix it after a bit of digging though, this may come in handy for anyone looking how to fix the game. When you get the game and install uplay go into the uplay settings and set it to have it launch in offline mode everytime you start it, I'm not sure if this will work for everyone but it worked for me so hey why not
 

naveiscringe
147 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: 19 October, 2020
Yet another game from Ubisoft that is plagued with bugs. Almost five years have passed since this installment was released and yet still has bugs that are nearly game breaking. I can't help but feel that it's a disturbing joke about who can make the title for most/worst programming errors between Ubisoft and Bethesda.

This just works out to be a sober reminder to never purchase any titles from them that aren't heavily discounted. Don't spend any money greater than what you would be willing to lose gambling/betting.
 

UnknownSoldier
267 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: 31 July, 2020
Good story, some issues with xbox 360 controller while playing pc, stuck in run mode.
 

-=*DARK STAR*=-☠¤®
31 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.5 hrs on record
Posted: 30 July, 2020
i love every second
 

collinspaul518
6 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 July, 2020
Guud
 

ChAoSvNm
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
98.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 July, 2020
One of the best Assassins Creed's yet!

Hours of enjoyment!
 

jmj0x56
55 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.5 hrs on record
Posted: 12 July, 2020
it's pretty fun
 

migopod1
93 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.8 hrs on record
Posted: 25 July, 2020
Pros
- Amazing Graphics
- The facts, histories and the good view of the London
- New items: Grappling hook and throwing knife
- The combat and item upgrades
- The real Assassin's Creed game that has no naval ship battles in the whole game

Cons
- A lot of bugs encountered
- The story is not quite interesting than the previous games
- The story line is quite a bit short
- Other side quests are not also interesting
- The fighting mechanics is good or bad, still prefer the AC3 mechanics

The AC Syndicate's story is kind a boring and nothing memorable. It's like the creators set the Assassins as the good people and the Templars are bad people with nothing deep reason why they turned. Comparing this to AC3 story line and its side quest is far more interesting as you will know the real purpose of the Templars. What really interesting on this game is the future events after the World War 1 in London and the aftermath of the Frye twins.

Also, the long gameplay of this game might get you bored and not quite enjoyable. Compared to AC3 gameplay on side quest and forest biomes.

I'll rate this game of 7/10 and better to buy this game at below 50% discounted price.
 

Puff Mama Chili?
35 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
121.8 hrs on record
Posted: 24 July, 2020
This game is a massive improvement over unity

+ Having started playing this game the day after I finished Unity, this game craps all over Unity from the very first few minutes of play and shows up Unity for the massive turd that it is.
+ The parkour is better, much smoother. Small movements are possible again to edge into position. Your character will not jump up even on low crates unless you press the parkour up button.
+ The main characters have much more personality. The Frye twins play off each other brilliantly. In general, the writing is much better.
+ Proper side characters are back. Say hello to people like Charles Darwin and Charles Dickens.
+ As someone who lives close to London, it feels like a very believable rendition of London in the 19th century.
+ This is the closest Assassin's Creed ever gets to the brilliant AC2 trilogy. Not that I don't like the subsequent games (in fact I love Origins), but they take a different path. Syndicate is the closest feeling of fun you get from the AC2 trilogy.

= I'm not a big fan of the weapon and armour system in Syndicate (which is an extension of Unity's). It feels in between the more or less straight "worst to best" systems in the older games and the more full-on RPG system in later games, but the worst of both worlds. It feels limiting. However, it's a relatively minor gripe in the context of some of the worst element of the last few games in the series (like the awful parkour in the previous few games.

- Can't really think of any outright negatives to be honest, Syndicate is one of the best games in the AC series.
 

Timmotastic
424 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2020
Most Underrated Assassins Creed Game
 

AmberHeardsPoo
161 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2020
i've been a fan of the franchise since the first one, played all the games up until black flag. Just recently found the time to continue playing the series and found it ever changing and ever entertaining. great time.
 

e4lukman
69 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
60.2 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2020
To begin with this review I must say that I've never been attracted to XIX century nor London. I really liked AC Unity (I played it in 2019, so almost no bugs) and I didn't have many expectations about this game because of what I said above. But from the start, I've been really really hooked on this game and I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!.

I think the presentation of the story is marvelous, a few sequences to get how to control the characters and then boom, London! You can do whatever you want there. Personally, I liberated most of the city on sequence 4, and then Westminster on sequence 5 because of a necessary upgrade to achieve 100% on that mission. The story focus on one or two targets every sequence, which every one has its own perks to assassinate. I loved getting the unique kill opportunities. Also, the secondary objectives are really achievable. To me, that's positive, because it means I wouldn't get frustrated at every mission lol.

You also control 2 characters , and they have their own missions. I love them both, I feel they are very charismatic in their own way, and I like their story though the game. Jacob is more carefree and decides to liberate London while Evie is more thoughtful and decides to look for the piece of Eden there in London. I know some people have complained about the leveling system, but I think it's pretty good, I was at level 10 really early on the story and if you do every mission, you'll most likely get to level 10 very fast.

The only negative thing I've encountered is that I can't get into the cooperative missions, or whatever they are called, it always displayed an error message.

Overall, this game is sooo good in my opinion. I had low expectations because "meh, London", but I'm so in love with the city and the story that now I'm really curious and willing to travel there one day!
 

頂きマサチューセッツ
181 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.0 hrs on record
Posted: 14 June, 2020
Its beautiful and fun. Gets more hate than it deserves imo.
 

Zizikima
74 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: 31 May, 2020
yes I enjoy
 

Rynmi
62 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May, 2020
hehe ass
 

hawki
155 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May, 2020
WELL!! I am going to keep it short. This is the perhaps the last AC game that actually felt like an Assassin's Creed game.
 

amitkirandasgupta
28 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: 9 May, 2020
Really cool storyline, and I enjoyed the gameplay and mechanics more than previous AC games.
 

SirVival
21 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
106.4 hrs on record
Posted: 7 May, 2020
You kill people.
Is gud.
 

Mentlegen
25 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: 7 May, 2020
Love it, one of my favorite AC games in the series
 

Oracleabsentia
10 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
80.9 hrs on record
Posted: 6 May, 2020
last true assassins creed game. evie is the better twin. jack the ripper was the best dlc.
 

boi
205 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.5 hrs on record
Posted: 12 May, 2020
Last good AC game imo. Origins was okay. Odyssey is barely even an AC game. Buy this game if you like to be sneaky beaky like and enjoy the occasional hilarious glitch. (My personal favourite is the horse drawn carriages freaking out à la skyrim)

EDIT: I've played all of the mainline games up to Syndicate on console so thats why I have little to no playtime on previous titles (minus black flag cause that game is a masterpiece)

EDIT 2 (18/12/2020): I can safely say that Assassin's Creed Valhalla is great and way better than this game.
 

【﻿ＳＯＲＲＯＷ】
233 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.5 hrs on record
Posted: 8 May, 2020
Not my favorite addition to the series, but it's a very visually stunning game and has a pretty decent storyline. The side objectives are usually interesting and kept me entertained after the main story's completion, and the collectibles aren't so numerous or hidden that they're annoying to hunt down. The audio is beautiful, the soundtrack is definitely one of my favorites in the AC series, and overall I had a good experience playing through this. I've gone through the story three times (once on PC, twice on Xbox), and I've yet to encounter any major glitches or bugs within the game. There are minor issues like carriages or people spawning in out of nowhere, but it's a big game and not everything can be perfect all the time. Overall, it's a good game if you enjoyed Unity's mechanics but wanted more stabilized controls, and if you liked keeping up with the general Assassin's Creed feel in games.
 

RegurgitationStation
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: 5 May, 2020
nice
 

Biggus Dickus
110 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: 19 March, 2020
Nice game, has an interesting story mode , also the graphics and England's architecture was beautifully portrayed.
 

Lord Nemesis
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: 13 April, 2020
Was pleasantly surprised about this game. After completing Unity I was expecting another rushed dumpster fire but found this game had refined on what was bad of the previous game and build on it. The gameplay felt slightly different from all of the games before Syndicate and enjoyed it very much. The setting of London was done very well and felt like a city come to life, something I've always enjoyed in AC games. However after about hour 20 of cleaning up boroughs and picking up collectibles the games repetition started to sink which is the series' greatest flaw. You can see the start of what Origins become in this game and I welcome the changes that Ubisoft is bringing to the series. I hope they continue to change the game in ways that keep the players wanting to come back for more, not leave because it's the same game reskinned over and over.
 

The Incredible True Ackbar
847 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 February, 2020
pretty good graphics but some glitches still but still a great game i would reccomend it for sure
 

Curry
82 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 February, 2020
The main story was awesome and funny,but the DLC(Jack the Ripper) it was boring af.
 

-XeVoN-
424 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.3 hrs on record
Posted: 24 December, 2019
Aside from the bugs and glitches, this game is actually rather enjoyable. It was very polarising upon release as fans of the franchise either loved it or hated it, but me personally, I liked it.
 

Big Mac
138 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2019
One of the best AC
 

御水术
117 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.7 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2019
Still awesome
 

Raijin
19 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.1 hrs on record
Posted: 31 March, 2020
Overall, return to form for the AC franchise. It's very reminiscent of my experience with 2 or Brotherhood the first time around. Some of the characters are a little forgettable, but the Frye twins and a couple supporting NPCs are all I've needed to make it a generally enjoyable experience. Locomotion and separate character optimization between the two protagonists have elevated the game and allowed multiple play types depending on mission type (minus a few PC-specific missions).
 

EntropyBear
190 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.9 hrs on record
Posted: 16 March, 2020
The game has to be played, I honesty grew attached to Jacob and Evie after playing the entire Campaign and the DLC's. The game itself stands out from the previous Assassin's Creed games because it introduces close combat and eliminates any swords.

A lot of people complained that Syndicate does not feel like previous Assassin's Creed because they introduced the Grappling Hook which made climbing so much more easier and rooftops are so much efficiently climbed. I honestly didn't think I will like it, but taking into consideration the setting and the period the game happened I honestly loved it.

The attention to details in buildings is just amazing. I got to visit London once more in a video game and that was amazing. I honestly thought I will be having the entire map, but it only contained the centralized areas and it was rich and amazing in history. I loved it.

Now the story was different from previous ones, the focus was not as much as before from both characters on the Items of Eden, only Evie that focused on them, but it had some really fun and interesting missions with Jacob. Not many like him because he was so careless, but that's what really made me love him a lot. He was silly and full of himself but was damn good at it.

The DLC, Jack The Ripper was just as amazing and I wish I was able to play with Jacob more on it or at least have a separate DLC where you play as him. Was a nice story and left me a bit confused and I honestly recommend playing that one too, to close the game.

Overall I'd score this game at: 8/10

It's my personal opinion and I stand firm to it that it was an enjoyable game worth playing. Huge fan of the AC franchise players will enjoy this as much as I do.
 

Vasharal
1,102 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: 2 August, 2019
Really great game ,easy control, great story and gameplay.
 

챙 Valentine
63 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
79.8 hrs on record
Posted: 6 July, 2019
best game ever
 

A1H1
235 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.2 hrs on record
Posted: 1 July, 2019
Its a better version in gameplay than AC Unity, but, no coop, its just focusing on the AC storyline.
 

_prophet_
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: 8 March, 2019
i like it a lot
 

LaBOMBA^v^
81 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2018
AC里很好的一作了
 

Merakian
83 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2019
While it is fun to play, it has a bad habit of randomly crashing back to desktop, but I have found that uninstalling, and reinstalling has fixed my issues. I greatly enjoy this game, and its storyline is fun and while a little quick, still engaging. I haven't really had any issues past the crashing, which was resolved.
 

Sphinxthedreamer
64 products in account
13
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.1 hrs on record
Posted: 1 August, 2019
If you are a fan of AC series, you should play this. Impressive gameplay and story line after AC Brotherhood. You will get to meet and work for visionaries like Karl Marx, Charles dickens, Charles Darwin and The queen of england herself!
 

Wojtek -iwnl-
43 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: 6 March, 2019
This game gave me the 2nd best experience of all AC games! The best experience was abviosly Ezio's Trilogy.
I really enjoyed those comic moments, great details, story line and telling is interesting as well. Characters are awesome!

GOOD!!!

SADLY THERE WEREN'T ANY MORE SEQUELS AFTER THIS GAME FOR AC TRILOGY :(
ps, Origins and Odyssey don't count, because they are + - a fighting game, if they wont have the title they would be recognised completly different!
 

Rupro
73 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
219.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2019
Previously Played Assassin Creed's 2, Brotherhood (loved em) and 3 (greatly disliked and made me write off the series). Decided to give this game a try and am rather pleased. The 2 characters is an interesting touch and the way they play off each other in the story is rather entertaining unlike Connor from AC3. So far so good and I am yet to really experience any of the buggyness I have seen in some YouTube videos.
 

Bosko D. Coltrane
32 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 October, 2018
Product received for free

Product refunded

A great improvement coming from AC: Unity when it comes to gameplay. It feels way smoother and much more polished than its predecessor. Now, the story is not good at all, which Is not entirely bad If you are looking to have a great time jumping around buildings. As AC: Unity the world feels extremely detailed. I love how they managed to capture the London vibes and how they have managed to map every single detail into historical buildings such as the parliament, the cathedrals or even the banks. Not only they were phenomenally captured but the game proceeds to teach you a little bit of their history. Overall, *great setting, great gameplay, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story.*
 

Nicosz™
441 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
80.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 September, 2018
its good
 

Flightless Fish
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: 10 July, 2018
Amazing graphics....Astonishing detailed environment.....must play.....though repetitive storyline
 

~...GHO$T...~
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.1 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2017
I thought this game was actually really good, despite the critisism, and that it is a great game to start with in the franchise.
 

LucasG
59 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2017
Such great much wow!
 

Invest
1,015 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.5 hrs on record
Posted: 11 July, 2017
After AC:Rogue I thought I was done with the format, Syndicate proved me wrong, I do love this game... also Evie Kreygasm
 

LewisGraham
197 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: 28 May, 2018
Very good game if you're into slow pased games. But if your into fast paced and constant action like me this is not the game for you. Unless you want to try some thing new this is very good! This good is very good but I'm not. xd
 

Ezee
64 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: 9 April, 2018
A lot of fun, and well worth getting hold of if you can get it on a deal.

This game has the usual Ubisoft world issues in that once you've done one mission, you've pretty much done them all. It became a case of finding the cleverest and most dastardly ways of beating each mission for me, and I had a lot of fun.

The London they have created is fantastic, a nice little taste of the Victorian era of Dickens and Co. Of course the story is ok, the actors are fine, and some of the characters are very smartly represented. In this game you can skip between two playable characters with their own unique skills, which adds something new to the mix.

I recommend it. Just don't expect anything unique.
 

Kieran
702 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.0 hrs on record
Posted: 13 July, 2017
Victorian London is indeed on of my favorite settings for AC. Overall the game is good and the story is really interesting especially how it incorporates the Industrial Revolution concept into gameplay!

What is also interesting for this installment of AC is the gang mechanics. I really enjoy conquering areas in London which gangs are holding. Also the grapling hook is really very handy and how you use the environment in gameplay is also one good aspect.

Combat is good but kinda repetitive and combos are the same when you try to observe thoroughly.

Would really recommend this game out! Congrats to the developers of this game! Really enjoyed it
 

Awujuuu
73 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: 23 September, 2017
This isn't the game of the century. It's fun in its own way and is challenging in some mission and for once you actually have to be creative and use your own brain. However the story is lacking and the dialogue is not that impressive even though the idea of a tiwn assasins is simply brilliant. I would recommend buying this game while its on sale. However I have to mention the graphics, which is just stunning. My labtop isn't a exaclty a beast and still the game looked amazing. I would imagine the game would look very good on a high end PC.
 

Ghost of Olympus
60 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.4 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2017
I should have written this review a long time ago. I finished this on PS4 console, then I bought it here just to play it again.

Best installment of the game as of this time. If you like Assasin's Creed, you will definitely like this.
 

TikMan69
108 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.2 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2017
+Good storyline
+Memorable characters
+The whole Gang thing is a cool addition to AC
+Best side-quests so far in the whole AC series
+No MP so ubi can focus on SP
+Improved free-running system
+Amazing graphics and special effects
+Lots of customizations
+Two playable characters
+Good PC port and less bugs as the Unity port was sh!t
+ (**SPOILER**)
+The unique assassinations are worth considering to activate () (**SPOILER**)
+Jack the Ripper DLC
+Historical figures
+Steam trains to represent the Industrial Revolution era

-Most of the DLCs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and some of the DLC quests even have no sound
-Zipline is cool but it kinda ruins the free-run experience
-Short main story compared to other AC games (only 9 sequences)
-Helix credits is basically cheating
-No feature to put on hood while walking
-Too easy to make money in-game
-Some Gang upgrades are too overpowered
-Not much special rewards after beating the game

8/10 Syndicate is one of the best Assassin's Creed games out there, definitely give it a try
 

DAT Noob
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
47.0 hrs on record
Posted: 5 February, 2017
Combat feels whack including animations
Boring Story with nearly nothing memorable
Meh Main characters
Grappling hook in 18th Century felt really out of place
Boring City

Game is a meh




YouTube™ Video: Assassin's Creed Syndicate Flawless Combat & Free Roam Ultra Gtx 980 
Views: 322,246
Assassin's Creed Syndicate playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list... Assassin's Creed Syndicate is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Quebec and...
 

Koseman
67 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
147.1 hrs on record
Posted: 8 June, 2017
Meh story but it has some gooda gameplay mate
 

Dupes
60 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.6 hrs on record
Posted: 21 April, 2017
Nice one, only the plot just a lil bit....lame. Beside that is excellent
 

Maj. Issue
359 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
86.1 hrs on record
Posted: 4 February, 2017
great game i'd love to spent my days off to playing this!
 

Hoshiyume
41 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 January, 2017
Combo system is funny
 

Witcher_who
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: 26 December, 2016
I just can not feel the game here, dont like the time it is in.Don't like the main characters.
 

Digibluez
1,295 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.5 hrs on record
Posted: 5 July, 2017
At least this one is old good fashioned Assassins Creed! Play how assassins creeds were meant to play! And most important, it includes the old jokes that AC series used to have ;)

This game also includes bonus feature! It'll take care that you don't play too long! [Crashes in cutscenes] (PS. you can avoid most of this by disabling UPlay from the internet)
 

Noby
326 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.0 hrs on record
Posted: 31 January, 2017
Syndicate doesn't have the depth of Black Flags. But they nailed the engine. Stealth, combat, parkour, and stealth mechanics all took a radical jump forward. I love the protaganists, the story, and the setting. One of the best in the AC series. One of the best stealth based games around.
 

kehatch
181 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2016
Product refunded

Can't even play this *crap* for 5 minutes without getting a crash saying "ACS.exe has stopped working".
Sometimes it kills the Pc right to a bluescreen, never saw those in Win10 before...
 

Aikon
97 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
73.5 hrs on record
Posted: 24 November, 2016
Great story, incredible setting and beautiful everything, bye.
 

Seonghwa's Pinky
31 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2016
good game
 

КОСМИЧЕСКАЯ SUKA
27 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.2 hrs on record
Posted: 18 April, 2016
Pretty good game. Considerably better than Unity. However, it kinda gets boring after you finish the main story unless you are going after the side quests and the collectables
 

ValtyreZ
46 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
128.4 hrs on record
Posted: 30 September, 2016
As far as mechanics go, it's not very realistic, but boy is it fun and EASY to move around. I really enjoyed the storyline. Jacob and Evie and my two favorite assassins behind Altair. They're fun, they joke with each other, but they're also badass and get things done. This game is probably one of the best AC games yet, and I'm sooo excited to see another. I've been following the series since the first game. I REALLY want to see the next games similar to this one. The graphics ARE SO AMAZING. Unfortunately my computer can't handle ultra graphics, but even on high graphics, I'm blown away.
 

leaf.reefer
30 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.3 hrs on record
Posted: 20 July, 2016
This is one of the best AC from this last years. The story is awesome and the fact that you have 2 playable character with different sets of abilities is never going to make feel like the gameplay is repetitive.
Glad i bought this AC since im a huge fan of the series and was kind of disapointed at AC 3. I also really recommend the DLC Jack the Ripper.

9/10- Fantastic.
 

DefiledCorpse
4,468 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
148.6 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2016
The story bit weak. I like the characters (Jacob and Evie). Its like unity but way better optimization and way way way way way better combat system. You can switch from Jacob(Expert in combat) and Evie(Expert in stealth). If you're an AC series fan, get this with no doubt.
 

GentleGeorge
367 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 May, 2016
I loved this game. This is my first Assassin's Creed game so I didn't have experience coming into it from previous games. The game play overall was really interesting. It was fun to pick skills and such though it was a little disappointing that by the end I had gotten all the skills for Evie and Jacob. However, the various mini-games were fun diversions and especially liked the Fight Club. Other notable things were encountering some fun characters from history, HQ on a train and the immense feel of London.

Where the love came was from Evie. I thought she was really well written and definately the most interesting character between the twins. I really enjoyed the interactions between the two but Evie seemed so much more interesting and fleshed out.

I didn't find the controls as game breaking so a bit sluggish here and there. Not saying it was perfect but well recommended. In fact, it got me interested in the AC franchise.
 

Psywarrior
402 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.5 hrs on record
Posted: 10 May, 2016
Awesome game returning the franchise to its former glory, Brits do it again. Fell in love with the characters.
Awesome story and the dlc are worth it.

Nice graphics and love it.

Only downisde is that the cockney rhyming slang comes with translation so them non-londoners can understand whats goin' on half the time,

Overall though, the story is awesome and the game is beautiful. The characters are captured perfectly and the famous people from the Victorian era are captured in such a way that you are 100% emersed in the game.

The Best History Lesson Ever!
 

Floomph
336 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
112.0 hrs on record
Posted: 18 April, 2016
AC Syndicate is my new favorite Assassin's Creed game. I love the new(ish) climbing system with fast run down and combined with the grapple it makes it easy to parkour around London in 1868. The graphics looks nice and game runs fine. The real time story is also very intriguing
 

Redna
386 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: 10 April, 2016
I had trouble setting this game up as it just seems to keep crashing but i played this game on my friends pc and its not the best of assassins creed game but worth buying as it is a good game the graphics are great and a great story
 

2eZ | Vegus
141 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
58.9 hrs on record
Posted: 29 March, 2016
Terribly optimised to the point of being unplayable. Don't buy this unfinished game.
 

porkrill
155 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: 24 March, 2016
Game won't launch unless installed on C drive. Some people recommend moving the sounds files and then setting up a junction but this wouldn't work for me.
 

Wazzock
295 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.9 hrs on record
Posted: 11 January, 2016
In my opinon, Syndicate is easily one of the best games in the entire series.
 

Ornlu2
252 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 April, 2016
the game never opened at all spent 30 bucks on it.Assasin creed unity was terrible and i thought this would revive the deris and the game never opend and i never got to play it do not buy it at all and ive waited two weeks for a refund
 

savage_dude_35
33 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 March, 2016
I haven't played much of this game, but here is my review. This is a third person assassin game. I really like this game and I am just starting it! The combat system is great! The controls are a bit complicated but understandable. Overall this game is really good and I would recommend it to people who like action and/or Fps games. It has great parkour. I would rate 10/10. "What was that explosion?" he says. "What explosion?" She says. funny lines and a great game!
 

Galactic Ambience
188 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: 29 March, 2016
So i have played the early Assassin's Creed games (1, 2, brotherhood). I bought Revelations and barely played it because i just found the game was boring. Assassin's Creed Syndicate is good. The setting is amazing, the graphics are amazing and the characters are pretty good to. The game is packed full of stuff to collect and do. It is almost impossible to walk five metres without going "Oohh what is that there!" The only real downside i have is that the game is demanding on hardware, but the graphics appear to mostly justify the performance.
Overall, a good game to buy if you stopped playing Assassin's Creed but feel like coming back to the series or want to give the series a go if you have not played it before.
 

TheSkulled
208 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: 25 March, 2016
Product refunded

this game was unplayable. The lag or lack or movement was the least of my worries. The enviroment was malformed and glitchy, the walls were melting and the shadows twitched worse than an epileptics nightmare. this game is broken. I have already requested a refund. play time, 18 minutes before i quit.
 

ShadowHedgehog
420 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 March, 2016
The good: decent PC performance (unlike Unity), great visuals and artwork, fun story and side missions, two very likeable playable characters. New GTA-like carriage gameplay, if you're into that sort of thing.

The bad: Just about everything that's been wrong with AC since forever. Clunky combat, TONS of busywork and collect-a-thons, same models for just about every NPC you find, boring and obnoxious escort and follow missions.

Still the most enjoyable AC game since Black Flag. Get it on sale.
 

Clauricaune
689 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 January, 2016
I may write a longer review later, but for now it's sufficient to say Syndicate is a good Assassin's Creed game. However, it's still the *9th* major entry in the series and not going to revitilize your interest in the series if you're burnt out on its mechanics.

Having skipped both Unity and Rogue, I felt I could play at least one more and I'm not regretting that decision, but nothing about it wows me. It's simply a competent "one of those games". So if you're up for another AC game, go for it; otherwise, skip it.
 

Sweetz
391 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 January, 2016
This is one of the best assassin's creed games out there for sure!
After the dissapointment from ac unity this game has everything!You can even race with carriages
After you finish the great story you can conquer all London!This game is sick for the type of gamers that like stealth
It has some other awesome stuff too
you can put the outfit of Ezio on your character
and if you have the Master assassin badge you can put the outfit of edward too!!!!
you can find many secrets on the map and you will get cool stuff pls buy this game and try it!!!
 

ALPHAMALE
64 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.3 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2016
After the unoptimized mess that was Unity, AC Syndicate really is a breath of fresh air. Interesting, likable protagonists, an intriguing story and fun stealth and melee gameplay make for a game you will be happy to come back to over and over again. Highly recommended for any fan of AC.


Besides the positivity from other users on the performance, i feel like this game is an improvement from past Assassins Creeds.

The combat is so much faster than Unity and just feels better, fighting tough enemies can make fight repetitives as you have to hit them alot, but besides that is overall a good fighting system.

Im very impressed with the music, it makes the game feel even better and just fits in.

Playing as Jacob im absolutely loving the dialogue. He has something appealing that i didnt feel in Arno and is overall a great character. I see him as a pretty funny idiot.


This is my opinion based on the first 7 hours of the game.
 

N I K O
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2016
Ubisoft did a pretty good job after that disasterous Unity pile of poo. This game is the new coming of mighty Assasins Creed series and its well made and fun so far. Thing worth to mention is that game is very very demanding especially if you want to play it on solid 60fps. I have GTX 980Ti GPU and Intel Xeon e3 1231V3 CPU and i can manage very solid +60fps with good quality eye candy but people with lower powered gear should consider twice if solid 60fps is their goal with decent looking game. I really recommend this game since it has great and interesting story with good game mechanics and glorious graphics plus that semi-well done optimization. Its on sale now and if you were Assasins Creed fan like me before the Unity, you are definately going to enjoy this one like good ol AC games in the past.

9/10 would buy this again even at full price. (got mine on Holiday Sale)

 

UnRipped
93 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January, 2016
Like the actual 19th-London, only the streets are cleaner and people aren't that hammered.
 

Kreiselheisl
280 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.3 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2016
Good.
 

Dylan
41 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.4 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2016
Great addition to the franchise very fun good story huge open world lots ppl on the streets tons of things to do side missions collectable things of you liked any other one this is a great one to buy also
 

Kilaz
222 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2016
I liked this idea of chosen between two characters and the city is so perfect!
One of the first times I play Assassins Creed and I'm loving!
 

Nosgoth
155 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.4 hrs on record
Posted: 31 December, 2015
Makes it look like every other Assassin's Creed game was just a demo version of the series. Not bad. They still could do better though.
 

ɱȝ
527 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
154.5 hrs on record
Posted: 13 December, 2015
jacob and evie are like dipper and mabel with hood and stuff
 

jeglegator
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2015
Oh well atleast this game have something to remember it's not just another assassin creed
look like ubisoft had big learn from unity, unity is bore as hell but now there know what is prominent point in london 186x and dynamic it to gameplay mechenic train, mechenic boat and mafia system i know it's not fresh like there did with black flag but i'm still enjoyable.
 

If My🅿🅾cketH🅰dMoney🐸
661 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
83.8 hrs on record
Posted: 12 December, 2015
Assassins Creed: Syndicate is by far my favourite game in the series.
This review is from the perspective of an avid AC fan.
GPU: GTX 970, CPU: i7-4790, RAM: 16GB
Current Playtime: 54 Hours

As much as I dislike Ubisoft's decision to publish a new AC game every year, this one in particular really shines as the best in a long time. The Victorian London setting brings a certain degree of comedy and sarcasm to each of the characters featured in the story. In turn this makes for an entertaining experience and leaves you begging for more.

The two new Assassins fit the game perfectly and are certainly inline with the likes of Ezio and the Kenways. The brother and sister relationship between the two make for great banter and bring variaty to the gameplay. Although at times it can feel like Jacob is the prefered Assassin in the story. Both are badass and deserve another game.

The game runs smoothly at a constant 60fps (that is with most 'Nvidea Gameworks' features disabled) and certainly outshines the performance of Unity. There are minor bugs here are there, but nothing to distract from the game world. To put it best, it's The Animus. It's not perfect by any means, however that's simply AC for you.

Ubisoft are taking a step in the right direction but it is another AC game. If that's what you're after, you'll love it as I have done. If you're looking for something different you may be a tad dissapointed (although London does offer it's own unique experience). I really hope that this amazing game isn't outshadowed by the shaky release of the previous game, Unity.

Pros:
- Victorian London (Vast open city with great detail)
- Interesting Combat (Fist to Fist, Kuncle Dusters, Canes)
- Playable Assassins (Jacob and Evie Frye)
- Interesting use of London (Queen Victoria, Charles Darwin, Charles Dickens, Sherlock Holmes Outfit, Jack the Ripper)
- Collectables (Secrets of London are fun to find via Database Images)
- Villans are truly British.. I mean... Evil

Cons:
- Minor Bugs
- Clothing Physics (30 fps)
- Too Easy (For an experienced AC player)
- No Multiplayer


UPDATE: The Jack The Ripper DLC is really something amazing. However there does seem to be a large number of performance issues around it, which is a massive shame.
 

Snowy
270 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: 8 December, 2015
(Computer Specs)
Processor: AMD FX(tm)-4130 Quad-Core Processor
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660
Memory: 8.2 GB
Operating System: Microsoft Windows 10

Graphics	Very nice my setup can only get medium quality with no frame loss.
Story	Smooth transition between story and gameplay sequences
Difficulty	Easier than the past, annoying mission types like easedropping and the combat has been simplified
Gameplay	Atmospheric London setting, Gangland activities grow repetitive,
Voice Acting	Accents never really bothered me to the point I'd think it's gamebreaking
Customization	You can get costumes from past games like Edwards assassin outfit among others.
Music	set the atmosphere with mystery and excitement
Mods	Since there isn't any official modding support, it seems that nobody puts the effort into it.
 

best matty
309 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
101.2 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2015
well..its impressive.
 

Markynz
23 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
142.9 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
Not very nice!

Game is good,settings is ok but only the problem is my displaycard is gtx950m and i can't use nvidia shadowplay to record game!

Hope steam will fix it!
 

jaegerinparadis
36 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Flippin awesome , runs smoothly , i love the combat and soryline of those evil twins . WAY WAY better then Unity :)
 

Mooncake
299 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.2 hrs on record
Posted: 8 December, 2015
ภาคต่อของเกมโคตรตำนาน ภาคนี้พอร์ทจากConsole มาดีขึ้น แต่ก็ยังมีอาการForce Close บ่อยๆ เวลาSkip cutscene
การต่อสู้ลื่นไหล ระบบควบคุมงงๆนิดหน่อยเพราะว่ายังไม่ได้เล่นภาคUnityเลย (ตอนFree run up , Free run down ค่อนข้างสับสน)
ระบบเติมเงินในเกม เอามาทำไมก็ไม่รู้ 5555555555
รู้สึกเสียดายไม่มีMultiplayer เล่นไปสักพักก็อาจจะเริ่มเบื่อบ้างเพราะว่าต้องไล่เก็บหัวหน้าเเก็งเเต่ละเเก็ง เควสมันก็จะวนๆ ลักพาตัว ปล่อยเด็กบลาๆ

Story 8.5/10
Graphic 10/10
 

[C]hosen One
387 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.0 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2015
The game itself is fun, and a definite improvement over Unity in many ways - with the exception of some facial animations and lighting. The game itself runs fine: I get around 40 - 60 FPS in the open world (with no stuttering) on the high preset on an R9 280X, which is decent (could be better mind you, but I've played worse). There are some drawbacks, however: graphics settings are pretty limited (e.g. no anisotropic filtering, anti-aliasing is limited to nasty FXAA and MSAA combinations, can't turn off any of the post-process stuff), special/Gameworks graphics settings are nearly broken on Radeon (and apparently some Nvidia) cards and some cloth physics are limited to 30 FPS, which sounds anal as hell but you'll know exactly what I mean when you play it. But, overall, this is a solid port.
 

TommyG
76 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: 1 December, 2015
So much fun and helped me to learn more about history, from all the series that involved some historical event teached me more about history (Help me get a better garde in Social Studies, not really lol). One time accidently walked in to the level 5 area and I'm only level 3 and assassinated templar level 5 O.O , seriously just do the combo perfectly and you can beat anyone in the game lol, but if you get hit by an enemy that is 2-3 level higher than you, say goodbye to your life lol. ___And also, I nearly forgot to tell you that I test this game on core i3 laptop with nvidia gtx 660, I can run it perfectly fine, but experiencing some lags during the game. If you are true fan of this game and have low spec laptop like me, buy it if you can bare with the lags (most of the time cutscene will lags if you are using low spec laptop+walking is already lag =.=), (I'm not recommended to plsy on a laptop that had lower spec than mine, woops forgot to tell that my ram is 12gb, hope you read all my comment first before you buy the game or you may regret of too much lags (NOTE: If your laptop is high spec just ignored what I said sentences ago.) Hoped you enjoy the game. :D ____waait... forgot to tell you that I play on new pc lol... (nvm)... :D
 

Ted
60 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.9 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
My Lenovo laptop can run it with "high(medium texture quality)" graphic quality over 40 fps. Much more better than ACU. More fighting actions added, and more "beat up" skills. It is not hard for you to gather money, it is rewarded after every single mission with xps to upgrade skills. It is great to play as the leader of the gang "Rooks". You have members nearly everywhere. Got so much to say after 8 hrs of gaming. I LOVE LONDON!
 

Baka伊本本
528 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.1 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
Good game. I like the story line so far, and i can say for sure that this is one of those storylines where you care about the main characters. So far i am not too happy about the combat system, but that is more like a personal opinion. Personally i prefer the old combat system, where everything was a little bit ''easier''. Syndicate takes Assasins creed to the next level, because the choices you make in combat does matter, and you can indeed end up dead if you choose wrong.

The Graphics are ok. Just like any other assasins creed game, i dont really see a big difference in graphics, but hey, that might just be me being stupid. My game did also end up crashing 1 minute into the game, but it did not happen again. Maybe this just had something to do with the launch. I am also getting a lot of loading lag spikes whilst driving a carriage, but i dont really prefer the carriage so it does not matter to me.

I will for sure finish the campaign and try to master the combat system so i can have some fun, but i dont see myself playing a lot of hours after the main story.

So as an assasins creed fan, is it worth buying?
Yes it is. You can for sure get a lot of hours of fun gameplay and interesting Main quests.

So is it worth getting today? Should i pay the full price?
I would say no. The game has some stuff that i simply not prefer and do not like compared to other assasins creed games. I suggest looking up some gameplay and story on youtube before buying the game for its full price.
 

Bolla <3
124 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
51.5 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
highly reccomended, a great ac game that should be played. the game works great on r9 290 and gtx 970, the port is great. and the game itself is much better then unity (both game wise and technical wise), the game doesnt take itself too seriously like black flag which is great and the graphics are amazing.
 

dekel vaknin hamelech
190 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
71.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Excellent graphics, fun gameplay, likeable protagonists. This game takes everything Unity did right and makes into what Unity could have been. It's already one of my favourites from the series.
 

sammortonski
90 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: 26 May, 2016
I bought, but it dont works, when i open the game loads forever, can anybody help me?
 

Minato Namikaze
148 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: 23 March, 2019
An okay assassins creed game. I have yet not played Origins and Odyssey so cannot compare to that but this game is not too bad.
 

Eddy
88 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.5 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2017
VERY smooth combat, non-intrusive present-day cutscenes, and lovable characters! I greatly enjoy this game.

Yes, 4 tasks done. Gimme dem goodies.
 

CalyxCabbit
173 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.3 hrs on record
Posted: 16 August, 2020
yes
 

remdyx
32 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2020
Recommended, very good game.
 

<.::JS::.>
171 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
261.1 hrs on record
Posted: 2 December, 2016
Although the enviroment is amazing, gameplay is awesome. Enough to do inside the game....

IF you can actually play it without crashing at the thames.
Alot of people have this problem and nothing was done about it.
So basically you buy a broken game

DON'T BUY IT, unless you are absolutely sure you can play it without the damn thames area bug!

---------
after getting a new pc the problem is gone
 

DorkieShorty
99 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2016
I was really excited for this game but it is really lacking compared to the other games itself in the series. I felt like i was back in the original one with such repetitive do this and that. I feel the graphics are half A$$ed compared to previous games and i was bored with it after a couple hours of playing the story line and exploring the town.
 

dreadd65
169 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: 17 April, 2016
1. Buys AC Syndicate on PC.
2. Sees heaps of other gamers complaining about how high end gaming rigs can't run it on ultra settings.
3. Sets game to run in 1080p instead of 4K.........oh look at that, problem solved.

♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC elitists complaining because unrealistic expectations were not met, maybe run games how they're intended to be instead of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when up-scaling fails.
 

Maberse
196 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: 2 October, 2021
Product received for free

Great game if you got it for free.
If you have to pay more than 5$ for it though, it's probably not worth it.
I refuse to give this publisher any more money, so if I get it for free or gifted I'll play it, otherwise I'll pass.
 

Kivogtar
46 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
96.6 hrs on record
Posted: 28 February, 2016
I hate the top hats, but everything else is good.
 

Trunks
110 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
184.2 hrs on record
Posted: 3 September, 2019
Masterpiece!!!
 

❄r3dsn0w000™❄ [Cristi]🎮
3,037 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
120.9 hrs on record
Posted: 1 May, 2017
Good Game for the most part. Controls are very unresponisve. Tendency to get stuck on barrels and buildings while enemies attack you as the controls just won't listen all the time. I've been playing AC since it came out. This was by far the hardest one to control. Once you get it down you tend to do a little bit better. Stupid options like buying helix credits make it a little on the stupid side. Why do I continue to have to pay money for things when you've already charged me 50-60$ for a game? Why can't I just buy a secrets map with in game currency for 30 or 40k credits so I can get the suit hidden in a vault?

If you plan on getting the DLC the Jack The Ripper pack is so buggy it's stupid. I've been trapped in concrete buried to my head countless times while enemies slash my head until I die and have to restard my mission. Kidnapped Mr. Orwell and he bugged out and wouldn't walk it was like pushing a block around in Tomb Raider or something. Then I was spotted with him had to release him to kill an enemy went to rekidnap him and NO you can't he's a stationary block stab him so he dies...

Just know the game isn't perfect or even near perfect and the controls and bugs are terrible. Adds onto the AC story well though.
 

crackersmurf
60 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 January, 2016
having to press the same thing multiple times in hope that mabe this time it will work.... it has killed the fun. I have already spent too much of my free time being frustrated with this game.
 

things4fun
14 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2015
Awesome addition to the franchise.
 

Geronimo Windstorm
69 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
After Assassin's Creed Unity I am honestly surprised how well this game runs! I haven't encountered one single bug so far which is something mentionable. Ubisoft made up for their "Early Access" AC title from the last year. The game runs smooth and has pretty graphics (GTX970) and runs without any frame drops and I honestly thought this game will run like the pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AC:Unity was (though I liked the plot of Unity, the game ran horrible on any rig during the first weeks of release)
 

Lupus Ex Onon
326 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2017
PROS:
-Lots of content
-Some improvements on the Assasins Creed formula
-Better than Unity

CONS:
-Not much of the wealth of content is good
-Very repetitive
-High settings don't look very good and perform worse than they should
--Poorly optimized
-Typical bad Ubisoft writing
-UPlay
 

Gruedo
383 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: 22 October, 2018
So first off I'm a fan of this series and have completed almost all the games since the first, with the exception of Unity and Liberation. With that out the way, this game generally good. The Gameplay is fun, London(in all it's stinky, industrial age glory) is a lot of fun to run around in and the twins are mostly likable(Evie moreson the Jacob). Also, the hookshot basically allows you to be steampunk batman(and considering how wide some to the streets are and how tall some of the buildings are, this is quite welcome).

The game isn't without flaws though. The plot is mostly ok, to the point I can barely recall it and I beat it a few days ago. It pretty much boils down to "London has been a Templar city for a century, let's go take it back(and form a gang while we're at it)" and "They probably have a piece of eden, let's grab it before they do". Nothing you haven't already seen in this series a few times already.

Much of the game invovles retaking the city district by distirct by doing various activities and then fighting an area boss to claim the borrough to make money and work your way up the skill/upgrade tree(and yo need to do this somewhat because there are levels attached to various activieis). There's a sequence for each Templar gang boss ending with essentially a complex(of a sorts) assasination mission, which are the few bits that felt like they had a lot more effort put into them(with optional objectives to make it easier to reach the target unseen).

A minor nitpick but one nonetheless is that the game feels like it's not taking any risks, perfering to play it safe in pretty much every way. Nothing is really innovative on the gameplay front(other then the hookshot) and nothing in the game really forwards the narrative much, either in the present or in the past. At best, what we see is that the Assasins by 1868 are already pretty screwed in that while the Templars inserted themselves deep into captalism so that killling them causes the system to break down(and plenty of collateral damage with it), while the Assasins are pretty much limited to "Kill Templars, break their toys, grab a piece of eden and call it a day" in their strategy. It's really no wonder they're hurting so badly 150 years later.

So in all, it's fun and it's a great recreation of London. Just don't expect anything groundbreaking as far as gameplay or plot.
 

spauldingae
495 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: 9 February, 2016
FEBRUARY 9 / MAY 26 2016
It's really rare I write a review about a game, but after playing this game all the way through I was compelled to act. Not only is this game an insult to the senses in every way imaginable, the gameplay, the story, the recycled characters most notably Jacob Fry who is just a mix of Edward Kenway and that guy from Watchdogs no one remembers. The creators with Ubisoft at the helm have seemingly grown tired of anything that resembles quality or joy in their products and rather is scarily close to turning into Stalin of the game world, a position currently inhabited by their self-proclaimed enemy and biggest competitor - EA. They ♥♥♥♥ all over their users with the most notable example with Unity in which they released an unfinished product at full price, and only offering compensation several months later after a massive backlash extremely rarely seen among consumers, but forcing customers wishing to accept the peace offering that they could not anytime in the future sue Ubisoft over Unity.

And with this stinking pile of garbage they have not only put together a cliche-filled, gameplay-broken, lazy approach to gaming by taking the standard template they seem to just be recycling for every annual game, but they have more importantly completely "forgot" to optimise it after release since it after all was a much better release than Unity in that it was actually playable upon release. UBISOFT - this has been said way too many times already that it borders on customer service cliché, but I have a sincere hope that there is still some good people left at your companies who believe the magic and beauty in beautifully crafted games. That games are not only a way to pass the time and shoot some bad guys, but that can enlighten and broaden ones minds and transport oneself to a different world, a different time. I must believe that is what the creators of AC 2 were embodying when they created what is, in my opinion not only the finest AC game to be released, but one of the best sci-fi games of this generation. You got everything right: the location, the story, the gameplay, the sidemissions, the graphics, the music - and most importantly, you respected your audience in delivering something to be proud of, and something you felt your audience deserved. For those responsible for that piece of art - I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart.

And to those who have become mindless robots churning out what has - UNFORTUNATELY - become a yearly tradition of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over audiences, I will never forget, but I still have hope you will redeem yourself before this franchise finally runs out of steam. Finally, I just want direct my attention to the head of Ubisoft - Yvet Guillemot (or how its spelled). You sir are responsible for what have befallen this beloved and excellent franchise, and you will ultimately have to answer to all those fans you have dissapointed time and again, and who miracelously come back for more every single year, myself being one of them, because they still have hope that the franchise might one day be great again. Chances that you'll ever see this I release is close to none. But hopefully, when enough people complain and force your eyes open, you will see what you have become.

I hope for that day.

VERDICT:
6/10

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

2021
 

Mobyscors
553 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2021
personally, i think this game is criminally underrated. it has stunning environments and lighting, the mechanic of switching between evie and jacob is implemented quite nicely, and the game felt very satisfying to play through. i finished the story and i still feel like jumping back into it to get all of the collectibles, because there is something relaxing and beautiful about exploring every nook and cranny of this game. also, funny child labor haha.
 

libsjohn
86 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
60.3 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2016
The game is really good so far, the fps seems stable but what's not new for me is the fact that the game crashes a lot. Unfortunately, I haven't been lucky with absolutely none of the ubisoft games in this last decade.
EVERY single game on pc I had to do some kind of workaround to make it run properly. Some games like Farcry 3 don't even run anymore, I thought it might be incompatibility with the OS (Win10 here) and I end up installing win7 but with no success the game just don't work and with AC Unity I had to create a powershell script to be able to run the game at all, it still had crashes but at least I was able to play it.

And now AC Syndicate is going on the same path, it started with resolution problems that was way higher than mine and the fact that I couldn't skip the intro video to choose the right resolution therefore I couldn't watch it the video again and I couldn't even start a new game I had to disable savegame syncronization e delete manually the save files and so on to be able to watch the intro properly.
It's always something with ubisoft games, I mean, not even a NEW GAME feature? C'mon.
Ubisoft really don't seem to give a F**K about its customers.

SPECS:
FX8370-BE @ 4.9Ghz
32gb RAM
GTX980
WIN10
 

CLE
713 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.7 hrs on record
Posted: 8 November, 2021
Couldn't get into the game for the first 10 hours or so before everything clicked. While I will still prefer Unity over Syndicate, I still loved the characters (Evie especially) and the combat felt fresh and exciting. Rope Launcher has very divided opinions, I did enjoy using it although it can feel like an EZ mode button at times. I did experience quite a lot of bugs in my playthrough and you can't really get multi-kills to work which is a shame. The parkour in this game feels very sticky and snappy and Evie/Jacob likes to stick onto things you don't really want them to stick on such as small ledges and fences.

The real highlight is definitely the Jack the Ripper DLC which has a dark and eerie tone throughout its campaign. Really enjoyed the atmosphere there more than the main campaign. The other DLCs were quite buggy and I had to restart my games several times due to crashes but still worth a playthrough.
 

bmaxwong
64 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: 26 June, 2021
Not as good as the other assassins creed games. It's ok if you are an AC fan who plays all the games in order finding every last secret , codex, glyph , binary code , etc... then yes get this game because all the events that happen in it just like all the other games matter. I'm a huge AC fan so i played all of it and found everything . Ill be moving on to origins in the next 5 minutes . If its on sale then buy the game.... I mean i don't see how an AC fan could play the games out of order , or skip any of the games .... it has so much stuff in it if you skip anything you're going to be extremely confused on what is actually going on .
 

me headbutt kookies
129 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: 14 January
A true London experience.
 

Tyrannosaurus Tux
292 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2019
Everything about this game is awesome
 

Kris
163 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
78.3 hrs on record
Posted: 13 July, 2021
just been a good game all around so far. not complicated, not confuseing, easy to follow, easy to play, for when ya just wanna let the time roll by while ur "fellin good"
 

Bones1978
37 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 May, 2021
trash as unisoft launcher isnt allowing me to play this game because the servers are down the entire corpo is trash with thier greedy as choices where they only think of how to make their pockets fatter and our exp sht
 

Frezo2020
79 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: 9 December, 2020
It's really one of the worst assassins creed up to date. The story sis lackluster, the visuals are keen but the overall feel is just disapointing. The grapple hock takes away all the assasins like climbing and parcouring. Very disappointing!
 

Tilcho
96 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: 13 July, 2021
Am playing this after having completed the Origins and Odyssey. Yes it seems nascent as compared to those high-on graphics games, but my penchant for the English storyline which was rejuvenated during Valhalla are now satiated. Like the gameplay, but it's too repetitive like the older Assassin Creed games.
Storyline- 5.6/10
Gameplay- 8/10
Graphics- 7.8/10
Characters- 9/10

overall- 7.8/10
 

DukeSkyewalker
307 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
80.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 December, 2020
Alright, this is going to be a big one, but I'll try to be as complete as possible. I've just hit 100% on both the main game and the Jack the Ripper DLC, so while it's still fresh on the memory. Some of it is in spoiler text. Look at these bits at your own peril.

What I really liked:
- The world opened quickly and is, from that point on, fully accessible. There are conquest activities that are usually interesting and well made, and plenty of collectibles.
- Dreadful Crimes (DLC) was very well thought out and definitely recommended if you liked the murder mysteries in AC:U. They've improved by miles, I figured them all out from the clues and none of the solutions felt incredible farfetched.

What I liked:
- I've played through the game as Evie, except when forced to play another character. This is because the game has implemented a smart system where either of the twins has a unique playstyle. Jacob favours combat and Evie favours stealth. I like being stealthy, so I picked Evie. Also, during the game, Jacob's only redeeming quality is his top hat and that's never a good thing.
- The main story is entertaining, but the end is super predictable if you've played any AC game before. It ends just like all the other ones. No specific spoilers, but none are needed. I don't care very much for the 'witty' arguments Evie and Jacob seem to be continuously having, but I can see how others might enjoy that type of dialogue as well.
- Freerunning has definitely improved, but the characters still stick to the Arno school of never giving up on ledges. When you're trying to move fast and precise, the system seems to be fully intent on making the wrong calls when it comes to freerunning, but I suppose this is to be expected from the AC series by now.
- Jack the Ripper (DLC) introduces a mildly interesting new concept of using fear as a weapon. You play through brief sections of the game as the bad guy, which might be seen as enjoyable to some players (but not me, I just powered through to get back to enjoyable bits). The DLC also adds a serious amount of content, which will make it worth your money.

What I disliked:
- Jack the Ripper (DLC) has an unsurprising story that harps on the concept that "even assassins can be evil", as if we didn't know. This is meant to further an arbitrary "we're all the bad guy" narrative that this series didn't need. The unfortunate bit is that the big plot twist is presented literal seconds after the DLC starts, nothing else is surprising.
- The Last Maharaja (DLC) is a poorly thought out section of the game with minigames that are unnecessary and an entire drunk section that is neither clever nor funny. Besides this, the whole side story will at the end feel like a complete waste of time. Would not recommend.
- Races are n o n e s e n s e - aren't required for 100%, so I skipped them all but one (to try it).
- Jack the Ripper (DLC): 

What I hated:
- The Dickens and Darwin conspiracy DLC was immensely disappointing and frankly a waste of time and effort. Strongly do not recommend.
- I had several crashes and soft locks for no reason. I would have carriages drive off even though it had no driver. Dead guys would block mission progression by claiming they were alive (but are on the ground, quite dead, but alive, but unkillable). I had a random guy panic drive off with a carriage that had a mission vital corpse in it (as part of the mission). More crashes. I had audio glitches where suddenly no voice lines were spoken. All in all, I think during the time I played, I encounted 10 to 20 serious bugs and it's not a good look for a game with this type of budget.
- Huge downside for what I personally hate the most in video games. Getting beaten in a cutscene. 

Would recommend!
All in all, I'd say this game is a solid game to play in the AC series. It's enjoyable and certainly lives up to the AC formula.
 

NotAce
446 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 December, 2020
I LOVE ENGLAND DURING THIS TIME
 

LemonKnees
74 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: 18 October, 2020
I remember being so hype for this game when it came out, despite the fact i had nothing i could play it on. glad to say it doesn't really disappoint me
 

SANGUINITE
438 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: 19 September, 2020
Farming game
 

POTETOYu
59 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
76.4 hrs on record
Posted: 9 September, 2020
Here's an opinion (sort of) on this little, probably a bit underrated Assassin's Creed: GTA London 1868 game.
The point is here in this ↓
Why even make London here larger than a whole planet Earth if you couldn't handle other aspects? Like, book novel of this game is tremendous, it is gorgeous, it is better than sex to read it. Why couldn't I play what was and how was written in a book as I definitely would? Imagine, story in game would have that level of quality, while we all got typical British humour wank story. No offence for those who liked it, they just really, really overpushed in writing a bunch of interesting characters rather than develop them. That sucks but I know it could be better.
And a gameplay. The gameplay. Would call it an Assassin's Creed: Unity 0.5 and would be even right. Still, called it Assassin's Creed: GTA London 1868. With all that bloody similarities. With all that simplicity. Some missions are barely passable but not because they got Minesweeper Windows 98 Edition difficulty but because of bugs. Games's so easy it's BRAINLESS.
Still I would recommend it. With all that sins, bugs. underperformed story, "GTA got a heecup" vibes, with all that Johnny Sins, it's still have a gorgeous London, tremendous cast of historical personalities, probably the best DLC out of all franchise (Sorry, The Da Vinci Dissapearence, Dreadful Crimes took my Sherlock Holmes' inner fanboy's heart and ate it and I like it) and you definitely would get an unforgettable experience.
 

KillCock [FTW]
275 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: 6 July, 2020
If Spider-man was an assassin on 1868, this would be his game.
 

☂ DgO
1,234 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.9 hrs on record
Posted: 13 May, 2020
It's So Fun To Have Experience in the city of london with assassin series :)
 

ShinyQ
37 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: 6 April, 2020
e
 

SILENT.HELL
115 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: 28 March, 2020
its a good game, but it never saves if you dont have internet.
 

ㄒ尺ム乂
19 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.4 hrs on record
Posted: 25 August, 2020
The game may have gotten some hate however if you go into the game with an open mind it can be quite enjoyable. This was one of the first assassins creed games that actually made me laugh with the diologe and story. And the combat is simple yet entertaining.
 

Maverick-16
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: 27 July, 2020
Crappy optimisation. I can spend minuteS waiting for a 10 seconds cutscene to load. I do not have the best computer, but it is better than the required specs according to the steam page.

Not only that, I have to focus every single rescource of my computer on it otherwise it is worse and getting a xbox controler to work with it is tricky as you need to play with priorities....every darn time you open the game.

Edit : Found an option that I could deactivate in the video settings that made the game run much smoother. I hav 0 ideas what that option does and I do not understand why such a demanding options would be on by default. Stopped playing the game 2-3 times before picking it back up just to try and finish the story so I can uninstall it for good before I found that option. Definitely going to make other people rage.
 

Gonzalez87
136 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January, 2020
Good Brutal Combat
 

MAX
374 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2019
Game crashes after the first mission. Why the hell is it?
 

DOGSHOPHOST
114 products in account
7
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: 1 November, 2019
it's pretty funn lole
 

L'mayonaise
27 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.6 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2019
Best Assassins's Creed imo
 

Satoru Gojo
55 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
88.4 hrs on record
Posted: 13 October, 2018
I really like this game. I find it relaxing for its graphics, background musics. And most importantly, they didn't sexualize the female characters in the game.
 

Soura
74 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
78.1 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2017
I like this game. London is great. Story is good.
 

oReL
206 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2019
The story is charming, it's something that if you like the characters and the time period that you'll enjoy. Industrial Revolution London is one of my favorite time periods to explore and the combat is amazing. The parkour/movement is really great with the addition of the grapple mechanic.
I have encountered no bugs.

I have played Syndicate a lot before Steam, and I still have to say it's top 3 AC games. 10/10.
 

SkriptedRogue
179 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
85.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 March, 2019
I immensely enjoyed Black Flag before this, but I just wasn't feeling it with Syndicate. It doesn't have anything unique to its name except for the Victorian setting, but I found the world to be lacking in detail, and sort of lifeless. The only new things this adds to the series are vehicles and a gimmick to skip all of the climbing, both of which are anathema to Assassin's Creed as a whole. And yet for some reason I keep thinking that enjoyment is to be had somewhere in here, and I simply haven't found it yet. If you have any advice on how to have fun with this game, please share your wisdom, because I'm going to need it going forward.


https://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/365769/The_Ubisoft_paradox_How_the_publisher_enabled_a_culture_of_abuse_and_control.php
 

Bobbleplx
259 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
46.8 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2016
It's a good game for the most part. Excellent visuals, animation, etc. As is the minimum requirement for a AAA game. Unfortunately, even after a year later, there's still bugs and random crashes. Technically, this is expected considering the size of the game. Unfortunately, most companies actually fixes many of these issues within 6 months (if not the first month). It's just disturbing that Ubisoft doesn't care enough to follow through and update this game to fix the game-breaking bugs.

Plot-wise, it continues the slide that started with Unity and is quite forgettable. Gameplay-wise, it's good somewhat but the combat system pales in comparison to combo oriented games like the Batman Arkham Series. Content-wise, it falls into the usual trappings of open world games of filling the game world with collectibles that has no plot bearing and are just a chore to collect.
 

Z3R0Dyne
315 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: 16 October, 2018
This is my second favorite AC(first being brotherhood) this game looks absoloutely amazing, which really emerses you into the game. You actually feel like an assassin in this game, the stealth takedowns are smooth, the walking takedowns are subtle etc. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys the AC industry, or to anyone who enjoys games. This game is for pretty much everyone.
 

kai
108 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
76.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 November, 2016
after the Ezio era this is one of the best Assassin's Creed game.
 

Anish
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.8 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2015
This is a great Assassin's Creed game. The only thing that isnt really an issue but just bugs me a little is the fact that you switch between characters. But again, not really an issue.

GG Ubisoft. GG.
 

Tunloink
725 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2015
To anyone who is interested. This is a fantastic game. It runs smoothly and looks fabulous. I highly recommend it to any Assassin's Creed fan.
 

Jake
196 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
108.0 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Incredible. In my opinion, the best Assassin's Creed at the moment.

+ No FPS Drops
+ Many things to unlock
+ Good story
+ Good combat system
+ Great graphics
+ Nice ambience
 

MaTa
2,648 products in account
3
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.0 hrs on record
Posted: 12 February, 2016
Beautiful, simply beautiful. Pre-ordered the game, was sad to found out that my laptop can't support it on medium settings, then again, still not dissapointed (with the game of course)
:)
 

DenisPemon
132 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.4 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2021
The best Assassin's Creed game ever !
 

PinkyXpandA
41 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: 17 December, 2019
Product refunded

Game crashes everytime.. had to refund the game .
 
A developer has responded to this review

spaghettibacon
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2021
This Game in my opinion is one of THE BEST Assassins Creed games, This is because of its great story and amazing ending with many side quests and no nudity! unlike the future games (talking to you origins) so def would play for the price!
 

Tzuyu
21 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
99.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 May, 2017
One of the best AC games yet. Graphics look amazing, hookshot is the best addition to this game since Ezio, and the gameplay / progression is smooth. I've replayed this one a few times and I can see myself doing it more in the future.
 

Fern
49 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
115.3 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May, 2021
What a sneaky game. You think it is another assassin's creed game , then you discover how cool it is to cruise London. Cool Britania, union jack flags fluttering in the breeze in the cut scenes. Very enjoyable. The missions are a step up due to the new tech and are a lot of fun. Great idea to have 2 protagonists!
 

Draakon
152 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
169.1 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
DAT ATMOSPHER!!!!
 

Foat
685 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: 20 October, 2020
Played 100% on my PS4 and decided to check it out in PC, It was pretty nice but i refunded because i was to poor to keep it and needed the money back.
 

Terrificks
113 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
116.4 hrs on record
Posted: 1 July, 2016
Loved it!!!!
 

simon.greene6
166 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 February, 2020
its good but kinda boring
 

Insanity
24 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: 27 September, 2017
Like every other Assassin's Creed game.
 

Frutada
79 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.9 hrs on record
Posted: 30 December, 2016
I liked it.
I believe it is one solid sequal among other AC series.
 

FOS
232 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: 24 August, 2021
You can't lose, there are zero consequences for any decisions you make.

Half the missions complete themselves automatically and you wont even know what happened until you read the journal entry afterwords in the menu.

You hold Shift + W + Space and watch. Oh it's time to fight? Rapidly click the left mouse button and watch.

The story is split between two characters and this makes me not care about either of them. It's just some vanilla good hero bad hero ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
 

upfull0ne
231 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2015
The first hour was great. Then I realized it's gameplay is just as terrible as the others.

Sure it is one of the better optimized engines. Also there are a lot of cool physics (including the carriages). But other than that its just button smashing till the end of the game. Purchase Witcher 3 if you want a real challenge, not some game Ubisoft had to pump out as quick as possible.
 

Hellpilot
156 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
245.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 April, 2017
The Short:

Great graphics here & there, útterly boring & frustratring gameplay. Grind, grind, grind to get level-ups needed to get at the heart of the game. It took me 13 hours of frustration and grinding to get at level 6 and get the story (simple as it is) rolling for a bit.

The Longer:

Point is, while the City is rendered in exquisite beauty in all its victorian splendor&squalor, it is álso crawling with clone baddies that are ESP-gifted, and are psionically linked to every other baddy in the vicinity. Meaning, when You attack one in a neighbourhood that isn't Yours, or one of them sees You, the game immediately spawns oodles of baddies, and cops with "super-batons" that kill in just a couple of blows. Which -in turn- leads to the standard tactics of : killing..get up to the roof, press "c" to go stealth, wait a bit, rinse & repeat ad infinitum. Gang strongholds can be cleared-out in the same manner. A fair bit of that carried-over into AC: digital world...ehh.. "Watch Dogs 2" grind, grind, grind. Stealth-kills fix that for a bit, but then the crazy of the ai comes bubbling-up: I tried to stash all bodies from stealth-kills out of sight. Well, I shouldn't have bothered. Stealth kill a baddie. Let the body laying around, and in most cases no-one sounds the alarm despite citizens making a ruckus.. weird.

All in all, the "open world" is a frustrating affair that can only be enjoyed from samey-samey-roofs. Get to street level to take-in "The Sights" the programmers have so lovingly crafted, and you're in for endless, boring assaults of cookie-cutter baddies.

What's álso seriously annoying is the utterly slów levelling. It feels like a purposely stunted levelling-system to make players spend áctual money on XP-Points. Sneaky, stinky CEO-Beancounter stuff.

On the rest of the game:

When a neighbourhood is (FINALLY) Yours, only thén do You get to admire the work the programmers & builders put into the game. But, by then, a lot of players will have put-down the conroller for good.

Is the game "hard"? No, not really. It's rather more like"artificially stunted" to make it seem "hard" but the base-mechanics are all standard AC-fare -apart from the Grapple-Hook, which is a nice addition to shorten trips around The City- with a somewhat wonky stealth-system.

On a more positive note: The clothes of Evie and Jacob, are a Steampunk dream. The rich brocades, something inocuous, like the movement of Evie's cape (loathed by many, oddly enough), the lace, the buttons even, it all defines "attention to detail" from people that love to design stuf.

Shame that it has to live in such a mediocre, grindy game. I cannot really recommend it, unless it's in a weekend-sale for $10.- or something.

Edit: You know when it fínally starts to get fun? With a trainer. While only using "infinite health", the game became far more enjoyable (for me, at least)

Despite everything, I dó like just aimlessly walking around victorian London. The architecture is spot-on, the atmosphere too. It also has a tiny bit of steam-punk here and there. Not realistic, and history-purists wil balk at it, but it's fun for me. Shame that the actual 'gameplay' is mediocre, and grindy.
 

stefbuik
80 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
57.4 hrs on record
Posted: 27 January, 2021
[EDIT]
Main story : Not particulary interesting

Gameplay : If you familiar with "True Assassins Creed Franchise" where you be like sneaky beaky like this is for you with same parkour animation like AC: Unity

Overall : I'm not hate this game because this game offer a "Unique Kill" to approach your target (it's kind of special animation to kill your target)

EDIT :
Found my solution to fix stuttering in Assasssins Creed Origin ,
i have nvidia driver 451.67 while playing this game with i5-10300h and GTX 1650 TI and playing both AC: Origin and AC:Syndicate encounter random stuttering. But after i update my driver to 461.40 i have no problem in those game
 

Owlscream[OS]
250 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.1 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2016
This is simply an amazing game. I enjoy the depth of the characters, and the villian is splendid. The combat system and level system is awesome, and character customization is a nice touch. Great game in all.
 

BioFrosty
285 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 September, 2021
LONG LIVE DA QUEEN!
 

Birth of a Wish
210 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 March, 2021
This game is so British that a tea before playing is required.
 

舒拉
95 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2020
awsome
 

HAPPY HIPPO
180 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: 19 March, 2020
I love it
 

DoctorBear
80 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.9 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2019
Still worth playing in 2019 imo, I seriously cant get enough of these boxing club killmoves...


I can't afford Mortal Kombat
 

Sheogarvey
39 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.8 hrs on record
Posted: 29 June, 2019
The Story is soo good! It has good graphics and lot of side mission.
 

DannielCM
63 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: 20 April, 2019
It is amazingly fun! the missions are fun. the random enounters on the streets are fun. the sidequest are very fun And basicly everything is mazing
(exept for a few glitches but they dont effect the gameplay)
 

Thomas
76 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2016
Product refunded

the game play is unrewarding. the missions, like all ac games, are very repetive. the controls are clucky on both controler and keyboard. many visual glitches from the monent you launch the game. the "upgrades" feel hollow and pointless. all in all i cant recomend this game to anyone.
 

TheGoaty
131 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: 9 October, 2018
8/10
I would say this AC game was one of the best, lot's of gameplay is offered. The story wasn't the best but was up there, and the gameplay mechanics are the best so far. The skills tree with other upgrades was great, but not many outfits to choose from such as Unity had. The Jack the Ripper DLC was unique adding to the story after the main game. If you ever wanted to feel how it is to be a serial killer this DLC is for you. Syndicate was defiantly worth picking up even if you haven't played the previous AC games. This game had a little of the current time events going on, but it still has a little info if you wanted to know.
 

VaultMobster
111 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.8 hrs on record
Posted: 17 April, 2016
Lots to love (setting, characters, visuals) and more to hate (bugs, imprecise controls, tedious gameplay, more bugs). Buy only if deeply discounted.
 

fdemar
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.3 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2016
Betwen AC III and this one, they are my two favorites in the whole series...also a big fan of AC Black Flag and Rogue.
 

Rayza
190 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.9 hrs on record
Posted: 16 December, 2021
good
 

𝖏𝖆𝖈𝖔𝖇
35 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: 2 September, 2020
love the era and the game play
 

Megster8811.TTV
93 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: 4 November, 2020
This is one of the best games from the entire AC series. Complex and amazing details. Totally recommend! Gameplay is stunning and also the graphic.
 

skuubi
7 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
56.0 hrs on record
Posted: 20 May, 2020
Karl Marx:
because the man who advocated the abolition of the family, the past, and INDIVIDUALITY would totally be an ally of the Assassins who support all three and would not like to see any of the above abolished and not the Templars who implimented his ideologies or some variation (Hitler, Stalin, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, etc.) as they value the collective and want everyone to think and move as one *facepalm*
not to mention everything Jacob does (even when he sucsessfully kills all his targets) is portrayed as wrong when playing as Evie and despite her constant failures she's praised
all in all it seems more like a social justice piece than an Assassins Creed game
i would however recommend it for the gameplay (largely due to the combat system) if not for the lack of hoods in cutscenes(particularly Assassination cutscenes) and the sheer lack of stealth kill animations, you can only trip and stab people or wrist flick so many times before it gets old
 

Wraith
164 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.8 hrs on record
Posted: 10 February, 2016
recommended to those assassin's creed lovers!!!
 

Force Majeure
205 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: 27 January, 2021
bri'ish
 

Sneedham
324 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: 25 December, 2020
Its pog
 

Ratmilk
105 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
107.9 hrs on record
Posted: 17 February, 2018
Shame Unity killed the sales of this amazing game.

PROS:

- Great story, great characters
- Great setting;
- Open world, that feels alive;
- Tons of meaningful content;
- Superb animations

CONS:

- very basic port
 

HcCynic
19 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2016
SyndiCrash CRASH EVERY MISSIONS
 

tony
53 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.5 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May, 2016
Played this game a lot. wonderful and great story! only problem i have is i can open it anymore. i run the program and after that it's stuck with the assassin's creed logo when you open it. can anyone help me?
 

DeViCab
19 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.6 hrs on record
Posted: 6 October, 2018
LOVE THIS GAME!!
 

^4Sons ^3Of ^1Odin
188 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: 31 March, 2016
i can not gedt this game to open on my pc and play
 

bendoolanspoolin
10 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: 17 December, 2015
If this game works it's awesome... but that is a BIG "if".... Had to geta refund as the game kept crashing to desktop, and Ubisoft tech support were terrible.
 

⎛⎝UlquIoRra ⎠⎞
202 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 January, 2016
Was a fun yet boring game. It didn't feel like an Assassin's Creed game and couldn't hold my interest for very long. 6.5/10 reccomended.
 

eWOOD
1,838 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.1 hrs on record
Posted: 7 November, 2020
A wonderful addition to the AC franchise. After the botched release of Unity, this one fixed quite a few things and made them better. Overall, this is the last OG formula Assassin's Creed game. 10/10 from me personally.
 

u2020bullet
627 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.1 hrs on record
Posted: 1 December, 2016
Product received for free

Insaneeeee!!!!!!! What a game my dear friends i recomend you alll this game, even if you dont like assassins creed stories this game will make you agarrado ao pc yah :) <3
 

diogossramos
13 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.5 hrs on record
Posted: 15 October, 2017
A wise man once said "Never ascribe to malice that which can be equally explained by incompetence." But does this maxim hold true when talking about Ubisoft putting a virtual Karl Marx in their game and making him say ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like "The only way to socialism is through democracy." Are they just stupid dumb ass who have never even read Mark? OR are they really Marxists whitewashing the words or their lord and master... Disgusting perversion of history, cannot recommend.
 

Lizard
324 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: 17 February, 2016
Assassin's Creed Syndicate. Well, if you have played the previous ones and hate the controls, movement, story, yearly releases and whatnot, buy this. Once again Ubisoft proves to the world that AC is just another disaster under the publishers wings.

Quick summa summarum:


Game is set on victorian era London and you have to play as a dimwitted duo of Assassin Legacies (trust me, not assassins anymore. Gentle blend of brawling and the league of extraordinary gentlemen). The setting itself is fun and interesting, but it is not alive. The pedestrians walk aimlessly up and down the roads and after couple of hours you just start spotting the red guys who need to go. Walk close, press X, deal is done.

Cons
- The game is graphically satisfying, but falls short on delivering it.
- Remember the sticky slime-things you could buy from bubblegum machines in your youth? Meet our designer of controls.
- Story is not immersive, it falls short and it has nothing to do with anything, the last time Ubisoft delivered something new and fresh was 2004. The story is like watching the Kardashians after DMT.
- You can actually purchase in-game boosters for single player game.
- Did I mention the controls?
- The in-game crafting system and upgrading yourself as you go is like playing Farmville on Facebook. You shouldn't bother, and after a few accidents you realize there really is nothing more to be done, except waiting.
- Overall quality of the product is not that good.
- No multiplayer support but still they introduced micro-transactions to the game. (Not that it would be good to have one)
- Repetitive gameplay and mission mechanics, feels like doing the same thing for 15h.



Pros

+-0

+ Graphics are fairly good
+ Animations are fairly good, although sloppy and laggy



4.5/10, wouldn't recommend if it's not on -70% sale.
 

subZero
375 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.6 hrs on record
Posted: 13 December, 2016
what a pity! error happen everytime when the mission is completed. try many ways to fix it but it doesnt work at all. this game is not playable unless the problem is fixed.
 

Kenchan112
79 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: 9 December, 2016
Good game but crash when every missions end
 

henry-zhu
24 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: 18 July, 2021
Its aight
 

Valkia ♥
604 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2021
best assassins creed game
 

Bluudlust223
65 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
133.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 February, 2020
Best AC game I've played, and I've played it like three times.

(make that 5)

Edit: This is the last of the original AC games, for better or for worse. Black Flag may have been more innovative with the incredible setting and ship mechanic, but I appreciate this one for staying based in what made Ass Creed fun. I'm sure after the patches Unity is good too, and I've heard great things about III, but BF and Syndicate will always be my favorites. Victorian London really fits the AC games and the detective DLC was pretty fun for being tacked on.
 

Saturnine
621 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: 18 March, 2021
Unfortunately, as much as I enjoyed my time with this game, I can't really recommend it. It's certainly a step up from Unity in nearly every way, imo, but it's held back by significant glitches and bugs. It's sad that Ubi fixed up Unity but seemingly never bothered with Syndicate. I've had more crashes with this game than any other AC, and most even compared to most games in general.

Perhaps the most infuriating bug occurred in a Sequence 7 mission titled "Playing Politics." There's a point where you have to tackle an enemy, after which a cutscene is supposed to play. No matter how many times I tried to get the scene to play, the enemy would always stand back up and engage in a fight. After trying other fixes like changing resolution (a temporary solution for the near constant crashing), going offline, and restarting both the mission and the game several times, I looked up how to fix it. Turns out that you have to manually set the game to run on a single core in task manager. Although this makes the game load and run like molasses, the cutscene actually plays when you tackle the enemy, and you can return the game to normal right afterwards.

There are a ton of other bugs present as well, especially in some of the dlc missions and sidequests. The tackling bug and crashing are the worst of all of them, though.

Syndicate has a lot of cool ideas like the hookshot and the improved combat system, but ultimately the buggy nature of the game really prevents me from recommending it.
 

BinaryPork2737
1,955 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: 10 March, 2018
Arguably the best Assassins Creed Game. Though Origins is better as a game in general, it does so while moving away a lot from what Assassins Creed is, and therefore i would argue it is a worse AC game.

The combat, controls, stealth, etc are much improved over older titles, and feel pretty intuitive.
The story is great, Evie and Jacob feel good, though jacob is pretty naive, and they make the story engaging.
The main bad guy is great, the cutscenes showing him are some of the best cutscenes ive seen in a ubisoft game,
The game strikes a good balance between a linear story and the newer underbosses then main boss makeup seen in games like wildlands, shadow of mordor or even origins.
Leveling works, but arbitrarily limiting already unlocked gear to a level feels limiting, Origins does this too, but the chance of you getting higher levelled gear is a lot less likely there.

There are a few annoyances, the kidnap missions or really any mission with carriages feel clunky, the controls are not very precise, and animations for getting on the roof to hijack take a little long, causing you to not be able to do what you wanted to.
Theres also the common AC issue of takedown animations taking too long, causing you to get detected, or hindering your gettaway. This is something previous games and Origins suffer from too, but it isnt a major issue.
Freerunning is great, one of the best, and in urban areas like London it feels better than Origins in my opinion, but getting down is still sometimes an issue, though this is much rarer due to the dedicated 'free run down' button
Finally the combat sometimes fails your block regardless, even though you are pressing the right buttons, this seems to only happen with higher levelled enemies or when being swarmed, but it is still frustrating.

Performance was great, graphics look about as good as can be expected, the game is 2.5 years old, though there arent as many graphics settings as i would've liked.
I ran the game at 2560x1080 on max settings with 60fps+ on a GTX 1070+7700K
In over 30hrs of playing i have had 1 single issue with a mission critical AI carriage getting stuck and needing to reload from checkpoint. no other issues or glitches at all.

If you are looking for a true Assassins Creed game i would recommend this over Origins, if you are looking for the best game in general, Origins is better.
 

Jellepepe ツ
1,260 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.5 hrs on record
Posted: 11 April, 2021
This is an enjoyable game. A lot of other reviews are saying that this is bad for an assassin's creed game, but this is my first assassin's creed game, so I cannot compare it to others in the series

I enjoyed this a lot. The fighting gets pretty easy, but that might be my fault, because I am at a high level for what part of the story I am at (I keep putting off the main story). The parkour occasionally feels a little bit janky, but it is mostly smooth. The quests are enjoyable, and I like that you can approach them the way you want :D

The graphics are really pretty, and make the city feel more alive. Also, the city itself is fun to explore and play in. It provides so many nice hiding spots to throw knives from and a lot of space to hide from enemies in.

I recommend this a lot. It is fun :)
 

Ash0100
103 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: 26 July, 2020
I kinda fell out of Assassins Creed for a bit, then Origins brought me back to the series. I happened to play Syndicate after completing Origins and Odyssey so I was missing the new mechanics which I felt were much better. However Syndicate is a good AC game, and I had missed the good old Assassins Vs Templars rivalry.

While this game is a bit old, its still a great game to explore. I initially avoided it as I am not a big fan of the time period that was the focal point of this game, but was pleasantly surprised when I played it. As usual its was relatively easy to master the game and along with it classic AC mechanics were fun to exploit. The world is pretty immersive and while I do wish the map was larger , there is still a lot of cool areas to explore and discover. The Victorian/industrial era vision has been beautifully captured by the developers and you really get into the environment as time passes.

But best of all, its got a good story and some memorable and lovable characters which makes it worth your while. There are aspects of the game that are repetitive and monotonous though. Certain activities are just rinse and repeat ones and gets boring over time.
 

Overdog
69 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2020
Gameplay-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Okay
☐ Bad

Graphics-
☐ Masterpiece
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful

Audio
☐ Amazing
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad

Audience
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone

Story-
☐ Lovely
☑ Good
☐ Average
☐ Not great
☐ None

Difficult-
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

Grind-
☐ Nothing
☐ Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Insanity

Game Time-
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☑ Depends on you
☐ Endless

Price
☐ Just buy it
☐ Worth the price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended

Fun game wait for a sale to to buy the gold edition so you can play the last maharaja and jack the ripper does overall 7.5/10
 

DJ Professor Perc
345 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2016
Blows away Unity tenfold. i even liberated all the boroughs and still was not bored of it
 

Zælisia
723 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2015
Finally. This has such a good mix of fun, systems and style. This game is a lot of fun to play. Fighting is more brutail, more bare knuckle. Less style than swordplay of the previous. Story is great so far. The time period is one of my favorites, and the fact that your home base is a moving train adds an element of immersion. Being able to even sit back and watch the sights was a cool treat as well. The gameplay is great. Less buggy and more stable than Unity. The rope launcher is awesome. It's nice to kill a templar surrounded by others blinded by smoke and zooming out of there in a moments notice. It's more automatic and adds to the excitment. And latesly the timescale is a welcome change. It was odd in previous games to have to set the time of day via the options. Seeing London at night was my favorite. 9/10
 

DerElectroPrinz
426 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.6 hrs on record
Posted: 26 December, 2016
I was very skeptical purchasing another AC game after Unity was such a disapointment. After asking for my friend how he liked this, his respond was to shrug and to say "at least it was better than Unity".

Well I got it on sale and played it for myself. Very glad I did! I experienced the crashing problem a lot of people are complaining about, but it can be fixed by not playing in full screen. Also, if you use dual-monitors, the game might not like that.

Another disapointment was the fact that I have a decent computer, and had to play on medium graphics just to get 45 frames. For a lot of people this is unacceptable, but I don't mind the graphical difference too much.

PROS:
-The fighting system is more advanced and more challenging.
-London and the different boroughs are beautfiul and the layout is well thought out.
-Story is interesting enough to keep interest the whole way through.
-Gang mechanic similar to Saints Row 1 and 2. If you liked those games, you'll probably like this.
-Fleshes out the backstory of the modern day assassins.

CONS
-Crashing problems (fixable).
-Taking over teritories can't get grindy.
-Main story is relatively short if you do no side missions.

Overall 7.5/10, better than 3, not as good as 4.
 

Cpottzy
191 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
77.2 hrs on record
Posted: 30 November, 2015
I don't understand why there's so many positive reviews, this game is broken, I cannot complete the game because failing 1 mission sends me back from sequence 8 to 6, due to a loading screen/savepoint bug and it's not the first time it's happened.

So far, I've tried to enjoy it, but the game breaking bugs are very, and I repeat very bad.

Can Ubisoft please get their **** together? They're a big company, this is unacceptable for a company of their status.

This had some potential, and they blew it, I do not recommend buying this game, at all.
 

Mars
974 products in account
19
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2021
The world is beautiful
Parkour is okay
Story is okay so far, but idc for any of the characters
A.I. is very dumb
Combat is okay, I guess

Would I recommend playing this? If it's on sale, go for it. If not, look elsewhere.

Overall, 6.5/10
 

Caleb
47 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
104.4 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2017
so i fixed the crash, if u guys have crash that says "acs stop working" look for malwares on your pc pr just do clean install of your windows, it works for me. the game is good though not my most favourite assasin's creed franchise, but its still very fun to play. the fight mechanic is good and missions and sides mission are a lot, lots of building to climb. and the rope gun, rope gun is unnecessary
 

dienskies
74 products in account
3
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2015
I have no idea why it doesn't work, but every time I tried to launch the game, it would just crash. I hear it's a common problem with Windows 10 Pro users, but come on Ubisoft, you are a multi-million dollar company and you don't know how to properly test a full game release? (I was going to say multi-billion, then I googled the company)
 

LeCO
89 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
117.4 hrs on record
Posted: 15 June, 2016
Glitches here and there. However it is, in my opinion, the best Assassin's Creed thus far. Also before some fans boys try to ♥♥♥♥ me, yes I've played all of them. If you run a Nividia graphics card, I definitely recommend that you optimize it. I highly recommend this game.
 

The Ninth Hawk
56 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
88.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 May, 2016
Best story and gameplay ever since Brotherhood I would say.

However, I was really fed up with the crash at the end of each sequence.

The current time story is a bit of waste after AC3, it carries me away from the story all the time.
 

jyl1135
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 December, 2016
I haven't played an assassin's creed game since 3 and that was the one that ruined it for me but i saw how bad ac unity did and was glad i didn't get it. now on to syndicate; i am writing this review with only an hour into the game and its actually really good. i like the combat flow of this one more than the previous titles. if youre not sure about this game because its assassins creed and ubisoft so far the only flaw i have came across is micro-transactions
 

Jesus Cries
501 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2015
Product refunded

It all started well enough. I got through the first stylish menu screen listening to a very nice piece of music, and the little intro cinematic wasn't too shabby either. But after that it was as if I’d somehow caught the fast train to hell. Through all the smoke and graphical glitches I could, with some effort on my part, perceive child labour and mediocre living standards. The whole experience was a bit vague since the walls, and the floor keep flashing out of and into existence.

So after several crashes and a complete reboot of my computer I've come to the conclusion that this game is not to be recommended. Period.

10/10 would get my money back again!
 

CupCakeKiller
126 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
98.9 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
Leagues better than Unity. Good work Ubisoft.
 

Ainastrasza
447 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
52.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 October, 2020
solid 2d platformer
 

crelch
104 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.1 hrs on record
Posted: 30 September, 2017
Terrible. I am not reccomending this game to anyone until someone gives me a solution to this dysfuctional ass game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashes evertime I try to load into it. dont. buy. this. game
 

Cool Gamer
53 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 October, 2019
Very underrated.
 

VIP
375 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 August, 2020
It's fun to see old timy London
 

MrPieFlavour
47 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 January, 2020
So this review has some mixed feelings... i LOVE the game and everything about it, the mechanics, scenery, characters, and the emotions that it displays.... which you'd think is just about everything right? WRONG. this games graphics made my RTX 2080 short when i know for a fact i wasnt even using 3/4's of my Vram.
 

SETH28
246 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.2 hrs on record
Posted: 20 February, 2019
Disclaimer: This is the first and therefore only Assassin's Creed game I have played so far and I cannot say how it compares to other games of the series.

I enjoyed this game way more than I anticipated. It basically follows the same gameplay formula other games in this genre (Batman, Shadow of Mordor, other AC Games) have adapted. You have a big open world in which you can more or less freely choose what missions to do. In this game you have a lot of missions that are not strictly needed to complete the game, but many of them are actually a lot of fun. (Which is different to e.g. Batman: Arkham Origins, where I found the side missions to be pretty boring.)
I also really like the balance between stealth gamplay and just straight up face to face combat. You can just go in guns blazing from a certain point onward, but the stealth options are usually quite fun and are often needed if you want to complete optional objectives.

Pros:
+ big, beautiful open world, very rich on details
+ graphics in general are pretty damn good, especially for 2015
+ gameplay is very polished and fun
+ the main characters are interesting and the gameplay split between them works pretty well

Cons:
- story is really nothing special
- villains are pretty one dimensional
- gameplay with the gangs in the game could be more defined (I very rarely used the gang related mechanics)
- a few bugs here and there

All in all I really enjoyed this game and can only recommend checking it out, if you like action games, even if this one doesn't have a lot of depth.

7/10 points

PS: I actually liked the DLCs aswell (again more than I anticipated). Especially the "Jack the Ripper" is very cool. But unfortunately all of the DLC (at least for me, may differ from your game) have been riddled with bugs, some of them of the game-breaking sort.
 

Noncenc
236 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: 13 January, 2017
I only recommend it if you are less than 14 yo or a big fan of Assassin's Creed and want to know more.
London is complete and perfectly made, but nothing very interesting happen, some important characters appears, like Charles Dickens, Karl Marx, Charles Darwin, but they just gave you quest, they're not very important.
 

Dwight Schrute
459 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.2 hrs on record
Posted: 16 March, 2017
It's not the best AC clearly, but is the most bugless and playable one.
The screen of the game is great and brings me back to the 19 century London, which is why I always love AC. Two playable characters are interesting but unfortunately quite the same except some attack styles and of course gender, which means if u like to act as a female such as Lara Croft, u will like it. The story however is cliché, just like other Ubi open-world games.
 

Qeteshptah
224 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: 12 April, 2019
fav assassins creed game
 

bshane1990
135 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
88.1 hrs on record
Posted: 21 December, 2016
Best AC yet , as much as i liked the ships in rouge and Black Flag i am glad there not in this AC :)

The Grappling hook makes the game so much more fun and using the horse carts to get around is fun
 

#GLOCK-23
294 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March, 2016
What I disliked about ACS is that IT WOULDN'T START UP. It would be stuck at the loading screen and it would just never load. PLEASE FIX!
 

oog
117 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.1 hrs on record
Posted: 17 February, 2020
Graphics were great. Seems better optimized than AC Unity. Love the color palette. You can tell that in 2015 many developers switched to a wider color range.
 

Eisenberg73
108 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: 16 February
You can kill 2 bad guys at the same time, pretty dope, me thinks
 

CG Gaming | KingYakko5991
109 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.8 hrs on record
Posted: 12 May, 2019
Wasn't to far bad, It's a pretty long game. Mechanics are still clunky and some outfits are glitchy, Other then that the story is pretty ok with like able characters
 

fourwheelerjock
85 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 March, 2020
klkml
 

the_one1_400
98 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2019
noice
 

PineCheeseBacon
49 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.5 hrs on record
Posted: 11 July, 2016
One of the best AC games ever made!

Beautiful Graphics, awesome rebuild London, funny Characters, nice level system and the best new item which I now miss in every other AC:
The grappling hook.

Played alot longer than i would have needed to finish, just because i didn't want it to end :)
 

Opfertroll
238 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: 19 September, 2018
I am an armenian. So my region is set to that, when i got this game and opened it, it was in russian. There was no reason for it to be in russain. Further more, i can't change the language, i even went through the files. In the sound file there were no english files only russian.
 

Snoop
52 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: 4 August, 2020
Came off of Black Flag and was hoping this would make improvements on some of the problems since it was made 2 years later......... Silly me, Ubisoft doesn't make games better they just make the same game 10,000 times yet never get the basics right.
The difference in weapons and the grappling hook were very nice but that is where it ends.
-Good graphics don't mean donkey when you got nothing else right
-The two character are only barely different in play style but now you get to spend 2x as long leveling up both characters.
-You are now FORCED to do all the monotonous time waster collectathons because now they give the xp you need to level up which you have to do because enemies will be impossible to kill if they are several levels above you.
-The story is utter twattle and comes to a load of nothing.
-Both characters are muppets and unlikable, who don't get along and won't work together despite being 2 people against an entire organization that has been in london for hundreds of years and controls it.
-Enemies all know you despite never seeing you before and will call you out on the street and just attack you.
-The parkor system seems to have been made worse and I found myself getting caught, killed, or loosing targets because the characters won't climb down something unless you go through a 10 step program.
-Simple actions take way long in what I guess is yet another time waster attempt.
-Killing takes longer and it is combined with a worse dodge and block system.
-Ubisoft proves yet again that they are utterly incompetent at optimizing anything they make, as my game despite being on optimal settings with a top of the line pc was glitching and lagging all over the place.
-Yet another example of the trash that comes out when a company just vomits games out every year and doesn't give the teams time to make something great.

I only got this because it was a couple bucks and even with that I want my money back.
 

Eateroftheworld
225 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: 4 December, 2019
awesome game
 

SUPER
28 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: 7 February, 2016
It's like peakyblinders and ripper street with assassins
 

Sovereign
1,266 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.1 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2016
Better performance and combat system than Unity which is suckkkk
 

Chaska
158 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
303.8 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2020
Great variety of missions. Two character development unique and enjoyable. Tip: level up slowly.
 

eric.sanne
59 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.4 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2020
egg
 

Parsley
47 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 July, 2020
massive frame rate drops and crashes plus freezing on medium settings. I use an i5, a 1060 graphics card and 8gb of ram. so not a crap set up, very poor port.
 

Crazyarmadill0
91 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: 9 November, 2019
Its a good game not as good as black flag. I enjoy the rooks and Jacob is a fun character. Both of the Frye twins are suited to different playstyles. Jacob is suited for a heads on approach of getting into fights and kicking the ♥♥♥♥ out of people. Evie is more suited towards stealth and planning out combat. I prefer Jacob even though i play him a bit more stealthy than he actually is.
 

Friendly Potato
260 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: 4 October, 2017
I briefly summarize the game;

Positive (+)

+Nice Graphic
+Story
+Big map (my favorite)
+Human mechanics
+Musics
+Fighting mechanics
+Nvidia HBAO+ and PCSS+ technology

Negative (-)

-Horse driving mechanism
-Synchronization with UPlay (the slowest application I've ever seen)
-No achievement

Performance

The game has been played on Msi Geforce GTX 1060 (6G Version) with i5 7400,16 gb Ram and Windows 10 Pro.I tried the game on 1920x1080 Ultra High Settings (HBAO+ , PCSS+) easily openned 60 FPS. (Nvidia HBAO+ and PCSS+ really nice tecnology, but it consumes a lot of ram)
 

€fe
64 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: 11 December, 2017
Overall score: 6/10
Technically recommended, although it’s defenitely not the best Assassin’s Creed game.

First, the good...

Gameplay - 9/10
A lot of fun and makes the game actually worth playing. It has enough variety for a truly assassin oriented game, in order to not feel excessively repetitive. I honestly didn’t feel that the controls during combat and free-running/parkour were any clunkier than they usually are in an Assassin’s Creed game - although this has always annoyed me. The combat system is not the best in the franchise, but also not the worst, and it’s very easy to master. It is, at times, pretty frustrating because it can be unresponsive - more so than in previous installments. For some reason triggering finishers, especially group finishers, is hard to achieve. The movements are very fast, which I like, but the combat animations themselves as well as the ragdoll physics aren’t the best, and there is almost no blood. The stealth system is fun and easy. The parkour system is also excellent, even better with the ability to zipline between the enormous buildings, making exploration both fun and immersive. The rope launcher also adds a really cool stealth mechanic with the ability to return to rooftops extremely quickly after swooping down for stealthy air assassinations.

Graphics - 8/10
Although not as high quality as Unity, I still found the graphics of this game to be really nice for a 2015 game (excluding Witcher 3).

Performance - 8/10
Decent performance given the quality of the graphics, with occasional frame drops and very short, temporary freezes only in demanding combat situations. However, my graphics card being six years old, this was actually surprisingly better than expected. I think the game has been decently optimized but it could be better.

Setting/Time Period - 7/10
Victorian England, from the surroundings to the people all around, felt extremely immersive. London is an absolute pleasure to explore, with realistically sized buildings that really make you feel you are there. However, the time period itself is not exactly the most exciting one in the franchise and also the somber looking city, accurately portrayed for its time period, is not the most beautiful to look at.

Soundtrack - 9/10
Beautiful and appropriate for the setting. Unlike other assassin’s creed games, the songs are actually new instead of being recycled versions of the same Assassin’s Creed II melody.

And now the really, really bad...

Plot - 0/10
Probably the worst plot in the entire assassin’s creed franchise. Contrived, predictable, illogical and boring. Throughout the story, the male protagonist is demeaned as much as possible in order to exalt the female protagonist as much as possible in exchange, with very forced, obvious tropes all over. The entire story felt more like a parody or a mockery of the franchise, especially of its own main character featured in the game’s cinematic trailer. There were numerous missed opportunities to improve his character development. Having dual protagonists was terribly executed. Greatly disappointing.

Characters - 4/10
The male protagonist, Jacob Frye, is a deeply flawed, relatable, fun assassin, with an amazing sense of humor, sharp wit, upbeat attitude and really badass, lore friendly skills. Overall, he is a breath of fresh air among too many uptight, serious, boring characters. He is also young, reckless, immature, brash, cocky, rebellious and appears to be the black sheep of his family. He has serious father issues. Like all trained assassins, Jacob is adept at stealth, but he doesn’t actually excel at it - he does, however, excel greatly in combat. He is thrilled at being an assassin and is very enthusiastic about it, unlike many other assassin’s creed protagonists. Jacob’s voice actor is amazing. As a character, Jacob Frye is on par with Edward Kenway of Assasin’s Creed IV Black Flag due to having very similar personality traits and character flaws. However, in this story he is portrayed horribly, unfortunately, and because the plot and the writing in general were so bad, his character development was seriously hampered. He is portrayed as the cliched “dumb little brother” of the female protagonist, Evie Frye, who in turn is portrayed as the cliched know-it-all “wise older sister” - and they’re twins. In contrast to Jacob, Evie has absolutely NO character flaws whatsoever and is the “best” at everything. She has the wisdom of an assassin Mentor when she’s just as young as Jacob, who she treats like garbage constantly. She has a ridiculously overpowered invisibility skill that is totally anti-lore and unexplained. She has no personality and is constantly getting highly praised by tons of characters and is liked by everyone that isn’t an antagonist - in other words, she’s a Mary Sue. All the flaws went to the male and none to the female. As a woman who strongly believes in gender equality, I was very disappointed. The assassin’s creed franchise needs realistic and believable female protagonists with flaws, complexity, and a personality. Lastly, in this game there is also a complete absence of interesting and memorable side characters and villains. The main villain, Crawford Starrick, was very generic. Only Jacob Frye contrasted all the boring, contrived, one-dimensional characters.

So, in conclusion...

If you play Assassin’s Creed games for the gameplay and immersion and NOT for the story or characters, by all means, play this game - it’s a lot of fun! But if you need a well written story that actually makes sense, doesn’t put you to sleep, and has memorable characters, play Black Flag or the Ezio trilogy instead.
 

菲爾 | Phil
424 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: 30 April, 2020
Its pretty mediocre I suppose.
 

Conor
177 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: 30 April, 2020
good feel game
 

Ephraim prince
20 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: 13 April, 2020
mhm
 

Soju
67 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
56.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 August, 2016
Next big thing after Assassin's Creed II. Recommend.
 

azzzzzu
25 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.6 hrs on record
Posted: 2 December, 2015
The side quests are pretty interesting
 

teemi
156 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.3 hrs on record
Posted: 23 January
I'm not gonna lie, Evie Frye is hot
 

Chaos 混沌 カオス
48 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 May, 2020
terribly optimized, rtx 2080 and im getting sub-60fps at times @1440p (for reference, 90fps avgd for origins, 1440p). story and gameplay hold up fine tho, but parkour is tedious at times, cutting off a lot of freedom for u. in general, unoptimized but playable, and has the elements of conventional AC games too
 

Rafat200
325 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
213.6 hrs on record
Posted: 21 June, 2016
A third person action adventure with stealth elements average story.

AND BUGS (few game breakers like refusing to run period ) AND SHALLOW SEASON PASS SELLING DLC GALOR
(p.s the only dlc that will last you more that an hour is jack the ripper)

Oh wait this is a game in the 2010 decade

I mean did i enjoy it. yes
Was it fun . when it worked and it didn't screw me over.... Yes

Do you recomend it......
Hell no to the no no no
 

Darkwater-2034
99 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: 9 January, 2017
I love the characters, and the story is decent, but I just hate the actual gameplay so much I will likely never load this game up again. The controls are unintuitive and frequently unresponsive, with a character just plain refusing to follow your directions at the worst possible moment. Trying to be stealthy? Sorry, Evie/Jacob has now decided to stand on a ledge in full view of the enemy and refuses to move in any direction. Oh look, now you're dead. Again. Even towards the beginning of the game when you needed to climb out of a collapsed elevator shaft, I just plain could not get the controls to work; I was eventually reduced to just hitting a bunch of keys at random, and somehow managed to get out after about 15 minutes of random flailing - and still have no idea what actually worked.

And I really, really did try to like this game. I pushed through for a solid 9 hours in the desperate hope that it would get better, because as mentioned, Evie and Jacob are great, and I loved what I saw of their bantering. But the gameplay is just. that. HORRIBLE.
 

alakuriel
109 products in account
4
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2018
Product refunded

Having not played an AC game in a while I wondered why they were making huge changes to the formula with Origins and now Odyssey. Now I know. Syndicate is slow, dull, has trash AI, and is a laughing stock of a stealth game. It's like it doesnt know what it wants to be anymore, seemingly desiring to be an action game while still leaving a bunch of half hearted stealth elements that are put to shame by games like Shadow of War of Deus Ex.... And those are the games that have dodgy stealth! It doesn't help that the parkour feels slow, like you're steering a boat rather than an agile assassin. Maybe its playing too many other games, but man I want to be leaping up walls and dashing around obsticles, not slowly crawling over all of them. Point being, this is AC at its worst since it's still sticking to its old formula while trying to move into a more action focused experience, and as a result it fails at both.
 

Daradain
208 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: 2 April, 2019
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL

ESPECIALLY JACOB
 

SΛD SΛTΛN
204 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: 15 February, 2021
classic, game mechanics are lit.
 

BeastWondpro
27 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2020
Assassin's creed syndicate, If you are new to the franchise i would 100% recommend this game, this game offers fast moving and flowey story line.
 

Rousey
35 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March, 2016
I bought this game because I saw it was on sale. After trying to launch the game an icon popped up on my screen with an "A" and some gears in the background. It has been like this for 20 mins HALP
 

DemWafflezTho
38 products in account
4
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: 16 December, 2021
I now own it here on Steam too.
 

piggyPie
330 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.0 hrs on record
Posted: 2 June, 2021
Its OK.
Graphics are good.
Combat is OK.
Story is decent.
Characters are good.

If you're an AC fan, you probably already bought it. If you're not get it on a sale or something.
 

g0
1,254 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 December, 2016
Would not work on my computer alwayssays its a problem with steam but I spen 20 dollars on this game i either expect a refund or for it to work on pc
 

folliskid
7 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: 9 February, 2021
I am an old fan of AC. I first played it when i was 5 years old, AC 2. To play this game, I can feel all the nostalgia I had, be on me. This game is revolutionary, The semi RPG/Crafting and upgrading system can be a little bit of a headache, but it was something new that the Guys at Ubi tried. And they nailed it perfectly in this game, unlike Odyssey, This game is an almost perfect balance of RPG (the crafting, stats with items you either buy or craft, multiple weapons and cloth choice which you can buy and need to have an level to even use it) with the plain old AC formula, added a little bit with the mechanics from AC Unity but a little bit Tweaked.


The parkour, was dissapointing, to say the least. The Parkour was tweaked and was in end killed, you cannot jump or fall to your death, because your own mistake, you can't also jump from somewhere low to land on the ground faster. You now have to use a Rope Launcher to move faster.


The new system with points could've been better, BUT it's great, if you are looking for a good ac which is balanced, you could try unity but this is Syndicate we are talking about. If you want to level up you need to spend your points on abilities which you only get only some skills.


The game could've done better, but it's good as the last Balanced AC game. You should buy the game :))
 

The Assasin Of Games
42 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2021
This is the last good assassins creed game if you like the franchise this is a must play
 

JustTay1238
42 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.5 hrs on record
Posted: 27 November, 2015
Stunning graphics, great combat and item system similar to the batman franchise. The story moves a little slow but is quite decent and there is a lot to do and see. Great character customization and I like having two characters. I love Assassin's Creed, but the last few have been sub par, but not this one. Also don't forget to pick up the two free customs!
 

Lostnfound
100 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.8 hrs on record
Posted: 13 January
bought it on old steam acc, received it for free on epic games. the i bought it again in this acc. play it on all three accs. one of the best ac in ac series for sure.
 

Tama
34 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
37.0 hrs on record
Posted: 15 May
London. 7.5/10
 

fex
304 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: 24 July, 2020
fun as
 

jack ginnivan
116 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2018
Fun for the first five hours.....still buy it those 5 hours did me wonders.
 

Jimmy
117 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2020
This is not an assassin simulator, it's a crash simulator
 

VibeCheck
71 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.4 hrs on record
Posted: 25 July, 2020
Great Game :D
 

Down
151 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.6 hrs on record
Posted: 17 June
the games pretty good
 

Messatsu!
25 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
65.9 hrs on record
Posted: 4 July, 2016
Lost 10 hours worth of progress due to a glitch. Atleast it did not delete my save file like Unity did.
 

Mogo
881 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
62.9 hrs on record
Posted: 1 April, 2016
dont buy this game. because it wont start. its the developer fault. i still dont know why they dont want to fix it. this is serious
 

OdInIsGoD
122 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: 5 January, 2017
Well, after the release of AC Unity and Liberation, I thought the series is about to die, but I guess I was wrong.
AC:Syndicate has changed my opinion about Ubisoft again.The game has a very nice story and no glitches as far as I have seen. Compared to AC:Unity, this game is 10 times better.
The movement system is pretty fluid and you dont get stuck every now and then. There are a lot of side missions, and it is really fun to conquer the Boroughs of London.
The story, follows the life of Jacob and Evie Frye, the twin assassins, who have come to London to help the assassins liberate it from the control of Starrick the Grand Master Templar. Rest, I guess you should get to know by yourself! Go buy one and imberse yourself in this great game! :)
 

ElNoob™
127 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: 14 April, 2016
a fantastic game. the best ac in years.
 

aaron coleman
488 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
94.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 June, 2016
Don't WASTE your money if you use Win10. It won't be work.
 

hoveraction
455 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
85.4 hrs on record
Posted: 22 March, 2016
No, unless they fix it on PC after fixing maybe. Many updates and still I can't play the game?????
 

hamad4715
90 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: 11 November, 2021
Шикарнейшая атмосфера промышленного Лондона, наряду с довольно годным сюжетом и геймплеем. А вот что происходит в современности - нихрена не понятно, какая-то дичь творится...
 

Jasper
323 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.0 hrs on record
Posted: 9 March, 2016
Hey, Ubisoft did a good this time!

Yay!
 

hex: devour soap
117 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
83.9 hrs on record
Posted: 31 July, 2018
I purchased this game as a part of Steam's Assassin's Creed bundle, back in May of this year. I have yet to be able to get it to work. I started with a video card that was quite old, and the game would run, but even on the lowest graphics settings, it was unplayable. So, I spent the money, and bought a better video card, and now the game simply crashes to desktop all the time. I'm very disappointed.

UPDATE: I filed a support ticket with Ubisoft about this issue, and they responded quickly, and professionally, and helped me resolve my issue.

I have not yet had a chance to play this game, as I am currently working through Assassin's Creed Unity. I will update again, once I have more play time on this.

A big thanks to Ubisoft, for being so responsive, and helping me resolve my issues. I wasn't expecting that at all, as my past experiences with game companies have yielded little to no results, when contacting their support teams.
 
A developer has responded to this review

creitzel
108 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
132.9 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2020
I'm still catching up on all the AC games in order, and I'd say Syndicate doesn't really stand out -- in either a good way or a bad. It has all the standard stuff I want to see in an AC game with some of the more annoying aspects of games past removed or simplified, but on the other hand it doesn't really add anything new and special. I did enjoy visiting Victorian London and meeting various historical characters, but I miss the 'home improvement' feature of previous games. Also, I've noticed a trend in the most recent AC games I've played where doing the missions provides you with such good gear so quickly that most of the purchaseable items are outclassed by the time they are affordable. Finally, although I know some people weren't too keen on it, I miss having an interactive modern setting to further the meta-plot. Overall I'd give Syndicate a solid B-.
 

Cinn
383 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.8 hrs on record
Posted: 20 June, 2016
Decided to update this review since AC Origins came out for quite some time. It this game worth buying? Yes and no. On one hand, this is a really good game, beautiful graphics and the environment is awesome, they definitelly nailded it. For someone from England iis really cool to see how everything used to look. The story is quite nice but nothing really crazy. On the other hand, it kind of didn't feel like an AC creed, and it does feel different from the others. There are also two characters, and I thought it would be awesome, but apparently Ubisoft can't handle more than one main character. Most of the action is based on Jacob and i feel like Evie was left off, even though personally i like her a bit more, when it comes to the point of the game, which is being an assassin. Overall i just wish that they would have focused more on every character. Now, is it still worth buying after AC Origins, if you want to experience something better, no, Ac Origins is definitelly better, but if you want to know how England was back then and have a different style and place, go ahead, but I would wait for a sale.

3.2 / 5
 

im.RETRO
146 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.5 hrs on record
Posted: 31 December, 2016
I'm very happy with Assassin's Creed Syndicate. The gameplay is very clean, and there are a lot of side activities that are very entertaining.
 

Whisper33526
376 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.7 hrs on record
Posted: 16 June, 2016
Great game, aside from some weird issue that didnt allow me to go pass the splash screen at first.
 

Valerian
48 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.8 hrs on record
Posted: 14 February, 2017
All in all average game, missions are repetive and two playable characters are strange choice.
Biggest mistake is probably the final boss who left much to be desired, grapling hook taken from batman fell bad and destroyed one of the fundamental thing in AC, which is scailing the towers and buildings for view points. Also with solid gun you have no need for stealth, or complex way of killing, just aim and kill.
Modern era suits AC as bad and stinky suit.
Game have some nice cameos of Qeen Victoria, Darwin and others,
Starik feel as solid villain, until you face him and you feel that more disappointed.

Next time I hope to see one solid hero intead of two mediocre ones and return into the ancient times.
6/10 or 4/10 for fans of the AC.

 

Farsight
194 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.4 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2015
I've played every Assassin's Creed and I have to say that this is by far their worst game. The freerunning mechanics have been made over complicated and unrealistic, and the optimization for the game is terrible. The cloak is locked to 30 FPS regardless of what you do and it does not support SLI. It may say it supports SLI but it doesn't. Only like 10% of your additional GPU(s) will be used, if any at all.

The game is an Assassin's Creed simulator, not anything like the previous epic stories of Ezio and Altaïr. Jacob and Evie are interesting characters but with little to offer overall. Initially you're forced to put different skills into the skill tree for each of the two characters, but eventually you'll have all the skills (potentially before reaching 40% of game completion) except for the ones locked to each character.

The NPCs in the game are a lot better, and it makes a good impression of creating a lively and vibrant world. It actually appears like every NPC is doing their own thing like normal human beings. But this doesn't compensate for the overall lack of emphasis to the story. Other characters are interesting but they die so soon and the ones that don't are the ones you don't really get to know either.
 

[82AD] barelyStable
410 products in account
3
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.1 hrs on record
Posted: 20 January, 2020
The game is good but greatest rewards and collectible rewards are really useless. By the time you get them, you're pretty much done with the game. Noone to kill, nothing to fight. Even Guards, Police and Enemies are afraid of you.

The quests are quite repetitive, it should be done once in every map instead of repeating the process over and over on some things. Collectibles are like, in total, 80-90? Beer bottles, pressed flowers, music boxes, lootboxes (golden ones) since rest are not important. You spend 25 hours playing the stories, 25 hours collecting the items.

Other than these, graphics are amazing and story is satisfying. Quests are quite unique each and enjoyable. Only Map related collectibles and territory quests are annoying. 8.5/10 would recommend buying this game even if only for the story and exploring. It even contains Charles Darwin and Karl Marx. And Queen Elizabeth in her prime. What more can you possibly ask for?
 

Laranthir ♪
221 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: 25 June, 2016
I'm assuming it would've been good but, the game won't even start. it's stucka at the logo when starting up.
 

Appa
42 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: 29 March, 2019
Product refunded

epic
 

Radio_Rabbit
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
This game is not AMD friendly. Crossfire works like crap. update needed
 

[XҚM] HΛNÐOFGØD
655 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2021
bisexual panic 10/10
 

waifuchlo
15 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.3 hrs on record
Posted: 5 February, 2017
Great game. I like the various upgrade-system, and the way you're not forced to do the different missions in a particular order. Being a fan of the period and steam punk does do it bad either.
 

Baskedyt
23 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
156.6 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May, 2016
Little hard to install. But once installed it's worth it. If you are thinking about it , defently get it !
In my opinion The story is good , and you can get slightly attached to the charecters
 

TheLazyPigeon
21 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2016
I found the game really enjoyable!
 

Jepp
185 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.2 hrs on record
Posted: 21 January
its good
 

cttntxilz_
8 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2016
Recieving a lot of crashes, thanks Ubi, you smashed my dreams again
 

Rabbit on Air <™
169 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: 12 February, 2020
This is an amazing game from playing it for only around 20 hours I have gone through a wide range of emotions, thank you Ubisoft and thank you steam
 

Holy Knight Hodrick
74 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: 6 April, 2017
this is a really good game which every1 should buy
 

conallgreen
53 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: 23 April, 2016
It's Unity but with slightly more personality from its protagonists. That's it.
 

OperatorKratos
222 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: 18 April, 2016
just got a logo :l
 

PasRah
30 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2015
After I first activated it on uplay ,played about 20 mins. Then when i start it again, it said i need to activate again. so i type the code again. But it said the code is used , i can start it in library. I then started it in uplay library. It needs the code again.so i type the code. But it said the code is used , i can start it in library. SO I CAN NEVER GET INTO THIS GAME AGAIN
 

Mingfei
119 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: 15 July, 2020
At first I didn't like the combat and that nearly through me off of it, but once I got used to it and unlocked certain skills in the tree, it was great. I highly recommend if you haven't played an Assassin's Creed game in awhile like I had.
 

Upbeat_Orange
96 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.7 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2017
Riddled with mirco transactions, XP boosts for a single player gamer? Combat is literally just mash a button, hitting the same man 20 times then occasionally push a diffrent button (turns out lethality is a thing, but the combat still never gets advanced). Combat doesn't feel fluid or satisfying its all rapid swinging and jerkyness. Performance seems not great and Uplay is still garbage.

I really miss the ability to gently push past citizens without disturbing them. I also miss being able to temporarily use large and diffrent weapons, kept the combat fresh. Gets kind of stale without it.

Almost all of the cutscences and dialouge is cringy as all hell. I can feel from playing it for a hour that the story won't be good and the characters won't be fleshed out. Im honestly getting a little upset, i keep hearing these twins go on about this "father" character over and over. Yet i sit her 8 hours in and still know nothing about him, they haven't expanded to his character at all. They just keep mentioning him over and over. Its bloody annoying.

On top of that I get very frequent freezeing and crashes. Awesome.

It seems to just get worse the more I play. I have had quite a few instances where i would go to jump off a building or a ledge and i just get stuck or glitched in it. Very distrubing, very disapointing.

The whole gang concept seems pretty cool, and some of the cosmetic choices are cool. But thats it,

Other than that, it seems like yet another unpolished release to milk a long running franchise.

So far: Awful don't even want to finish the game.

1/6
 

Hot Ross Buns
365 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2017
Fly high with rope like a spiderman. Kill peoples from above ofc its good. Carriage combat like car combat, use guns to shot those horses. Do i mention that u can hire ur gangsters to help u in combat and they actually can follow u with their own carriage/ur carriage. Either frontal or stealth approach, everything works like magic.
 

Professor Rappy
272 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: 13 December, 2015
My last review for this game was just talking about the fact that this game improved the franchise but didn't go in depth. So now I will give it the review it deserves.

Assassin's Creed Syndicate is another great entry in the series after the faulty release of Unity.
This game is much more progressive, well made, and exciting than Unity was. While we have seen amazing entries in the series before like the Ezio games and AC4 and Rogue, this game still holds the high quality standard of an Assassin's Creed Game.

In this game you play as Jacob and Evie Frye, two Assassin Twins that fight to free London from the hands of the Templars and their rival gang: The Blighters. The game ties in new features and gang wars to create a newer, fresher experience in Assassin's Creed.

Jacob Frye is a loud tough dude, doesn't stick much to subtlety or stealth.
While Evie Frye is the sneakier and more methodical character. And she isn't oversexualized or exposed like other videogame characters. No sexual moans in battle, and proper Assassin Robes that actually look like they should.

Combat is new, faster and in my opinion more fun than before. In older games we saw different kinds of enemies that you would have to use different attacks on in order to defeat. In Assassin's Creed 4 it was more Counter everyone and use tools on people that you can't counter. In this game everyone can be countered, but the new system is much better in a way that I honestly can not describe. It's just good.

This game features a leveling system which lets the player unlock perks or skills. Some of these skills are new and exclusive to this entry (like extra damage on vehicles) and some are reasonable like extra damage on throwing knives. There is one complaint that everyone seems to have, that being you have to unlock double Assassinations. There isn't really any problem with this, in fact, it is the first skill you unlock in the game, and up until that point of the game it isn't even necessary or really even able to be used, so it's just a fine way of explaining the system.

The world is big, and you can go into World War 1 [the future (at that point in time)] to live part of the life of one of the Frye twins' descendants.

The game is full of great content.
DLC:
There is quite a bit of DLC in the game, but none of it really takes away from the experience. There is a DLC of newer mission packs, and a lot of DLC for extra in game goodies, and cosmetics, none if it necessary or that big a deal.

Great Game.
 

Elidibussy
376 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.9 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2018
Gaming Essential. Immerse yourself and experience 19th Century London.
 

Cosmic Alpha
271 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.2 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
Awesome Game To add to the Assassin Creed Series might even compete with the second one for me :)
 

.tv/icalave
182 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.8 hrs on record
Posted: 14 March, 2016
its a good assassins creed game
 

abdulrhman
223 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2017
yeah,*pause* its good.
 

MΛTT
92 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: 2 February, 2021
if you want to know about Victorian london, this is the game for you
 

Kennyccc222
172 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: 16 February, 2017
Very good game, lots of little secrets and a great story, but best of all, WW1 section!
Sure it's short, but it's really good fun, would recommend to any AC or stealth game lovers
 

Logar3
78 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: 5 March, 2021
Family Friendly
 

Nukko
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: 24 March, 2016
Fun game, Almost on par with Black Flag(Ninja Pirate - not an assassin). I believe they could have done more with the game but all and all I am very happy with my purchase.

Run's okay with NV surround some FPS drops even running 780TI SLI and 47770k.

Review Disclaimer
(I am NOT an Assassin's Creed fan. I am a Black flag, Syndicate, and Rogue Fan).
I've played AC1, AC2, Brotherhood, AC3 and Unity via rentals these games didn't lure me in or keep my interest enough to play longer than an hour or two max.




 

ArieS
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 March, 2016
I like this game Because, its telling the history and whats happend in the past, i really enjoy it, its one of the best games that i am playing now, some people they dont like history and they dont like to read about it, here is one thing if we all think about whats happened in the past and what they were doing we will never find an answer how did we get here with all these technological stuff, soo Thumbs Up for the Creator of this game to bring the history back to life again.
 

Halal Embezzler
109 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.7 hrs on record
Posted: 30 July, 2020
This was the best AC game in a while. Some decent missions and choosing between characters depending on who you thought could best undertake a mission was a nice touch.
 

SpaceCowboy
36 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.7 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Great Optimizations ! Better than Unity :)
 

Ausar
377 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
198.4 hrs on record
Posted: 24 April, 2021
game is indeed poggers
 

zer0kagisa
6 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2021
If you say "Discombobulate" like in Robert Downey Junior's Sherlock Holmes every time you break someone's face in, it can be quite fun.
Otherwise, its the same nonsense you'd expect from a 'culturally diverse' AC game.
 

Alexander Empyre
194 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.6 hrs on record
Posted: 24 October, 2020
IT'S CHEWSDAY INNIT?
 

iNDiGO
283 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.9 hrs on record
Posted: 31 January, 2017
Already finished the game, there were a lot of things to do. As first i felt little boring because i don't know what to do, but after that i couldn't stop playing ( 8 hours a day) plus the story is very good! 10/10
 

DavyJonesOnWeed
105 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.6 hrs on record
Posted: 18 September, 2017
Recommendation good game
 

ASs^CR
70 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2017
So, here's another Assassin's Creed game.
I think I'm awfully late to write a review but anway here it is.
There a pair of siblings.
They fight for ~♥♥♥♥ I forgot~
They end up winning (oh wait that's not obvious)
Set in England?
Overall a better game than Unity.
But it obviously doesn't have enough content to make up for its price tag at first. (lol 60USD what)
Though I say it's a better game than Unity, it's not all that much better.
Black Flag remains to be my favourite game in the franchise.
 

almal
165 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: 3 June
By a mile the worst Assassin's Creed i've played, the setting is cool and graphics are awesome for its time, but holy ♥♥♥♥ the amount of times i've had to combo someone 60 times before he dies is just too insane, enemies have to much health and all im doing is just bashing their head against the wall for 45 seconds straight.

Ontop of that the amount of bugs, is just crazy. Some are fun but others litteraly just makes you wanna close and uninstall the game, story is also meh so far ngl. Don't know if i can motivate myself to finish this one.
 

My liver is fine mom dont judge
308 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2017
DISSAPOINTING. I really loved the original AC's, but this is a dissapointment. it's like this was a phone app that was an attempt at an AC game.

All anamation is lacking (running, walking, fighting, freerunning), there's freaking in game purchasing which should never exist, the story goes nowhere, it doesn't tie into the previous AC's, the game dialogue is terrible.

Don't buy this, it's a dissapointment to the Assassins Creed games.
 

MiisTaH_GoMeS_x
334 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
Assassin's Creed Syndicate - Where the game teaches guys that it's OKAY to beat up and kidnap women.
-w-
 

¡ThξJokΞrª♛
442 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.2 hrs on record
Posted: 24 December, 2017
It's a good game. I bought it 2 yrs ago and couldn't play it cause my specs couldn't follow. I think it's not optimized enough for AMD platforms. But the actual game is great and I love it as a fan and a gamer.
 

legalize_marijuana
34 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.9 hrs on record
Posted: 16 May, 2018
Love the Assassin's Creed games and this one is a great addition to them.
 

Chonk
167 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
57.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2016
I like playing this game just to wander around Victorian London.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on The Mall just in front of Buckingham Palace ads a touch of realism...
 

SzyKo
71 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: 7 July, 2021
who cares what I think just play the ting
 

Timmo
99 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 July, 2021
pretty lit
 

Fergus
139 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2015
i have been wary of the new assasin's creed games the last one i had played was 3 and i was dissappointed in it. i had loved the ezio trilogy but so far syndicate is pretty good. i will edit this reveiw when i play more of the game.
 

Spidermonkey508
118 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.0 hrs on record
Posted: 8 July, 2020
75/100 good, just no AC4
Playthrough ~40-45 hours ..78% Completion
(all Skills/Perks maxed + Lv.9 weapons)

>>>Scroll down for AC-series Overview<<<

Decent game, but nothing stunning.
Combat is better than AC:Unity.. not hard though^^
Still behind AC:4 and AC:Rogue!! ..Reasons:
- Those stupid forced Carriage-fights are annoying as hell.
- Again, some Ubisoft developers wanted to re-invent the wheel..
thought it´s cool to hit enemies 5-10x till they finally die.. extremely unrealistic
(this can only be changed once you´re Lv.8+ and have all combat perks.. at that point the fun is back^^)
- some Story-parts and Side-quests are quite restricted
- the END is ok, but a bit unfulfilling

-> On a sidenote, while Syndicate has definitely a good atmosphere, even at very high in 60fps.. it looks sometimes bland and blurry with all those special effects.. I miss the clear sharp visuals of AC:4 and AC:Rogue ;(

->> SUMMARY:
Buy in SALE! Still a good AC-game and despite some flaws ~50hours fun ;D

***************************************************
Curious about other Assassin´s Creed -titles worth a buy ??
Here you go..

For me.. the original AssassinsCreed was nice, but restricted, that´s why I´d only suggest it to hardcore-fans that played at least AC:2 + Brotherhood ;)
AC:2 +DLCs (Ezio Trilogy) was by far the best experience.
AC:3 was pale.. took me time to enjoy playing with axes and some combat-decisions.
AC:4 is just great out of the box. Plays similar to Ezio-Trilogy plus additional ships, cannons and seafights. Also the big majority of the AC-playerbase loved it...
AC:Rogue feels like the optimized version of AC:4.. just way more exploration instead of occupying a city ;)

Now.. AC:Unity failed very hard when it released.. it had tons of issues. Actually, I just bought it recently in SALE, but it feels forced.. also combat is quite bad - at least not enjoyable.

AC:Syndicate delivers what everyone was waiting for.. not perfectly, but quite well. The story, the setting, it´s just fun to play. Also seems it was the last real AssassinsCreed game worth of the name ^^

And the latest ACs are just overprized and don´t even run 60fps in high/very high unless you invest a fortune. Even my 1 year old Geforce (already Turing) has trouble in 1080p.. this is a joke. Gameplay-wise the new titles are also more ShadowsOfMordor 1+2 than real stealthy killing.
AC:Origins plays very different and does not really feel like AC anymore. Stealth is a joke!
AC:Odyssey is a worse version of AC:4.. only a different setting and new combat mechanics ;(
AC:Valhalla ..well, as it shows, it will be another flop.. ;((
 

wespe___o=/;;;:*
203 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
107.9 hrs on record
Posted: 18 March, 2016
I've been busy working with my gang so I'm going to give my early impresions.

Wow the gameplay is buttery smooth! I got into AC recently starting with Black Flag and then the Ezio Trilogy and the movement is flows really well. Some vets may not like it but you use more buttons now for the free running as opposed to Black Flag/Rogue where you use only 1 button to free run. This uses 2 for the free running whether you want to go up or down so you should have more control on your movement. The story is not the greatest since it's relatively safe so it's not the greatest story in the world but it makes up for it with some of my favorite main chartacters in an AC since Edward Kenway and Ezio Auditore. Jacob and Evie Frye are an awesome brother and sister duo with Jacob being the less serious brother who prefers loud and proud and building up a gang and Evie being more serious with the Assassin and Templar business and prefers being stealthy and healthy. Jacob and Evie are incredibly likable and the 2 together in cutscenes I always have a chuckle with Jacob's sarcasm and not giving a crap about Templar stuff and Evie trying to be serious and get him to get it together. This is a very light hearted AC not as serious as previous titles so I like the change in direction the story takes. Not to mention. London looks beautiful in this game, The PC Version runs really good on my PC as well, so it's very well optimized. I would definitely reccommend Assassin's Creed Syndicate if Unity gave you a bad taste or if you haven't played an AC game in a long time.
 

GVO. ct
691 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
154.1 hrs on record
Posted: 3 June, 2016
this is a awsome game but sadly i cant play it becus evry time i start the game it gets stuck on the loading screen and sits there for about 2 hours.so i cant really recommend this game.

all im saying is i dont really recommend it until ubisoft fixes it.
 

Player
23 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.8 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
My first impressions: its pretty, even if you aren't on the max settings; it runs smoothly; and its immediately and noticeably less buggy than Unity was on launch. Furthermore, the story is immediately more captivating.

If somebody wants to hate this game because they didn't like Unity, fine, but 20 minutes isn't really enough time to give a comprehensive review. If you like the AC series, try it out.

There are probably bugs, but my game didn't break on launch, so this is immediately better.
If there are any big, bad bugs, Ubisoft will fix them, just like they did with Unity (which, by the way, turned out to be pretty fun after the bug fixes).
 

williad
493 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: 12 April, 2017
This in it's own simplicity is a good game! Is it a good assassins creed game? No... Unfortunately.

The story is decent, even the combat is okay, but when it comes down to player movement, its ♥♥♥♥.. I am constantly finding myself screaming at the game because my character decides to jump 90 degrees in the wrong direction.. Also this addon to the freerun mechanic where while holding shift you hold e to go down, or spacebar to go up makes it alot more inconvienent and tedious feeling to get around. Movement feels like a chore and ruins the game for me.

I can not recommend this game to anyone like me and with little paitience.

I hate to give it a thumbs down, but in terms of an assassins creed game it has gone way below my expectations, and I really wanted to like this game.
 

Biaxial
56 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: 9 December, 2016
Do I reccomend this game, No. Heres why

The game suffers from the same symptoms of other assassins creed titles and yet they seem worse in this title. The controls are not very good, often finding myself jumping onto the wrong ledges or completely jumping off the building when I am trying to climb down. Had an easier time moving around in Black Flag even with the addition of the zipline in this title. Storyline feels very basic, youre thrown into london to start a gang with all your typical repatitive gang wars that other games have done better. The combat is much less intresting than previous titles, only 3 weapons types to choose from 1 of which being nothing more than brass knuckles. There are other minor glitches and dissapointments throughout the game, all of which I would have forgiven if it wasent for the crashes. Often when the game is loading between cutscenes or before the mission reward screen pops up it will shutdown the program entirely ending with an error message. I would not buy this game if I had known how lackluster and buggy the game would be.

TL;DR - Typical assassins creed annoyances are worse this title, it crashes often, buy blackflag instead.
 

Quaaludes
100 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.7 hrs on record
Posted: 19 January
The game play is not bad, sometimes the movements kinda sucks, but overall it's fine. I love this game just because the setting is England
 

木水 Bilot
18 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.9 hrs on record
Posted: 26 April, 2016
Notice: Purchases made in this region will only receive the Russian language.
thx for this trash, i cant even choose the language. well done.
 

buzlightyear
36 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.8 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
This game is a lot better than AC:U
 

Universal101
117 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.2 hrs on record
Posted: 16 July, 2020
sometimes lag but the story of this assassin's creed is very cool and of course with the DLC. my favorite character always use is Evie. this switching character in every story is very nice i like it
 

Vax26
22 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 January, 2016
I am legitimately shocked this game has mostly positive reviews. While charming in setting and featuring two initially intriguing protagonists, the numerous bugs and clunky gameplay make this a really difficult game to recommend. Squanders a lot of potential by being, most of the time, genuinely unpleasant to play.
 

MercWorks
255 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2016
This game quite simply will bore you to death.

Positives
+ Nice recreation of London
+ Carriage riding

Negatives
- Boring combat (spam punch)
- Boring characters
- Boring dialog
- Climbing doesn't feel very fluid or exciting
- World somehow feels "empty" and uninteresting
- Capturing territories feels meaningless


The only AC in the last 5 years worth playing is Black Flag. That's it.
 

rickdeckard
158 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 March, 2016
Best Assassin's Creed game I have played to date and finished this is the 2nd one I have completed in the series next I'm moving on to Unity. Will be coming back to this after I buy the season pass played and completed game at 4k
 

Just say no to epic games store
1,200 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 October, 2020
It keeps crashing after like 10-30 min of gameplay. This never happened on xbox. Very dissappointed.
 

i dun farded
67 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: 19 October, 2020
This is an endless loop, the game will crash if you use sister
 

NINJA
22 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: 31 December, 2020
8/10
 

n
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2016
Best AC game after AC II and Brotherhood.
 

SirGrey
140 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
98.6 hrs on record
Posted: 14 July, 2017
Perfect Game, I Like It ^_^
 

Evil-Panda-01
10 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.6 hrs on record
Posted: 11 October, 2016
This is what Unity should have been all along. Lovely posh english accents mixed with an efficient, flowing city. I love Assassin's creed and I've wasted tons of hours hunting templars. Would hunt again, even without the accent.
 

Increddibelly
408 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.1 hrs on record
Posted: 25 May, 2018
If i got the be honest one of the better games i have played in 2018 atleast xD

i would rate the story 7.5/10 just because sometimes it is very lack luster and you dont know what you are really doing.

gameplay 8.5/10

overall 8/10 would be fair

 

Kim Jung Muffinski
231 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2018
Graphics: 10/10
Compatibility: 7/10 (Some issues here and there, does not run as smooth as i would like but still much better than the mess that was unity.)
Gameplay: Like every other AC game, which is for me amazing. Combat is smooth, the missions do not feel boring (offers a challange for extra xp). Overall a real joy to play.

Get it on sale. A great game if you are an AC fan :)
 

Preet
247 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.8 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2016
I'm going to give this game a 6.8/10.
It introduces some pretty great mechanics that haven't been seen in the game before, and I had a lot of fun playing it. The story, however, is extremely bland. On top of that, this game crashes so frequently that it had me pulling my hair out. There are also numerous bugs, one of which meant that I couldn't even complete a mission because a talking sequence refused to start.

I have a more detailed (and spoiler-free) review here:
http://www.tlbainterofficial.com/assassins-creed-syndicate-review/
 

TLBainter
563 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
73.4 hrs on record
Posted: 17 October, 2017
The story and main character development is really mediocre, and either always rushed or sounds fake. Support character is unsupportive. The climbing mechanic is a bore, the fighting mechanic has a lot of glitches and lags. I want to tell you more, but my English is not that good, and I don't want to spend too much time here. If you don't believe me, get this game, and see for yourself (if you enjoy it, lucky for you, you don't waste your spending). For me, this game is 5.5/10. Not below average, but not worth it.
Also just want to mention that, I finished 100% sync (not DLCs).
 

Theodore Roberts
188 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: 29 June, 2017
Game is really good and 100% worth it. If you never liked any other Assassin's Creed games you should try this out. 5 / 5
 

Kasper
20 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2017
Best assassins creed game ive seen in a long while, worth a buy
 

Tazy!
157 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
260.4 hrs on record
Posted: 8 August, 2020
Let's go through my list of ''Likes'' and ''Dislikes'' about this game. Shall we?

[Likes]
* Interesting time period
* Ability to switch between the two protagonists via the menu
* The liberating of the boroughs reminds me of when I liberated the areas in Assassin's Creed 3. Ah, the memories! This one is slightly better, though.
* The Stealth, Assistance, and Infiltration opportunities first introduced in Assassin's Creed: Unity. A real treat to see those opportunities in this, shall we say, interesting game!
*Beautiful historic landmarks!

[Dislikes]
* The combat system is, well, bullocks. I prefer the Ezio trilogy's take on the combat system.
* Lack of historical figures as Templars. I know, beggars can't be choosers, but, hey, AC3 had the closest one had to a list of ACTUAL historical people as Templars. The heck, Ubisoft Quebec!
* The player is forced to spectate during the modern day portion. What the actual f--k, Ubisoft Quebec! AC: Black Flag's may have been faceless, but, at least we DID something during the modern day portion!

I'd rate this game no more than a 7/10. Despite its major flaws that I listed, it is a pretty damn good game!
 

Zombinator1K
198 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: 5 April
­
 

Boi Genius™
455 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.6 hrs on record
Posted: 23 May, 2016
it doesn't work, once the download was over and i opened it it *beeped* and didn't load after that :/ (i updated my nvidia drives and it worked perfectly after that, it was nice after playing :) )
 

abody.ahmed59
13 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.9 hrs on record
Posted: 10 August, 2016
Surprisingly good for an Assassin's Creed game. I actually enjoyed myself from start to finish, especially after I got my grappeling hook.
 

Ezrajal
720 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2015
So far this game is pretty fun! At 40% off I think it's worth it.
 

Falacu
557 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2015
Product refunded

This is just a warning for people who have their games on a different drive from their system (C) drive. So if you're running an SSD for Windows and apps, while installing your games to a mechanical drive, you might not be able to run it without moving the audio files to your system drive (which seems to be the only fix) or installing the whole game on your system drive. To me this seems a bit sloppy not to test something like that in this day and age.

*Childish idiots, please feel free to downvote and find 'funny'.
 

SOYZUKI
173 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: 2 February, 2016
As of writing this, I haven't finished the game (Near the end), but I can surmise a recommendation for this Assassin's Creed! I do need to note that I did skip Unity (I played Rogue instead) and there might be issues/positives which I dislike/like that are present in Unity.

PROS:
+This is the most Assassin's Creed game to date. It's a sandbox and there's stuff to do in it. It reminds me a lot of Brotherhood, but with more in it.
+Combat has clutter cut out and looks brilliant as ever.
+Graphics are good. It looks like London.
+The new "zip-line" gadget which channels Batman is a welcome addition. I'm guessing somebody at Ubisoft really wanted the Hooksword to come back and meant halfway with this.
+The banter between Jacob and Evie is good. They share lines of dialog which resemble actual brother and sister conversations.
+For the majority of the game you can play as either Jacob or Evie without having to change, but, as you'll see below, this is a con when examined below the surface.

MIXED:
+/- All the historical figures in Syndicate were shoved in at the last minute. I am most certainly not the first to point this out, but it's so obvious and must be pointed out more. They all have thier moments, very bizarrely timed moments (except for the one from WWI and Karl Marx, who can best be described with a neon sign above their heads), but none have a central role to the story, such as Leonardo Da Vinci did in previous games. In an uncanny cycle, each historical figure shows up and knows Jacob and Evie, which is weird the first time and dreadfully unnerving for the rest since they are supposed to be a part of a secret order of assassins. It sucks because many of them can be outright cut out of the game and be replaced with just ONE of them. Like Leonardo, that single figure could be a mentor/friend to the assassins twins.
+/- Also, every single other character in the game other than Jacob and Evie feel tacted on. Yes, I mean EVERY other character. They are simply there to fill a reputation grind role. Oh, and if it wasn't for one good line of dialog between Ned (the transgender character) and Jacob, Ned would have been the most token character of the bunch; yet, if there was going to be a token character, it'd actually be Karl Marx, who's contribution to the game and plot are far less. It's funny because all of these characters have unique voice actors and some artist put their work into making them all look different, but, again, like the historical figures, each character has a moment here and there and each can be replaced by just one.
+/- There aren't enough side missions when conquering London. Sure, there are enough to make it fun, but I feel like there should have been more considering there's a scene set in... Well look below, it might be a spoiler, but it won't be if you actually think about it.

CONS:
-No co-op. You'll understand why this is a major issue because....
-....the difference between playing Jacob and Evie is almost nill. Both have 3 perks which are exclusive to that character and, as I discovered when unlocking them, the only good ones are with Jacob because they relate directly to combat. Evie's relate to stealth, yet stealth has never been difficult or important in Assassin's Creed, which is a tad ironic if you think about it.
-There are collision bugs here and there. Within the first 10 minutes of playing, I managed to accidental get Jacob stuck in the ground.
-The chases in this game are utter garbage and poorly designed. Tell me if this sounds logical: A child below the age of 10, a woman w/ heels who was hypnotized, and a man who did not have a head start can OUTRUN Jacob for several minutes. It doesn't.
-Ubisoft, please... STOP IT WITH THE FRIGGIN' FUTURE STORY! I do not care for those two idiots who helped Desmond and Lucy. They aren't well written. They aren't important. They aren't fun. THEY ARE BLOODY USELESS! I thought the future plot in Rogue was bad, but Syndicate takes the cake because it really, REALLY feels stitched on to an otherwise okay plot set in London.
-Okay, this might be a little spoiler. You have been warned. Anyway, at one point you see a tear in the simulation (damn you real world!) that leads to a future setting: World War I. Sounds good, right? It isn't, because it's SOLE purpose is to, you guessed it, tie in MORE future stuff. Remember that woman from AC3? Juno was her name, and she's now some machine spirit in the internet. She shows up, explains what she's done (aka stuff you already know and don't care about) and you kill the Sage from AC 4: Black Flag again. That's it. There's no purpose for going to World War I other than getting more terrible exposition you already know from a character nobody cares about.

In conclusion, the majority of issues that I personally had with this game can be summed up as: Ubisoft, stop it with the future ♥♥♥♥ because nobody likes it.
 

A Talking Shark
577 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.9 hrs on record
Posted: 10 May
This is probably the best experience you might get out of a Game Factory like Ubisoft squeezing every last drop of life out of a series, which still isn't worth the trouble. The highlight of this game is the grappling hook and how hilariously mismatched the game's "Template Situations" can be to the story. Every character and NPC, and even the player character, will activate their generic response no matter the situation. Helping a drunk friend home? Well, that uses the Kidnap mechanic to escort him, so you have to whisper a death threat to him out of nowhere. Just murdered a crowd of Blighters with a gang member? He'll yell at you for robbing the corpses that he just helped you make.
The game also lacks extremely basic, simple, easy-to-implement Quality of Life. You can only place one map marker, and it's extremely finnicky to place on a landmark and feels shoddy overall. If you fast travel after marking a spot, it just completely removes it. Whistling while hanging off a dock will lure an enemy who walks over and immediately falls off and dies of their own accord. An entire boss sequence can be skipped by shooting them repeatedly. Duleep Singh can softlock the game on several occasions. Despite the game only being from 2015, all online services are discontinued. The Gold Edition includes all DLC, except it doesn't, because one DLC is just missing because they feel like it. The reward for finding 32 music boxes scattered around the city with no indicators is an ugly white dress with mediocre effects for Evie. The reward for finding only 20 bottles, which you can buy a map for, gives you the best belt in the game for Jacob.
Evie's voice acting is about as energetic as a dead turtle, and her entire personality is "Do-gooder" with the occasional uncharacteristic sarcasm thrown in out of nowhere.
I spent 31 hours going Completionist on this game and I can't even be bothered to finish the stale, dry breadcrumb of a main storyline anymore. Just play AC 2 and Brotherhood, or Black Flag.
 

Sclort Shuntnug
191 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: 21 May, 2019
One of the more enjoyable AC games out there. Try it.
 

Adrian
392 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.6 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2020
I really like Syndicate cause u can choose from two characters and the atmosphere of the old London is cool. The best - you can buy steampunk outfit :) .
 

VerkoWitch
97 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.3 hrs on record
Posted: 14 March, 2020
Oh this was FUN. I've played a couple of Assassins creed games now and even though it's 2020, this is worth playing.
 

pettersson.per
226 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.8 hrs on record
Posted: 22 May, 2018
Good game, at least it's better than the previous one. Love the story and gameplay, also the background of it (LONDON BABY).
 

Nanan
110 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2017
the game constantly crashes. don't waste your time or money and save yourself the headache and not purchase another assassins creed game!
 

bolivarvendetta
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.3 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2015
This game is awesome and cant be compared to unity .. it is running perfect and till now i find the story alot better than the one of unity + london is cool city to explore
 

Tecsy
232 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2015
This game was awesome for the hour I played it before i refunded it. I refunded it because I didn't have a good enough graphics card and the graphics were messed up. It was also very laggy. That was just my problem. If you dont't have a good enough card, I don't recomend this game. If you do, you will have an awesome time playing this.
 

Ali
40 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
The new combat system as well as the likeable protagonists breathes fresh air into the Assassin's Creed series. Runs smoothly at 60fps on GTX 970M. If you're a huge fan of the series like I am, buy it, because it's gorgeous and fun, and that's all that matters. Ignore the hate trolls.

UPDATE:
I think I'm in love with Evie. Check back later.

ANOTHER UPDATE:
Yep. Definitely in love with Evie. 10/10 would fantasize about fictional character again.
 

morungle abungle
107 products in account
5
2 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
69.3 hrs on record
Posted: 24 December, 2020
Probably the most lackluster and frankly dull AC game I've played, which is a shame because the visuals are really quite well done. Add to that incessant lag issues that make carriage-related missions a particular PITA, and it just becomes an increasingly irritating slog. With 69 hours of play, I've almost finished the game but can't stand it anymore and am uninstalling. It's like one of those books you don't know how you manged to read 90% of the way through and just want to skip to the end so you can find out what happens and then toss it aside. But you can't because, you know -- game.
 

paulhoog
281 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: 9 September, 2016
Amazing game!
First time i saw the reviews for this game, i thought it's not worth it, but apperently, the reviews aren't really helpful (at least for me).
This game is totally playable, as i saw many guys saying that it's not, but i could run it on high sittings with a decent pc, not that good, but i could run it on a decent fps.
The story-line of this game is good, but it's not the best on the serie. but the graphics, music and the map, i find them the best.
A special thanks to the devs and i hope the next Assassin's creed game will be awsome. ^_^
 

RarE^
605 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.8 hrs on record
Posted: 28 January, 2021
eh
 

SomethingRegrettable
82 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
102.5 hrs on record
Posted: 25 March, 2021
In my opinion, this is the best Assassin's Creed Game. If you've never played any of the other Assassin's Creed games, or have, I highly recommend this game
 

Extreme Shadow
60 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: 5 December, 2015
I love this game like Kanye loves Kanye.
 

Ligani
65 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: 28 January, 2020
ASSASSINO!!!!
 

Okiba^
92 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.8 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2017
Really clean hud compared to other games
 

Strikesaber3
161 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 May, 2016
So i had a long a** fu**ing time downloading the game and was so excited to play it, i get to all the Uplay Bullsh**t and on to the first loading screen (after it tells you to press any key). After almost 3 seconds the game crashes. I tried it in Windowed mode but it doesn't help. I wish they fix this soon!

needless to say I'm pis*ed. >:(
 

Dohnny Jepp
58 products in account
11
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 September, 2016
As far as the AC series goes, Black Flag is my favorite, however, this is a close 2nd. The reason this one is so good is because it is SO MUCH EASIER to free run. It's more fluid than ever, and as such, you are able to do all those cool moves you tried to do in the other AC games. I have yet to be enraged that my character jumped the opposite way than intended or just jumped off a building because I didn't have the camera positioned quite perfectly (AC1&2...). Atmosphere is good, graphics are noticably better, and I have yet to meet any glitches. It doesn't quite capture being a 'gang leader' like Black Flag captured the idea that you were a pirate on the high seas, but I will definitely be playing this a while.
 

Stranger Warkri
1,052 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: 26 October, 2020
It isn't a bad game per say, but at it's current state it's entirely unplayable. It freezes once every three minutes or so. I've looked it up and other people have had the same issues throughout the year and apparently some have had success by using older versions of nivida to play it on? Yeah no. Great game, but don't buy it.
 

Otwa
425 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: 1 October, 2017
I've bought this game during a sale. Payed $15.99, and I am still disappointed. I gave it the good old college try but got about 4 hours in before getting sick to my stomach from enduring it.
There are four factors that can sum up my experience with this game.

1) The Writing: Absolutely horrendous and lazy. "Too many cooks spoils the broth" as they say, as the writing makes this game seem more like a fan-fiction, than a triple-A title. The thoughts and plot devices connecting each of the missions are incredibly, weak and paper thin. It makes it obvious most of the budget went into the facial animation for major historical figures, and fixing all of the technical errors in their new engine. The first two hours of gameplay thankfully didn't have a "play as a child and experience the death of your parent" section. It did however consist of ham-fisted characterisations of Jacob and Evie Frye.

Half of the dialogue is purely to set up Jacob's delivery of corny one-liner after one-liner like a bad 80s action movie, while his sister Evie shoots him jokingly condescending looks. After all, who can say no to a complaining man-child, who is always asking "why am I not stabbing a person wearing a nazi-like Templar armband right now?" (Because they actually do that in this one). The Crime Syndicate aspect in the game is clumsily rushed into the fore-ground by Jacob, with his bloodthirsty child-like glee, apparently because he's "always wanted to run a gang". Meanwhile Evie wants to do Assassin things and track down a piece of Eden (as always).

While the marketing team tries to paint the two as completely different play-styles, there really is no difference in gameplay between the two until you get to the final levels of progression, where they each are able to acquire 3 buffs that the other can't. Evie's being Stealth Boost, ACTUAL INVISIBILITY, and Throwing Knife Buffs, Jacob's being HP, Firearm, and Damage Buffs. The other 49 skills they can both acquire.



2) The Combat: Assassinations have gotten boring, playing the same few animations of stabbing in the small of your target's back when you're in sneak mode. When the animation DOES differ (when your character is NOT sneaking), it often ignores the context of the environment and plays a random animation. The combat pacing (and choreography) is terrible. There is also now a combo meter, and combat is based around four different mechanics. Attacking, Guard-Breaking, Countering, and Dodging. For each press of the [Attack] button, your Assassin will strike at least twice. In a one on one battle you can mash the button and a normal enemy is helpless. If they're a "brute" enemy, (that is to say the bald-headed strong-man who is the ONLY character model for this archetype in the game) they might try to attack through your combo, which you can counter and ignore. The Syndicate fighting isn't even as well thought-out as the Arkham fighting system, as it doesn't reward you for timing your attacks. So feel free to button mash, and if you split attacks between more than one enemy they get REALLY confused. You never really feel threatened or in danger. If an enemy tries to shoot you from afar, there's no need to worry. You have several seconds to prepare and execute a Nicholas Cage-like bullet dodge with the dodge button. So you can dodge every bullet. Welcome to the Animatrix.

When you reduce an enemy's health to 0, they don't fall or die. They stay in a Punch-Out-esque slouched position, half heartedly attacking you until you perform a horrendously animated "finishing move" on them with the camera zooming in for dramatic effect. Mind you, it's not very dramatic when this happens with literally every single enemy in the game. The sound design is very lacking here as well, as many finishers use borderline stock sound effects for your fists and weapons impacting. Many of these are poorly synced to the animations as well.

3) The Exploration: Everyone complains about the grappling hook/zip line. It is actually a very smart choice in design, and highlights a flaw in the setting. The broad streets of London, and tall flat faced buildings, do not allow AC's free-running/climbing mechanics to shine. One of the quintessential Assassin's Creed features does not translate well to a modernizing city. Who would've thought. I am glad the grapple mechanic was introduced, as it helps gloss over the fact that:

a) The setting was a poor choice for the style of game they were making, which is why they're going back to Ancient Egypt, avoiding Ultra-Wide city streets.

and

b) They absolutely botched the free-run nav-meshing and made it feel unsatisfying and clumsy to run across rooftops and parkour through the city.

The camera is also unbearably close to your character with a very minimal FOV. Very bad for those of you who experience simulation sickness easily, expecially seeing as it jumps around desperately trying not to clip through walls. There is no known way to change this. Not through in-game settings, or ini edits, so have fun on your collect-athon kids.

The clothing physics were also locked at 30 fps for my game, and so i was left wearing a card-board cape for the first hour of my experience. (I use a 60 hz monitor on a medium range rig). There is a fix for this at least, and it's relatively easy to find if you google it yourself.

4) The NPC AI: Seems everyone in Industrial London is both deaf and legally blind. Citizen NPCs have absolutely NO impact on the environment. Everyone is there solely to react to you. None of their reactions trigger anything. They just stand there in wonder, or scream and beg you not to kill them. Meanwhile the guard standing 15 feet behind them has no idea of what's transpired because he's facing the opposite direction and apparently needs some hearing aids. Enemies have a visual range of maybe 20 feet or 6 meters, and no peripheral vision whatsoever. There is one such example early on in the game which i'd like to point out.

[There is a civilian talking with a guard who is also his friend. I killed the guard in front of him because he wouldn't move on, and I needed to pass him without being detected. The civilian man stood there screaming, hands at his side in a nuetral position. Meanwhile the guard behind him was completely unaware of what happened because he was facing 90 degrees to the left. The civilian didn't sound any alarms.]

The AI is bare-bones and is there for decoration.

This is the easiest stealth game I've ever played.
It is the worst Assassin's Creed I've ever played.
It is the least interesting Assassin's Creed I've ever played.

Do not spend more than $10.00 on this game. It's not worth it I assure you.
 

Rom
182 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.9 hrs on record
Posted: 8 December, 2019
I think I expected to like this one (especially coming off of the lackluster Unity) a lot more than I actually did. Don't get me wrong, much of this game is a marked improvement; the dual protagonists are great, traversal is much improved by vehicles and the zipline, and the combat plays a lot more smoothly. Still, the scripted side missions (meaning the Darwin, Marx, etc. ones) are so abysmally designed and written that progressing through the game with them felt like a slog.
 

Cross-Section
389 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2017
Enjoyed
 

LosDeneos
430 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.2 hrs on record
Posted: 14 February, 2020
it's cool it's in london i guess... felt overall very boring to play. i don't think i even remember any of the characters
 

petrus
362 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: 26 December, 2016
Its been a long time since ive played an assassins creed game and i saw this on sale and decided to buy it and im glad i did decent graphics fun setting and i like the protaginists.
 

YOUNGNOBLE
67 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.1 hrs on record
Posted: 7 April
this game is awsome
 

Bloody
228 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
47.1 hrs on record
Posted: 15 July, 2020
Product received for free

this game has sh*tty optimized even playing in medium setting. lag as hell, how do i play this game even with RTX2080 graphic card? going in town and it lagging for 30 seconds in every 3-5 minutes walkthrough.
Seriously I consider a refund but my friend gifted me.
 

FluttershyBUTT
107 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
146.9 hrs on record
Posted: 27 April, 2017
Great game, bit glitchy which can get frustrating when you're trying to ninja the crap outta someone and get stuck on a twig. And what is up with the hundreds of bad guys in one tiny area? I counted 30-something guys in a sngle graveyard with the target poi in the middle. No stelath on that one, I can tell ya.

Overall, 8/10. Parkour, carriages, you name it, Londons got it going on.
 

Ulven Drikker Te
300 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.2 hrs on record
Posted: 15 October, 2016
This game is not what you want it to be. If you're looking into it because it looks like something new and fresh its not. To start off I want to say that I have a maxed out pc and the game looks worse than the screenshots ive seen. Plus its not too optimized which is confusing because a lot of people are saying that its "okay enough" which in fact this is not the case. The first five SECONDS of my game I experienced a bug and i felt like I had to be careful because the game seems so fragile and it takes away from everything good that this game has at the very least. On the other hand its all around boring. Repetitive missions and side quests, and the game makes me not feel for the characters. If you are starting to get into AC, I reccommend getting black flag. Save your money.
 

Nomad
87 products in account
3
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
151.1 hrs on record
Posted: 16 May, 2017
Assassin's Creed: Syndicate

Pros:
Massive, well-crafted story and stunning open-world;
Switching between the Frye twins keeps things fresh;
Believable depiction of 19th century London;
A great new gadget to travel around the city;
Some interesting side characters and references to previous instalments;
Stunning score, the best so far in my opinion;
As far as DLCs go, "Jack the Ripper" isn't half bad.

Cons:
Some free-running bugs and minor annoyances;
Humour feels forced from time to time;
Side-quests end up feeling repetitive and rehashed;
Dreadful Crimes feel a bit disappointing;
Investigation mechanics aren't very involving;
Forgettable present-day narrative;
Lots of unremarkable DLCs.
 

Flavvy
738 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.6 hrs on record
Posted: 13 November, 2017
Unity may have been the more gruesome wound to the series, but Syndicate was the one that showed that the series had massively lost its way. Saying it's better than Unity isn't saying much, as true as it is, because Unity was a barely functional tech demo. Syndicate used the same tech, and proceeded to do nothing with it.

How to describe this game? Confused. Disjointed. Aimless. Hesitant. All of these words pretty much sum up the experience. It feels a lot like the Yakuza series or GTA4, in that we've reached the point where the game seems uncomfortable with the fact that the main characters are assassins. It also feels like they had no idea what to do with the setting, in that it spends most of its time shamelessly ripping off other game concepts. From the gang takeovers from Saint's Row, to the grappling hook from Batman, to the carriage stealing/racing from GTA, the fact is the game simply has no identity on it's own. It's as if the game is ashamed of the fact that it's about Assassins.

This game feels a lot like Revelations, in that it feels like the game has simply run out of ideas of what to do. It's also why the series took a year off after this, and it's clear why, because this game is the same way that London is in this game, a burnt out husk.

It's bland in every sense of the word, taking from every other successful series, and not really doing enough to be unique or interesting. It's a decent playthough, but you'll get more enjoyment out of other installments in the series.
 

Armads
841 products in account
3
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.8 hrs on record
Posted: 1 July, 2016
This game is addictingly fun. You develop stratigies as you go through the game. I had a little trouble getting the game to work. It is still fun and I do reccomend this game to other people. Also great for the price. Nice graphics.
 

michaelwave
67 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 January, 2020
I'm blasting through the AC franchise and each and every game I play, it gets better and better. AC Syndicate, based in London during the mid to late 1800's about two twins raised by a father who was an assassin that was unfortunately killed and not able to finish his mission take his place and to end what he had started. You play as Jacob and Evie Frye who aim to take down Crawford Starrick, the Templar Grand Master who aims to take over London in his complete control.

The story is much better than it's previous titles but then again the AC franchise tend to have the same concept for every one of their games. The feature of being able to play as either twin (Jacob & Evie) is a very cool and different feature added but some missions force you to play one of the twins even though you want to change them. Graphics are gorgeous, you can form gangs by taking over boroughs around London which is also new.

Overall, Syndicate was a great success!
 

Kazzy | Team K4L
224 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: 19 May
great gameplay, better historical blending
 

icadp
102 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: 27 March
L
 

Broccleigh
11 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: 8 April, 2020
dream back to London in the 1860s, fantastische.
 

zhaozhengyi216
45 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2018
One of the best Assasin's Creed!
 

Bored
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.5 hrs on record
Posted: 23 November, 2018
this game so great
 

Pinoy is Cancer.
233 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2016
Just another AC, nothing special about this game, gets boring quite fast, and you end up doing the same as you do in every AC game. If you want to play AC still, buy one of the older games, they are more fun (IMO)
 

Dezki
98 products in account
4
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2020
its good, but not so epic
just not for me, get bored after few hours, on the first to second sequence
should have take origins anyway
 

Darkasura
27 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2020
THIS GAME SIDE MISSION IS ♥♥♥♥♥ NONSENSE FIX UR BUG
 

凯den
15 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.8 hrs on record
Posted: 31 December, 2015
Great game i was expecting something exactly like this
 

Ohadraz
62 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: 22 September, 2017
This is a great game. I do not recommend it to people who did not like Black flag or Unity, as it is innovative, and forces you to think before making kebabs out of people.
 

[UGS]Mark
52 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.4 hrs on record
Posted: 6 December, 2016
Product received for free

Game constantly crashes. Uplay interface usually was the cause. Otherwise I liked it.
 

Lukas Leeroy Jenkins
124 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
49.6 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2020
YES
 

GooseNeck
58 products in account
4
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 October, 2017
Very, very good game
 

爸爸
160 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: 5 April, 2020
its not a good game
 

SEANdawg900
340 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.9 hrs on record
Posted: 12 August, 2016
After an emotional installment in the series this game was light hearted and fun to play. The conquering of Burroughs is a good challenge to keep between the story. The levelling up of skills and the skill tree is a great addition to the game. The switching of character gave a fresh feel to the dynamics. Overall it was an immersive game though it lacks an emotional appeal. The game crashes very frequently Everytime a Burrough leader is defeated. Other than that the game Mechanics are wonderful.
 

Whit3Rook
45 products in account
3
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: 4 May, 2016
its basically assassin creed back on form. fun game, side quests and interesting premise. Love the comedic banter between the two main character as well.

Closer to an RPG now than a typical openworld like the older ones.
 

Archer Seven
291 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.1 hrs on record
Posted: 21 July, 2016
A great game overall for me. The game keeps you immersed with a great number of side quest, a good main sequence, great environment, great voice acting. The fight scenes and animation are great. If you think it will be repeatitive, you're playing it wrong!
 

Rensuki
139 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 March, 2017
The latest part in the AC universe is set in Victorian London. The story is quite nice and is revolving around two assassins this time, the Frye twins. The graphics are amazing as always and the world is really huge. The Ripper DLC is also amazing bringing new elements in the game.
 

Nasty Pirate
1,285 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: 25 November, 2016
Yay, an AssCreed game you can play as a woman, despite how hard it is to animate her. Boo, sequences that require you to play as her idiot brother.

You win some, you lose some.

The game brings a lot of quality of life perks to the Creed franchise that have kinda been around but not excessively. Restocking tools has been a thing since the first game, however weapon variety dwindled for a while until games pretty much had you just use one thing consistently and nothing else. This gives you a little variety, and some enemies are actually more complicated than counter counter counter finish. Not all. Some. Travel options like the ascending grappling hook lets you scale tall buildings rapidly, as well as traverse peaks of rooftops as it doubles as a deployable zipline. Its STUPID useful. Basically, if you have buildings, your Spidey Sense + grappling hook lets you set up the kill however you need to. Having a roaming base is also nice, and it generates revenue for you (with a cap) while you are in game and not in a menu. Slightly annoying, not "immersion" breaking. Some of the missions are interesting and require a different take on traditional Creed nonsense... but they do get repetitive. I love the fight club missions. Nothing like some old London underground ring fighting where you hear noses crack and jaws break. Gross, but kinda fun.

Pros
-Its an Assassin's Creed game. Its just like all the others and while it brings some quality of life improvements, the story is blah and the gameplay is almost identical to every other Assassin's Creed game. If you enjoy all of those, you will probably enjoy this.
-Evie is a badass.

Cons
-Its an Assassin's Creed game. Its just like all the others and while it brings some quality of life improvements, the story is blah and the gameplay is almost identical to every other Assassin's Creed game. If you didn't enjoy any of those, you will probably not enjoy this. Probably. One of the two protagonists is Evie, and she is a badass.
 

Jen Astra
656 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
78.9 hrs on record
Posted: 5 September, 2020
it is a game. with many story, yesa? fun to play very much... good graphics there are hmmmm
 

Bravergoose6490
66 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: 14 May, 2020
Played this game for a while now and yes I must say its a masterpiece, great story line uptill now must give it a shot guys
 

AXEJOKER
22 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: 14 January, 2017
Assassin’s creed syndicate isn’t fun to me, sorry ubisoft.

The story for assassin’s creed is going downhill. To me it used to be one evil corporation fighting another almost as evil corporation, to shape the outcome of the human race, because of humanities past mistakes.

Now that dark cool story has turned into a bunch of ninjas who are fighting a video game company.

The assassins are a slowly turning into a "to cool for school" cliché

And the Templars are a joke

People think Unity killed the series. I think Black Flag killed the series, I am not saying black flag wasn’t fun I am simply saying that black flag took the story down a path that it shouldn’t have went down and now it's going to be hard to come back from that.

I just miss Desmond miles becoming the ultimate weapon who would take down the future Templars with the help from the memories of his past. I really don't like playing as a 9-5 so and so with an ipad and no spine. "Hey you, yea you go hack this company because i said so..." "Yea ok..."
 

Kantey
178 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.8 hrs on record
Posted: 9 June, 2020
I don't know if I should say it's my favourite AC game because I haven't played all of them and it's not like it's a masterpiece... but it's my favourite AC game YET.

It's so much fun. For the first time, I understand why it's a sandbox game - finally I want to spent time just playing IN it rather than playing the main plot and any side quests to level up. I don't really understand why some people hate it - it has great free running, fun combat, the story isn't anything life-changing but it's solid. Characters are REALLY fun (god I love Jacob Frye).

This is a personal preference, but the setting? OMG. I love London with all my heart, and being able to run around Victorian London, especially during the quarantine, makes me insanely happy. I wish AC games stayed with this model because the newest ones (♥♥♥♥ Odyssey) can't tie Syndicate's shoelaces.
 

pro gamer
50 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.8 hrs on record
Posted: 29 May, 2020
The Good:
- The artwork in this game, along with the design of London is pure GOLD. Sometimes i just strolled through the city to admire how beautiful it has been conceived. The atmosphere is just magic (10/10). This side of the game should be considered a masterpiece, well crafted. If i feel bored i think i could take a walk inside the game.

The Bad:
- The story itself sounds sophisticated but in reality lacks excitement. It is boring and after some hours it seems like creativity was over.
- The game after some hours becomes so repetitive, kind of the same challenges over and over. At some point i wanted just to finish the game so i didn't care of stealth or bring people alive.
- Characters are not as good as previous AC's. Jacob is a joke to be honest.

Overall i give this game a (7 / 10), mostly because of the artwork.
 

Sleepwalker
58 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.4 hrs on record
Posted: 28 August, 2020
I liked it. Don't know what all the hate is all about. It's Victorian era London. Classic Gang-wars ,train-robberies ,kidnapping enemies. An RPG like no other. Sometimes it does feel like it was aiming for a lot and some of the things didn't quite fall into place. But it is a must play for the fans of this franchise. i thing i'd give it a 7.5 out of 10.
 

Ezio Auditore da Firenze
56 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.4 hrs on record
Posted: 20 August, 2020
Such an amazing, fun game! Evie and Jacob's banter is a great part of the game's charm. The graphics are fantastic and it is so wonderful running over the rooftops of Victorian London. I also love just roaming the city streets and listening to the musicians (reminds me of Disneyland haha). The story is fun, the characters are charming and witty, and there's nothing better then exploring the streets of London.
 

CraftyCroft
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: 14 June, 2020
This game deserved a bit more polishing, but overall its a great game, specially the soundtrack and victorian London reconstruction is amazing.

Gameplay is fluid and very entertaining, can be a bit challenging at times.

This game is definitely worth up to $30
 

The_Jackal
360 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
112.6 hrs on record
Posted: 11 June, 2020
One of the more underappreciated Assassin's Creed games out there. You get to play as 1 of 2 characters and can switch out as you please (most of the time). Great gameplay, inspiring and lovable characters. You get to interact and help out Charles Dickens, Charles Darwin, and Karl Marx (I could hear Fox News in the back of my head condemning the game). Overall great game, fun setting (Victorian England). If you like steam punk stuff, you'll love this game. Also would highly recommend the Jack the Ripper DLC.
 

buckman333
64 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
84.6 hrs on record
Posted: 31 May, 2020
Great game, plays wonderful in 4K and unexpectedly supports SLI, I am pleasantly surprised with that.
The environment during the industrial revolution that has been recreated is really awesome. You can observe the minute mechanical details of steam engines, furnaces and steel production,... I find that truly breathtaking.
The fighting mechanic is really cool to, and in contrast to some other modern games it's not too easy or dumbed down, some parts take a lot of tries to get right.
 

quadflux
118 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: 10 May, 2020
Great gameplay and character but ran into a game breaking bug and unable to finish story. Years later and this aint patched. F Ubisoft.
 

MrLuxen
295 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: 29 June, 2020
Nice game with acceptable graphics. If u have a decent graphics card (gtx 1060 and above) i suggest u play unity.
 

Versus
131 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.2 hrs on record
Posted: 31 December, 2015
I have the seasson pass and i can not play Jack the ripper. The code was redeemed on my account which is linked with Uplay. Anyone has a solution to this?
 

Develin88
163 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.3 hrs on record
Posted: 2 March, 2021
Woman pretty make my peabrain go awooga
 

Spider
50 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2016
Product refunded

unless you can find out how to fix the game so it can get off the boot up logo then by all means buy this game. But if you can't it isn't worth the $40.
 

Rosegrass2335
142 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 May, 2021
its the best assassin's creed game. hands down
 

CWG | CharlieWolf
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
40.7 hrs on record
Posted: 19 April, 2021
i just played this game and right now i cannot enter this game because ubisoft connect doesnt let me play this game. ♥♥♥♥
 

EvaReli$$a
15 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: 10 May, 2020
This game is underrated. It's very story-light but it's got some of the best gameplay in the series. My only complaint with the fighting is that enemies over your level can kick your ass, but that's counterbalanced with being able to stealth kill any enemy at any level, which actually makes stealth a viable alternative to full on combat.
 

Nessun Dorma
546 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: 5 February, 2020
─────────────────█─────────────────
────────────────███────────────────
───────────────█████───────────────
───────────────█████───────────────
──────────────██─████──────────────
──────────────██──███──────────────
─────────────███──████─────────────
─────────────██────███─────────────
────────────███────████────────────
────────────██──────████───────────
───────────███──────████───────────
───────────██────────████──────────
──────────███────────████──────────
──────────██──────────████─────────
─────────███──────────████─────────
─────────██────────────████────────
────────███─────────────███────────
───────████─────────────████───────
▄───▄▄████───────────────█████────▄
▀█████████───────────────█████████▀
──███████─────────────────███████──
───██████─────────────────██████───
───█████───────────────────█████───
───█████───────────────────█████───
──█████─────────────────────█████──
▄██████─────────────────────██████▄
▀──▀███─────────────────────███▀──▀
────▀███▄─────────────────▄███▀────
▀▄─────▀██▄▄───────────▄▄██▀─────▄▀
──▀▄─────▀▀██▄▄──▄──▄▄██▀▀─────▄▀──
────█▄──────────▄█▄──────────▄█────
─────▀██▄──────▄███▄──────▄▄█▀─────
───────▀███▄▄▄███████▄▄▄███▀───────
──────────▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀──────────
Really good game. i bought this game in 2020 and it is still a good game.

7/10
 

ADHD Kid
131 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2016
For those having trouble launching the game: Make sure you update your drivers and restart your computer. The game has been known not to launch if you don't have the latest drivers installed. Was a really annoying thing, took me four hours to figure out what to do. Hope this helps!

I think this game is a big step from Unity, I can't help but enjoy this game and the Frye twins.
I'd totally recommend this game.
 

Desiderium
371 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: 29 December, 2017
Product refunded

This game runs just as poorly as Unity, it might as well be the same game. Oh wait, it's Assasin's Creed, it is the same game.
 

Ryan
257 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.7 hrs on record
Posted: 3 December, 2016
pre good mayne
 

chimp 1
114 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2018
Good story!!
Realy funn to just runn around the open world and kill guards and take out leadrs etc.
 

Jarle
164 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: 5 July, 2019
i buy this only to be on old London
 

TENTARA
97 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
221.2 hrs on record
Posted: 28 June, 2017
Just started playing today, but so far everything is awesome. I love how they actually got the accents right this time.
I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys Assassins Creed.
 

Benjamin
102 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.9 hrs on record
Posted: 19 July, 2020
I genuinely don't know what to think of this game. As much as I love this franchise (been here since 2007), this entry was nothing more than a filler. The story is forgettable and the cast is bleh. I don't know what happened wrong here, but I don't consider this canon. Sorry, Ubisoft. Please don't do this again.

EDIT - They did it again.

EDIT II - Revised my original review after playing for a few more hours. I was very wrong about London being a bad open world. It is the still the same Ubi collectible-thon, but damn if the grapple doesn't do justice to how good city traversal feels. The game still gets a thumbs-down from me, but the open world is perhaps the only good thing in this game.
 

Gaseous Snake
55 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.9 hrs on record
Posted: 24 November, 2018
This game had ups and downs. I have lost interest for this game after being overly frustrated with a certain section and when I came back to it, I found out why I always come back to the AC games!
 

thehawk13
284 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: 19 October, 2016
These games stopped making sense after Desmond's death...
 

Saint Patrick
85 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: 21 September, 2017
The grappling hook is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ RAD.
 

Behemoth
812 products in account
2
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2017
Product refunded

i5-4460
GTX 1060
8gb ram
Game crashed on start up.
Gave me 8 different POSSIBLE solutions and still a no go.
Their support has no idea on why this is happening.
I am getting my money back
 

Haboku
105 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.6 hrs on record
Posted: 25 December, 2021
i"m a big fan all of AC franchise.
you guys should play this game
 

Kaito
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2016
Great game
 

Micki Falafelgesicht
88 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.6 hrs on record
Posted: 18 July, 2020
great resemblance to LONDON
 

not-so-alpha
16 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: 7 January, 2018
Honestly not the best one of the series, but not the worst. I think the real star of the game was the setting of London itself. The story wasn't anything to write home about, but I loved the gang territory aspect. Reminded me of San Adreas that way. It's not a bad game by any means, but it really didn't do anything too different from the previous few games that will have a long lasting impression on me. I still think one of the best features of an AC game that I'll always remember fondly was the Brotherhood feature where you could train your fellow Assassins and call them for help in any situation.

Sidenote: Also I was angry that Ubisoft forced me to do missions for Karl Marx. Like...I don't wanna help this guy at all. I should be able to choose if I want to help his cause or harm his cause. Every single mission I did for him, I attempted to shoot him in the face. Thankfully in the end when you finish all his missions, you can finally cap him in the head. Worth it.
 

Hewbroc
216 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
302.1 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2020
lets forget this ever happened
 

catswork
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.8 hrs on record
Posted: 16 July, 2020
Отличная игра если идти по сюжету. В остальном однообразие. Отдельно 10/10 за модели персонажей. Проработаны даже нитки на костюме. Если сравнивать с остальными Ассасинами - 6/10.
 

SeveneduS
298 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: 17 July, 2016
It won't load, I try launching it and it goes to the loading screen with the gears, and stays there forever. I've tried uninstalling it and redownloading it, i've tried launching it from uplay and steam and on the desktop shortcut. If someone could help me that would be great.
 

DeceivedCarp87
82 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: 18 July, 2020
Good assassin's creed game (no funky climbing mechanics from the first 3) only gripe is the repeated side mission is a turn off. Runs better or equal to unity and the later games at 70+ fps. Some interaction with npcs can be annoying (buggy prompts not showing and enemy detection).
 

AwesomeAceStation
249 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.2 hrs on record
Posted: 16 July, 2020
Much better than either Rogue or Unity. Rogue was just not good and Unity lacked the polish and quality of life improvements that Syndicate delivers. Story definitely weak point here, seems like they just threw a bunch of historical figures at you with little reason but hey, combat feels great and free running is better than ever even with the break everything grappling hook.
 

Wigged Eagle
521 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: 10 June, 2016
I had my doubts with this game. I figured it would be recycled garbage. It wasnt. I fell in love with the characters Evie, and Jacob. The constant one-liners from Jacob gave him such a likable personality. And then Evie was so wise, and she truly felt like a Assassin to remember.... not to mention shes pretty hot right? Overall i give this game a 8/10.
 

Pathogenic
52 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.2 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2015
good, even with low preset.
 

pianoplayer24
17 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: 2 January, 2021
A badly optimised gem with no more support from ubisoft
 

rob
171 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.2 hrs on record
Posted: 7 August, 2019
I realy enjoy playing this game, you can do whatever you want everytime.
 

BeyerBub
127 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
267.4 hrs on record
Posted: 10 January
СХЕЕЕСХХ

 

Gustav Gustavson
40 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: 22 July, 2021
idk why i buy AC Franchise in full price. (it's a good game but kinda expensive)
 

She was 18 officer i swear
80 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: 17 August, 2019
So oddly I've noticed this has a lesser review than Unity (which made me absolutely cringe).

I actually enjoyed this title more however and the combat and stealth felt way more approachable and do able, especially after a certain tool which at first I thought would be too much but it makes it necessary as you progress.

The story I also enjoyed (my favourite was a side thing, without spoiling it you'll know what I mean by side thing when you see it).. at least I enjoyed the story up until the last mission then it was a cringe and unbelievable mess, there was even a silly progress halting bug in the early part of the last mission, however this did not ruin the over all whole experience.

Since pre AC III, this is actually one of 2 recent Assassin's Creed titles I liked (Black Flag being the other) If I had to give it an out of 10 I'd say maybe a 7 or 8 out of 10. I'd recommend it but maybe not at full price 50% off or more.
 

Zoltonian, Spiller of Blood
1,550 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
121.2 hrs on record
Posted: 9 October, 2019
Assassin's Creed Syndicate came out in a time where the love for AC was gone and the developers were just doing it by the numbers.

Syndicate is possibly the worst entry in the series, if only just because it plays like a cheesy Victorian Saturday morning penny comic. The villains are cartoonishly evil, the combat is cartoonishly exaggerated, the story is cartoonishly far-fetched (Yes even beyond the normal AC None-sense that's actually enjoyable).

Is this game enjoyable? Yeah it is actually, but it certainly wasn't worth full price back in the day and really considering its the game that ultimately killed the franchise for a year or so, its not even worth its "Old Game" price. Grab this when its 50% off, or better yet, get just get AC: Unity now that it's been fixed up pretty well and is a much more enjoyable story and game.
 

Tivurnis Ma'Zaar
228 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.0 hrs on record
Posted: 30 June, 2018
You get to befriend Karl Marx 10/10

Edit: Now that ive' finished the game, I've decided to write a proper review. In short, it's fantastic, there are bugs here and there, and it crashes every so often but that didn't bother me all too much.

I loved playing as Evie, it was awesome to have a female Assassin to play as, and luckily she was an enjoyable character and not just pasted in for the SJW's.

The atmosphere is one of the best parts of the game.

In my opinion it's probably the best Assassin's creed game, as it feels like an assassin's creed game, it feels like Ubisoft have gone back to their roots, and made a game similar to the Ezio storyline.

Side note, I say this is the best because Black Flag, while a fantastic game, and probably better in some aspects, it didn't feel like an "Assassin's Creed" Game, the same goes for Origins.

I also recommend getting the season pass, as some of the gear you get not only looks amazing, can you give you a nice boost so you can more easily slay Blighter and Templar scum. The Jack the Ripper expansion is also incredible, and the Last Maharaja expansion, while not terrible, isn't great either, I think it's main selling point is the O.P Knife you get for finishing it. Finally, the Dreadful crimes pack is also fun, combine that with Jacob's Sherlock-like outfit, and you'll be having hours worth of fun.
 

K'oS
238 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: 15 January, 2021
RECOMMENDEDDD !!! This is the great story from Assassin's Creed francise, Well done Ubisoft.
 

Creeds TM
15 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.4 hrs on record
Posted: 28 December, 2020
Amazing Story, Graphics, Combat, Stealth and Everything
 

GrilledCheese3810
46 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: 8 July, 2016
Personally I liked the game, and its worth it when on sale.
 

Kitty of Doom
398 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: 18 January, 2020
good
 

DcS
109 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.0 hrs on record
Posted: 17 January, 2020
Great game
 

pxrkr.
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
113.7 hrs on record
Posted: 17 January, 2020
Only one word describes the Assassin's Creed series 'Awesome!'
 

Shaky Hands
69 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 February, 2019
Far more stable than Assassins Creed Unity, nice missions. But somehow it has not-so good story
 

Radipz
329 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.6 hrs on record
Posted: 16 May
Top 5 most cumbersome controls/movement of any game I've played in a decade.
 

bennettogillespie
120 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
118.6 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2015
Probably among my favourites now out of all of them, besides Black Flag. This was absolutley amazing to play I had so much fun!
 

Captain_Flamersheep
116 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
75.2 hrs on record
Posted: 12 January, 2018
A GAME BREAKING BUG IS STILL NOT FIXED.
AFTER FINISHING SEQUENCE 7 ALL ACTIVITIES WERE MISSING, VIEWPOINTS ARE UNSYNCHRONIZED AND I CANT CONQUER BOROUGHS TO CONTINUE THE STORY.
F UCK UBISOFT.
EDIT: I HAD TO REPLAY ALL OVER AGAIN, HOPEFULLY IT WONT HAPPEN AGAIN.
 

deeps
285 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 February, 2019
Another solid entry in the Assassin's Creed franchise. This game, first off, is gorgeous, is optimized for PC, and runs smooth. Exploring London is a lot of fun, the city really feels alive with tons of NPCs packed in everywhere. The voice acting is well done, and there's tons of stuff to collect, craft, and upgrade as usual.

On the negative side, the story is kind of meh, the combat is pretty boring, barely presenting anything resembling a challenge, as you become very powerful early on, and the enemies get weaker as you progress. There are a few bugs and control issues you may run into here or there, some that may cause you to die or fail a mission, which caused some frustration.

With that said, Syndicate is still a fun, mindless, romp around a beautiful city, with lots of stuff to do. Turn on a podcast or stream and enjoy it as the action game it is.
 

Factor
615 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: 1 December, 2015
Product refunded

I was really excited to get this game. Even when it launched in a window and said that it was full screen, i was still happy. I found that the "full screen" mode was actually still in a window and that i could only use the "full screen + borderless" (which ubisoft mention lower the performance) to have it cover all my screen.

The performance... i was happy to see that the video runned flowlessly at the beginning of the game. However, as soon as i started to play, i had a lots of laggs. Even with the lowest settings... but how come i can run fallout 4 smoothly and not this game??

I stopped playing now. Wondering if i should ask a refund or wait for an update that will make the minimum specs actually playable.

Also there is an insane amount of in-game purchase which worries me a lot in case i decide to keep playing...
 

babragorn
295 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.7 hrs on record
Posted: 27 February, 2020
Assassin's Creed games are same as we know them. There are challenges, stealth missions, thief missions but this time they added a new challenge "kidnapping" which is nice and fun to do. Oh god the world map, world map is more detailed and 3D modeled I just loved it. On the other hand playing twins is different challenge on its own. You have to play more sidequest to fully upgrade every aspect of your assassins'. Level system and skill trees are well thought,gears well balanced and also there are cool to watch while you zipline between buildings. This game changed the franchise so much that we couldn't anticipate. If you like victorian london and history like I do. This game worths its cost.

PS: I didn't play the DLC's because I am broke af right now. Will update once bought.

Denise
 

deniseshaon
193 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.5 hrs on record
Posted: 22 November, 2015
UMMM its ok for the first 2 sequences that i got to play before i got stuck in the white room thing, that i cant get out of.
10/10
 

Romeo Page
135 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
60.5 hrs on record
Posted: 31 August, 2017
Pretty polished AC game, gameplay solid and mission structure probably the best in the series. One of the better ACs.
 

BratmanDu
338 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: 22 February, 2020
♥♥♥♥
EPIC
STORE!!!
 

⎛⎝ Randy ⎠⎞
782 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
This game has gang wars. Why don't they have gang signs?
 

viperil
34 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
History, city, art, and music.
 

Krakennie
22 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: 21 October, 2017
This is an amazing game, and I wish I could tell people to play it. But UPlay makes it impossible to save progress thanks to their faulty 'cloud save' system - so a big no from that angle. Play 18 hours, lose it, play another 18, lose it again.
 

Isuode
133 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.8 hrs on record
Posted: 29 July, 2018
Syndicate was a breath of fresh air after the dire settings of Liberation, Rogue, and Unity.

It was nice to get a simple story about liberating a city from the evil Templars again. I really enjoyed the large scope of various liberatin activities in Syndicate.

The wide range f historical cameos involved in this game was also very much appreciated. The comedic moments hit home.

The zipline was a great tol for navigating Victorian London.
 

TheLoreSeeker
270 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
265.8 hrs on record
Posted: 5 July, 2016
I am new to Assassin's Creed so I have nothing to compare it too. I thought the gameplay was great the story kept me going and the artwork was beautiful.
I have spent a lot of time in Syndicate and have not yet started Jack the Ripper, though it looks interesting.

Not much to say except it is fun to play, and I am looking forward to the next installment.
 

immolder
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: 15 February, 2016
Because of Unity I had my doubts about this game. While it is not perfect I would have to say that it is a step in the right direction. If you enjoy the Assassin's Creed games and haven't lost hope in the franchise than give this game a go as I have enjoyed it so far.
 

Butterscoych
101 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.2 hrs on record
Posted: 1 July, 2017
I liked it.
 

CAPTAIN MUSCLE
100 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
110.6 hrs on record
Posted: 27 June, 2017
its funtastic, see what i did there? actually doing this for some dumb stickers
so its better than unity, riding the train was cool and all.
 

LateralusGT
76 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.1 hrs on record
Posted: 20 November, 2015
This game is amazing!i have i5 3470&gtx 970&8 ram and i put:enviroment on ultra high,texture on high,shadow quality:high, HBAO+ not HBAO Ultra cuz there is no need and it just getting the game working less good.
TXAAx2.
so far iv'e seen just a little bugs.
but i think that you need to optimize it a little more for best performence.
 

Deminse
55 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
My specs are on my profile page with that outta the way I can say with my GTX 970 I get 50 - 60fps with the occasional dip to the mid to high 30's. Which I'm 100% fine with. I have all settings maxxed but I set Shadows to High and Antialiasing to FXAA. I found that by setting the Shadows to High that made the frame rate WAY better. Now the gameplay is great, the new fighting system is fun and fast to learn. The new Free Run Up and Free Run Down is nice but some people think Ubisoft is pandering to the noobs. I believe it makes it easier and somewhat funner. But if you go back to playing another Assassin's Creed game you'll find yourself trying to play Syndicate style cause the systems are so different. Eagle Eye can now be used while walking for as long as you want versus being stationary and moving. Also the dynamic of Jacob and Evie are really cool. They're easily the best characters so far in a Creed game. They make me hope and wish that Ubi uses these characters again. You can switch on the fly between Jacob and Evie by pressing the Start Button and then clicking the R3 analog stick. All in all it appears Ubi has in fact learned alot from the Unity incident.
 

NecroAether
1,169 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2017
Played it.
Finished it.
Story 10/10
Gameplay 6/10
Graphic 8/10
Overall 8/10

Story is nicely done and interesting but gameplay is frustrating. You can complete whole game only by throwing blades. Characters sticking to the building fragments or going up when you want to go down, its making few missions hard to do like tail missions. Grappling hook is good only becouse its making us close an eye for poor climbing and sticking to the walls. THERE IS NO JUMPING BACK WHILE ON THE WALL! Parkour missing a lot of parts from previous games.

Simply finish the game with blades and thats it. Everything dead in no time if you hit headshot. EVEN BOSSES >_>

Nice story poor gameplay in compare to previous AC's.
 

Wanard
307 products in account
6
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.9 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2017
Very satisfying game. I've played all of the games in the series and this is one of the best. I like being able to play as Evie or Jacob and that they have (very) slightly different skills and styles. There are lots of things to collect as usual and some repeated tasks, but it doesn't feel overly tedious as in some of the games. You feel like you are making progress and making
a difference. It's fun to just exist in the worldspace and listen to conversations or drive around. I definitley found the interactions more humorous and entertaining. There are no missions or activities in the present day, which I appreciated, although there are some cut scenes throughout to keep it in line with previous games. This one definitely kept me focused right until the end.
 

laurennumberone
109 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: 19 November, 2015
[EDIT] What the hell... Launched the game, it goes directly 4k intro+playing in low settings without asking anything, but when I say 4k I must say into a 1920 image so we saw only one quarter of the screen... obliged to do alt+enter, change settings and reboot the game to go full hd+ultra high.

40 fps no drop... with a 980Gtx 12GB of RAM ok... but... on each pictures there is alot of texture bug if you keep the MFAA option ON on nvidia's panel. So to be able to play you have to remove the MFAA option. If not, some building (the first one we have to go up to) will not be displayed at all, and some terrain texture or wall texture will be transparent or sipmply buggy scanlines...

Have they only tested their game before puttig it online? I doubt it it...

Also there is a huge FPS drop rate every time the camera is moving from side to side.

I ma also playing in french. The voice acting is not bad, but the mobs voice acting is in english while the reste of the voices are in french there for that limit a lot the possibilites of immersion fror french people and certainly foor others too.

The keyboard is totally useless as it breaks the smoothness of the movements of our caracter (imagined for a console with analogic stick)

The gameplay is way to easy to dodge now, every time a punch or a firearm is used against you will have a notice with a big letter to hit being then able to dodge everything.

Right now I am not sure the game is worth it's 60 euros but as I have not finished the scenario yet.

[EDIT 2 with gamepad] So, this second part is the final review for the introduction, after having issues with nvidia MFAA, keyboard/camera/fps issues. I have now tested with a gamepad and the game finally give all what it had to give in the first hour of gameplay.

Now with a gamepad the camera is correctly sync, no more fps drop, all fine. the action is quite repetitive but it is the start of the game so... I have not seen much of the game yet but still it is pleasant to play. My favorite aspect of the game is behing able to play as a woman. It is much more classy ... ;)
 

twins20 - Liscara
734 products in account
7
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.3 hrs on record
Posted: 25 July, 2017
This Is now one of my favorite games of all time, you can either do free roam with your gang members, do the main story line, or run into your favorite storyline characters throughout the world. This game is awesome! I would give 10/10 would recomend
 

Luckie
58 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2017
Ain't this a roight (right) pafetic (pathetic) waste (waste) of me (my) toime (time).

Again a games for the MEH button.

London is so much nicer than it is now at least.

Fighting seems to have taken a step backwards for this series, buttons are clumsly combined. Double assassination seems to not work very well I find....which sucks

Oh, the stagecoaches...like a poor man's GTA. Seriously too many missions with them.

And I see the kidnapping missions are the new 'tailing' missions.

Better than Unity, Black Flag still reigns supreme.
 

Chocolate Hobnob
194 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.9 hrs on record
Posted: 3 July, 2017
Wow, much better than Unity. The story is good, the characters are interesting, the combat is better, the sneaking is better, there are vehicles (that actually handle pretty well), the grapling hook makes you a lethal batman, and you get to take over London with a cockney gang of ruffians.
 

Dooflockey
257 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: 27 April, 2017
This game saved the franchise..
Nice sequel to Unity with better modified engine!!
 

G!anT
206 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: 30 March, 2016
it wouldnitg work for me on the screen had to deinstall it and then install it again and it takes forever to download i do recomend assassins creed but there is a chance it could happen to you
 

Kenty-03
34 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: 26 March, 2016
No Spoiler review.
Starting out
Shaun is still a ♥♥♥♥
In the middle
Shaun screws the mission up
In the end
Shuan almost saves the day but screws up again and someone close to him is implied dead.
8/10
 

Darkb1adePC
327 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: 21 January, 2018
1. Black Flag
2. 2
3. Syndicate
4. Brotherhood
5. Rogue
6. 1
7. Revelations
8. Unity
9. 3

Rated by entertainment value.
 

Sir Yeetus of Covid-19 共匪
400 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.4 hrs on record
Posted: 3 June, 2018
Best game i've ever played
 

Lil Torel
254 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.5 hrs on record
Posted: 1 January, 2017
After all this time there is an Assassin's Creed game that is actually good.The characters are well developed and there is much humor in the atmosphere.However there are some glitches and bad optimaziation in the game but i cannot give this AC a bad review.
 

BILLUMINATI
17 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: 27 December, 2016
Good:
The city is gorgeous and it feels more real and alive than Paris did in Unity. The main characters are well written and voiced, especially Evie. Unity felt like a tech demo, Syndicate does not. All in all, it's a good AC game, just don't expect it to be totally different from what you've seen in the previous games.

Bad:
As I said, the city is gorgeous. But copy pasted buildings it feels like. I experienced the first 2 hours as great. But now I felt like I wanted my 20 euro's back. It's a great game. I experienced something wonderful the first 2 hours. But I just, feel like there's better titles for under 20 euro's. Sorry ACS..
 

MaNdAr1N
96 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: 24 January, 2016
As a fan of the AC franchise, I was glad they made reaching to vantage points easier.

Pros:
Great storyline. Both during the Industrial Revolution and the Present time.
Awesome visuals with huge architectural and historical buildings.
Narration was splendid, and humourous.
Missions were creative, for example, it wasn't always the same old assassination methods. The Unique Assassination worked wonders.
Character were created beautifully. Jacob and Evie had that sibling rivalry most of us can relate to. Which is nice.
Fighting was improved with the double, triple and quadraple kill.
Gangs were okay, with upgrades and all. But I still prefer Brotherhood's "gang". Which are of course Assassins and not some random Roots.

Cons:
Movement still isn't all that smooth, like free running. It's good, but it could be way better.
Funny NPCs that spawn in places that there were no entrances, (Unless they're freaking Assassins as well)
Why do they have Helix Glitches???? Unnecessary items to collect again in the AC franchise.

All in all, I would still recommend this game! Cheers
 

Fvrsc
128 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.7 hrs on record
Posted: 20 February, 2016
this game is great action game but to straight story line

gameplay on this game is not smooth much but it's has a action play and fun

graphic look very good but has a lot of System Requirements

this game probably good adventure game i give it 7.5/10
 

Ronart
206 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.2 hrs on record
Posted: 31 December, 2015
This is game is recommend for people who dont have play unity before

why?because this game is just a improved unity

the combat moves and sound and graphics a lot of it likes unity

ubisoft just optimzied the game and add some new story character and grapping system

what i dont like is the graphics and sound effect and combat moves caz they are like unity

1 more thing TXAA seems not working in this game lel
 

Donky dork ER
445 products in account
0
See More Content
Back to top
©
Privacy Policy
Legal
Cookies
Steam Subscriber Agreement
© Valve Corporation.