Login
Store
Community
Support
Change language
View desktop website

© Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. #footer_privacy_policy  |  #footer_legal  |  #footer_ssa  |  #footer_refunds
STORECOMMUNITYABOUTSUPPORT
HOME
DISCUSSIONS
WORKSHOP
MARKET
BROADCASTS
Install Steam login  |  language
Store Page
Assassin's Creed Rogue
All Discussions Screenshots Artwork Broadcasts Videos News Guides 
Reviews
SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
177 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2017
7/10 - Good

I like this game a lot...a good follow up to Black Flag featuring the epic naval combat with some improvements along the way. Interesting story with a different perspective on the conflict between Assassins' and Templars.

What really holds this game back is that it's even buggier than most AC titles. Most of the time I was defeated in this game was due to the glitchy parkour and combat...worst I've seen in a while. No, this game isn't broken, but it can really take you out of the experience when you're handicapped by Ubisoft's typical lack of quality control.

All in all, I'd still recommend this game, just be prepared for some serious frustration.
 

Cap. Tank
315 products in account
2
170 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.2 hrs on record
Posted: 17 May, 2015
I Couldn't find a flaw in this game. They took everything great from Black Flag and improved on it. The story was so perfect that I didn't care it was a couple sequences short. I wish it kept going but it was so perfectly laid out I didn't mind so much. We finally got a game with the assassin's being our enemy and they executed it flawlessly. The signature moves were used against you as well as you performing them. Shay is a great protagonist, his decisions are well thought through and makes sense why he would go "Rogue". Rogue ties in with Unity, AC3 / and Black Flag perfectly while answering and also revealing so much more to the assassin creed universe. This game had all the elements to be a masterpiece and it succeeded. Worth every penny. Solid 9/10.
 

Demadizzle
508 products in account
10
51 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
77.7 hrs on record
Posted: 31 January, 2021
It's exactly like Black Flag, but in the North Atlantic instead of the Caribbean. I actually recommend you play Black Flag BEFORE this game.

So, I picked this game up after playing Black Flag in 2013. I loved the ship combat of Black Flag, so I figured "hey why not, it's on sale, I'll give it a shot." Literally copy-paste Black Flag gameplay tbh. I personally liked that though, since I was looking for a game like Black Flag. It's comfortable, it's very easy to play.

I really thought the story was going to be pretty generic, since a lot of Assassin's Creed stories feel a little forced and copy-paste too. Well, actually, the story was really good! It showed a different side of the Assassin-Templar struggle, one that I was finding really interesting. I kept coming back to learn the lore.

And it even alluded to Black Flag in collectibles and mentions of Kenway, which made it a seamless sequel between Black Flag and Rogue. Also, Shay was an easy protagonist for me to like, and his character really develops throughout the story.

Idk, I just really enjoyed the game. Definitely a fun play imo. I'd say pick it up.
 

shufflebottom
247 products in account
0
1,296 people found this review helpful
803 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: 12 March, 2015
Dear Ubisoft,

Please continue to make your Assassin's Creed games more like this one (Playable), and less like AC3 and Unity (Broken).

Sincerely,
-Absolutely Everybody.
 

Ruuk
525 products in account
75
62 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: 18 August, 2020
You get to play the actual good guys in this one.
 

Red Bear
442 products in account
0
607 people found this review helpful
121 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: 12 March, 2015
FINALLY Ubisoft got it right!

Game runs well? CHECK
Good story? CHECK
Good Graphics? CHECK (Better than Black Flag, but not as good as Unity, but then again Unity had a ton of problems because they overdid it)
Fun gameplay and combat? CHECK
Fun naval experience? CHECK

What the hell is there to not like!?
 

Roquen
996 products in account
33
379 people found this review helpful
210 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.3 hrs on record
Posted: 13 March, 2015
EDIT: I've upgraded my PC since this review. If you have any questions about running the port, I can't answer them!

If Rogue is the Ubifuture, then it is an ubifuture I want to ubilive in.

Assassins Creed Rogue was the little brother of Unity, both releasing on the same day. For reasons unknown (They're totally known) Ubisoft delayed Rogue for Pc by like 5 months. A bold move that paid off.

My machine is poop garbage. GT 640, i3. Turrible. Black Flag at 20 FPS. I had no hopes for Rogue, but damnit, it proved me wrong. 60 steady fps on medium settings, it really never dipped at all. The game looks the same as Black Flag, but it isn't badly ported.

The story of Rogue is a tale of tragedy. We follow Shay Patrick Cormac, Assassin and five time winer of the coveted, 'Most Irish Name' award. Cormac is guided by Achilles, Connor's angry black mentor from Assassins Creed 3. After it turns out that Achilles is  Cormac runs away and is adopted by the Templars. Now he is quite angry, and wants to assassinate his former assassin brothers, in a cruel twist of fate. The story will finally wrap up the Kenway saga. It will Link Assassins Creed 3, Black Flag, Unity, and even WATCH_DOGS.

The gameplay is like Black Flag, with a little bit of Black Flag thrown in. You sail your boat, burning boats and doing pirate things. (You're not a pirate.) It also has a bit of AC3 in it, with a frontier styled map. There are also a TON of collectibles. I love collecting things. And stuff, can't forget stuff. I've spent at least 20 hours just collecting and admiring the scenery. For a game set in such a horrible era like the 7 year's war, it sure is damn pretty.

The music is a a mix of all the previous AC themes put together in beautiful Frankenstein harmony. The main theme consists of Ezio's Family, with a bit of AC4 and AC3 thrown in. It's to symbolize that this is the end of the previous gen of Assassins Creed, and a new, buggier generation has been birthed.

The bad parts about Rogue is the fact that it is about 8 hours long if you do nothing but the story. There are bugs that have transfered over from Black Flag that they never fixed. Most (Like 95%) of Cormac's animations are borrowed directly from Edward Kenway, and the new ones are very stiff and awkward looking.

Rogue has become one of my favourite PC games by Ubisoft in recent years, especially since it's not a horrible monstrosity.
 

Mally
1,117 products in account
12
324 people found this review helpful
58 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.7 hrs on record
Posted: 15 March, 2015
WARNING!, to understand this Review, you must have played/seen Assassin's Creed IV and to an extent Assassin's Creed 3. Do not issue a bad rating on the merits of you entering in the franchise. Sorry, friend, this review is not for you.

This game can also be described as Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag 1.5. When I finished, I almost wondered why the Installation didn't come with patch notes instead of a features description. Don't get me wrong, it's good, bloody damn good, but read this for a minute to understand why.

The Good "Patch Changes"

- The new Air Rifle is amazing, and doesn't look as, and I hesitate to use the word here, racist or shoe-horned as a bow and a blowpipe. It provides a lore-friendly way of dispatching your foes as well as later receiving a Grenade launcher, which allows you to stun, berserk or just explode a large group of enemies. It opens tactical opportunities to spark a large group of enemies to berserk instead of just one.

- The Outfit selection takes a big dump on the "15 colours of robes & hoods" thing and presents you for once with varied outfits that don't require dlc. I completed the game in the uniform of a Royal Navy Captain.

- The Environment is much more varied. The River Valley is - as the name would suggest - a large map of rivers where you can encounter medium-sized ships and set up clever ambushes. The Ocean map is much wider and you can capture Man'o'War ships there.

- You are a templar now, which means the United Kingdom won't bother you anymore, unless you want to, atleast in the cities. backstab, shoot and murder to your hearts content!

- You can now murder civilians in a lore-friendly way. Instead of arbitrarily getting de-synched at the third mishap like a kindergarten boy being sent home because he threw gobs of sand around, you will now have tough-as-♥♥♥♥♥ bounty hunters sent after you. they will kill you unless you are smart and shoot them first. But it's lore-friendly and more immersive that way.

- Say goodbye to the always-on, required-to-progress Kenway's Fleet! That's right, the Fleet now is entirely offline, and gives you not only junk househlod decorations but also some very nifty Items and beautiful cosmetics. Also, it's optional, so if you are not interested in the Naval Campaign, good riddance for you, but it will generally give you money, as it works on the ingame currency now, the pound, instead of the arbitrary-a*s "Gems" that were ripe for mobile mini-transactions from the word go.

- New York makes its return from AC3. I find it to be the more ugly of the two cities, boston was always more to my liking, but they managed to spice the city up by restoring the burned-down districts and adding a less depressive day-night cycle. Since I played AC3 the colour orange gives me spontaneous cataract!

- Getting boarded is fun. It eventually ends like the other boardings, you can only be boarded by assassin brigs and pirate-hunters and you might lose up to 7 crewmen, but it's fun.

- The Elite Upgrades for your ship are not buried in some retarded places that you will only visit once for the entire game

- You now have frequent ammunition chests in the cities to refill your special ammunition for free. It gives a shoddy amount of bullets, but I'll get to that eventually.

- The sailors of the Morrigan look like Royal Navy sailors. BRITANNIA RULES THE WAVES!
The bad changes... and yes, there are some.

- When you capture an enemy fortress, your boarding crew does not follow you on land, which is sad. I liked the atmospheric fortress battles even though the teleporting ship crew in ACIVBF incited philosophical discourse with other players/co-workers at the water dispenser.

- The highest-Level set of pistols and the only pair of the main game that kills grenadiers/captains/assassins in one shot is locked behind a challenge. Alternatively, you can buy the DLC and aquire the Russian Flintlock pistols. It's just a scheme to funnel more games into buying the DLC.

- Shay, the Protagonist, is a dunce at looting conventional bullets from corpses. While Edward could restock himself twice over by just stabbing some guards in the middle of the street, Mr. Cormac needs his reading glasses whiped for him because he only loots one or two cartridges off a rifleman. This is a big deal, because in the marine sessions, assassins hunts and time-based objectives as well as the main missions, you will be heavily relying on your pistols. Unless, of course, you are sneaky. Which I ain't.

- Ammunition does not refill when you get onto your ships. They really don't have a crew chest where I could "borrow" some of these precious blackpowder lifesavers? REALLY? Edward Kenways crew was cool about that. meh.

- The story is a bit short for my taste, but that is only because they had to develop this game alongside the *spontaneous irony* colossus of cultural value and perfection *irony end, cough cough* that was Assassin's Creed: Unity.

-IN SHORT-
If you couldn't already guess, I am going to recommend this game, because my complaints are all tiny things.

So, that's about all I got so far. I might add more grins or gripes in the future. Keep the discussion in the comments civilized. And have fun if you decide to buy! I guarantee you almost certainly will.
 

GERSillySausage
698 products in account
7
98 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: 17 September, 2017
When Rogue was first released, it was often overlooked due to Unity's release corresponding with it. However, this is definitely not a game to overlook in the Assassin's Creed franchise. AC Rogue takes place during the Seven Years' War and acts as a sequel to Black Flag, as well as a prequel to AC 3.

The basic story is that Shay Cormac sees first hand how dangerous the American Brotherhood is and fears they're destroying the world they wish to save. Shay is then betrayed by the Brotherhood and finds friends in the Templars. Together, they attempt to tear down the American Brotherhood before it's too late. The overall story is absolutely amazing! This is definitely one of the best things going for Rogue. The story is unique and not really one we've gotten in any other AC game. It provides perspective on the franchise. Personally, I think this is the best story we've gotten since the Ezio trilogy.

One thing that fans were upset with when this was announced was that this game is only 6 sequences long (with an epilogue). I don't really consider this a negative aspect though. Sure, it's the shortest AC game (besides Chronicles, but who cares about those?). A story doesn't have to be long to be good, it just has to cover everything it needs to cover and not throw in useless stuff just to add length. Rogue does this well.

A story is nothing without its characters, and this game has a great cast. For starters, the main character, Shay, is a great character. His struggle and story are fantastic and very entertaining. The other characters joining him are all pretty darn good, and you get to see familiar faces from Black Flag and AC 3, along with new faces. None of the characters seemed out of place and they all were well-voiced.

In terms of game mechanics, there's nothing really new. The game's naval combat is pretty much exactly like Black Flag, but this isn't a problem since Black Flag had some amazing naval combat. Your ship, the Morrigan, is a lot more maneuverable that the Jack Daw and it has 'puck guns', but other than that, there's not much of a difference. You can fire canon balls at ships to either sink them or incapacitate them. Once you stop them in their tracks, you can board the ship, take out some fools, and decide what to do with the ship. You can either repair the Morrigan, salvage the ship, or remove your wanted level. The wanted level is determined by how many ships you sink. If you sink enough, a bounty hunter ship will come after you. These are usually about the same level your ship is and are easy to take down. Ships with higher levels than you are, of course, harder to take down. You can also upgrade your ship with loot collected from, well, looting.

Besides bashing up boats, you can also stab some soldiers. The combat is pretty much Black Flag's combat. You can counter hits, shoot people with pistols/a rifle, stab people with swords/daggers/the hidden blades, and so one. One new addition to the weapons however is the air rifle. Despite it being a reskin of the blow dart gun in AC 4, it's pretty cool! You can put guards to sleep or make them go berserk. Later in the game, you get a grenade launcher added onto it, which is fantastic. Guards are also nothing really new. You have your standard soldiers, snipers, swordsmen, and the big brute guys. Basically the same line-up from AC 4 and AC 3. The game isn't really challenging, but then again, most AC games aren't. (Sure, there are more difficult parts here and there, but it's nothing some grinding won't cure)

Since this is an open world game, you can travel to numerous ports, attack forts, and explore. The map is pretty darn large and there are numerous places to explore (including Sleepy Hallow!). The game looks pretty great and ran very smoothly. The graphics aren't next gen like Unity, but they get the job done. The soundtrack is also great, but the main theme is basically Ezio's Family.

Overall, there are those who don't like the fact that this game doesn't do much of anything new with gameplay mechanics, or like that the game is about 10 hours long. Look past this and just enjoy the story and the characters. I definitely recommend this game! Check out the previous ones first, but this one is definitely one of the best AC games we've gotten since Revelations.
 

Space
252 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: 13 October, 2015
Assassin's Creed Rogue is the last 7th gen Assassin's Creed game. It runs off AC4's engine and reuses most of the same assets. It's a very overlooked and underrated game that was overshadowed by it's inferior brother Assassin's Creed Unity. The game serves as a prequel to Assassin's Creed 3 and a sequel to Black Flag, with character appearances from both games.

In Assassin's Creed Rogue you play as Shay Cormac. An Assassin who becomes disillusioned with the Brotherhood and joins the Templars. The storytelling in AC: Rogue is the biggest thing the game does well. The Templars in AC: Rogue are portrayed as stalward defenders of peace and order, wheras the Assassin's are well intentioned extremists who want freedom by any means necessary. This game actually started to make me view the actions you undertook in previous games in a completely different light. The Assassin's are portrayed largely as criminals who Shay tasks himself with destroying. It feels like a much more politically Conservative game as a result. You're not a revolutionary overthrowing a despot. You play as a man who wants to protect the things he cares about. This all feels very fresh and makes the game stand out to me compared to other games in the series. It's also one of the few games in the series where the protagonist's default outfit lacks a hood.

In terms of gameplay it fundamentally is the same as Black Flag. With a few changes here and there. They replaced Assassination missions with Interception missions, where you prevent assassinations. They also introduced enemies called Stalkers. Who hide in areas like haystacks and bushes similar to the player and abush you. Using similar tactics that you have employed in previous games. You also explore rivers and valleys in the Northern Atlantic as opposed to an ocean in the Carribean, so the game does have a different aesthetic style.

Now while I do like Rogue and do recommend the game, it's not perfect. The game is shorter than both Black Flag and AC3. And while I did enjoy the storyline it took a lot of time to really get interesting once you became a templar. The general gameplay also felt far too much like a stand-alone expansion pack to Black Flag. It feels too stuck in Black Flag's shadow and it's probably the biggest reason I cannot recommend this game at full price. If you didn't like AC4 then you also will not like this game either because of how similar it is.

The best thing I can really say about Rogue is it did what it set out to do very well. I was worried that this was another example of a game with missed potential, and I'm glad to say I was completely wrong.
 

Bluebeak
736 products in account
9
141 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2020
🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics dont matter in this game
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful

~ STORY ~

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing Temple Runners for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
☑️ Epic story
🔲 Imagine Kingdom Hearts but on crack

~ PRICE ~

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
☑️ Perfect Price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

☑️ You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
☑️ Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
🔲 No ending

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
☑️ If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Yes
 

Zdravo Man
22 products in account
0
120 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
Pros:
✔Unusual story for AC series. We can now see the whole story from templars side.
✔Great sandbox gameplay which was slightly modified since AC4.
✔Seven years war is a very interesting history period.
✔One of the best PC ports. Even better than AC4.
✔The whole bunch of the new gadgets including: puckle guns,grenade launcher,air rifle,burning oil.
✔Making money is much easier now,thanks to rebuilding incomes.
✔Modern part of the game is much interesting now.

Cons:
✘Sometimes graphics are great,but sometimes its looking horrible.Maybe its because game was creating for X360\PS3.
✘AI is still horrible.
✘Sometimes parkour gives me surprises.Character jumps in wrong directions and other stuff. Looking a bit old after Unity.
✘You are the templar now,but gameplay doesnt changes too much.
✘I dont like the new eagle vision at all.This whispers makes me mad.
✘Too short,comparing to other AC games.Price is still the same.

Summary:
I recommend this game,but only for AC fans. Its expanding AC3 and AC4 stories. So it will be a great game,but for fans only. Still, very controversial game.
 

WolfETPlayer
384 products in account
3
204 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
This game is absolutely fantastic. This is what Asssassins Creed is all about. The graphics are wonderful. The performance is fantastic, got everything set to max and no fps drops what so ever, constant 60 fps on a 780ti. The story is unique and intriguing. If you were upset by the failure of Unity, then fear no more. Assassins Creed: Rogue will make your faith in Ubisoft come back. The Soundtrack is bloody AMAZING! the chills it gives you when it plays, its a fantastic feeling. If its one thing that Ubisoft knows what to do, is always delivering a fantastic Soundtrack, it deeply emerses you into the game. The whole "I was an Assassin, now a templar" the story is so fantastic it makes me so happy that ubisoft put time and effort into this game. I highly suggest you buy it, its a full game, with a full story, I haven't completed it yet, because I have been having fun with the Ship battles, plundering and getting them monies! but so far its had me sit here playing the game.

Story: 8/10
Graphics: 8/10
Soundtrack: 10/10
Glitches, bugs or fps drops: None that I have seen so far.
Gameplay: 9/10 (just like you remember it in Black Flag, its FANTASTIC)

The game is fantastic and for the price its WELL worth it. Pick it up, You won't be disapointed! I promise!!
 

Kaidalen
668 products in account
16
71 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 27
Experiencing the ending of this game after playing Unity first was absolutely mind-blowing. Definitely the most underrated game in the series!
 

mkinG
1,030 products in account
10
378 people found this review helpful
533 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
I launched it, and it didnt freeze, crash, or delete my System 32.
10/10, Better then Unity
 

Gabenfoodle
618 products in account
10
47 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2017
Let's Review Assassin's Creed Rogue!

Like the title says, you join the adventure of Shay Cormac, one of the Assassin's that turns on them, siding with the Templars, and if you are aware of the Assassins/Templars War, this is a big deal.

Pros
- Shows you the other side, the Templar side while still having that lifeline to the Assassin's.
- A storyline that tells you a different side of the same coin, well written and well executed in this game.
- Brings back the open world and naval warfare that made this Franchise great.
- Serves as a stepping stone to Assassins creed 3 and a connection to Assassins Creed Unity.
- Beautiful graphics like always, and yet some improvements.
- Big variety of activities, environments and mission types.

Cons

- Some graphical glitches but nothing that's game breaking.
- Uplay connection that sometimes interferes with the game, but it's a rare ocasion ( thank god ).
- Lack of Multiplayer.


Final Review
: Assassin's Creed Rogue, let's you experience the other side, the side you've fought so many times, introducing new mechanics blended with old ones. Its a good game, but can at sometimes feel like an extension of Black Flag, but if you enjoyed that one, you'll enjoy this one without a doubt. I give it a 7.2 out of 10.

Enjoy Guys and Girls, and if this review helped you in any way please leave me a Thumbs up, i would appreciate it immensely. And please consider joining Curate This – A Honest Review at
http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31479106/
 

SentryWolf
879 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
This is the most solid Assassins Creed since AC2. 10/10

I feel bad for AC Rogue as I think a lot of gamers got caught up in the AC Unity snafoo to take the time to notice how brilliant of a game this is. It NEVER crashed, NEVER stuttered, NEVER glitched and NEVER dropped frames. I actually believe that it is the most solid and technically sound game in the franchise at this point. It appears to be built upon the same engine as Black Flag, but unlike BF it never felt like it was ready to break apart at any second. It is incredibly refined and looks great.

I am a sucker for stories like this but I was hooked immediatly. It isn't exposition driven and as a result you come to share an empathy with Shay as events unfold. You see things from his point of view (In this case from the side of the templars) and it makes him very relatable as his actions seem JUSTIFIED. I dig it. ;)

If I had to pick a fault with the game, it would be that with the franchise itself. Simply put AC games are getting HUGE in terms of the game world and to prolong the experience; devs are craming in as many collectables as possible. I understand the reasons behind it (open world, forces exploration ect...) but it is just at the point where it has NOTHING to do with the story and is simply distracting. It is beyond filler content and if they could tone it down somewhat or give me a reason to 100% everything, I feel Ubisoft should go for it!

Do I reccommend this game? Yes. A huge resounding yes. It is pretty, technically sound and very enjoyable. In fact, the church mission in Lisbon delivered probably my favourite assassins creed experience to date! Go team!
 

Tzir_Blake
301 products in account
2
74 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
74.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2016
Did you think Black Flag was the utmost heights that Pirate vs. Ninja combat could climb to? Were you under the (foolish) impression that Ubisoft(in the head) couldn't further refine the ship combat introduced in AC3 and then perfected in Black Flag? Did you skip this game thinking it's just ANOTHER reskin of Black Flag?

If you answered yes to any of these questions - then you are REALLY missing out.

The first thing most players say about Rogue is that it's shorter than Black Flag. That isn't quite true - Black Flag was a sweeping epic spread out across several years; all leading up to AC3. Rogue is more self-contained and (dare I say it?) streamlined than Black Flag. Take a couple of weeks off from playing Black Flag - you're likely to forget the story when you start it up again. Rogue is all-involving. The plot is a lot more personal. It does something that no other AC game has done before... and shows the story from the BAD GUY point of view. Not only that, but it does it in a way that makes YOUR character a good guy (well, as good as a guy can be when he's a member of a top secret murder cult) while still ticking all the bad guy tropes. Best of all, it actually SHOWS the good guys (again, murder cult) the heroes - as villains without MAKING them villains. This whole story - by and large - is a series of misunderstandings. Arrogance. Mistakes and one man (the main character) trying to clean up afterwards.

Enter the main character - a wisecracking, smart-ass who hails from the fair emerald isles. If you stand too close when he opens his mouth you can smell the guinness. Trust me. He's Irish. He's full of energy and fun and he'd like to kick the ass of over half the members of the brotherhood. He's arrogant - but he's got a reason to be arrogant. At the start of the story he's one of their best recruits - and as the story goes on he's one of the ONLY characters who seems to retain some kind of common sense. When the head of his top secret murder cult orders him to steal an artifact that costs millions of people their lives - you'd THINK said head of a top secret murder cult would be smart enough to leave well enough alone. But no, the French and the British and the Native American's are breathing down the throats of both the Templars and the Assassin's and it's up to the boss man (aka the head of the top secret murder cult) to track down MORE artifacts. Your character has an objection to this - and from there the whole story spirals out of control with your character struggling to (literally) keep the world in one piece the only way he knows how... by killing everyone he ever cared about. Over the course of our story the Irish ball of fun loses his sense of humor. He loses his innocence. He loses everyone and everything he ever cared about. He becomes a Templar. Utterly. His last act of humanity is to spare Mr. Big (aka the boss man aka the head of the top secret murder cult) which eventually leads to the events of AC3 - but wait! There's more! Another game was developed alongside Rogue (ACU) and the player's last act as the main character ties into the FIRST ACT of Unity. Tying together not JUST Black Flag and AC3 but the future games themselves.

The combat is the same as all AC games have ever been. Seriously. If you don't like AC combat then you're going to be upset with this game. Again, as with every AC game, there's one or two bells and whisles that have been added in to make your experience a bit more unique - but it's still the AC combat we've all come to know.

There's even less to say about the crafting in this game than there was in AC3 and Black Flag. There's even less outfits you can craft in this game. The upgrades are nice but - again - as the requirements can all be bought and then crafted - the actual foraging aspect of the crafting feature can be completely ignored.

The map is easily as big (if not slightly bigger) than Black Flag but it does this in a very sneaky way. Instead of having a HUGE ocean to play in - you have three medium sized maps. You have the ocean to play in. Rivers to play in and New York City to play in. Best of all, unlike AC3, New York actually feels fleshed out. It actually feels like a city with districts and people living in it. There is no diving this time - but you won't really miss it (if you tried it in Black Flag and hated like I did you'll actually be glad it's gone) or probably even notice it's gone.

The ship combat has actually been re-refined. Gone are those (near useless) barrels (well, almost gone, anyway) and in their place we have an oil slick that makes it VERY tricky for an enemy to come too close or (even stupider) try to follow you. Further, in place of the limited-use flintlock guns strapped to your ship, you have a puckle gun. This weapon is FUN. It's basically a flintlock machine gun (look it up, this was an ACTUAL historical weapon) that can fire off twelve shots before needing reloading. On the open sea an enemy ship can attack you - you can be pulled down and dragged into combat when you aren't ready for it. Black Flag may have made the ship combat enjoyable - but Rogue makes it an art form.

AC Unity is embarrassment - even after all this time. Rogue came out at the same time and was - sadly - overshadowed by the media attention Unity got. Unlike Unity - Rogue was WORTH full price at launch and is STILL worth it. It is WORTH the hours and time you put into it. The story is good. The combat is the same as ever and you'll feel satisfied when it's all over. If you like pirates and ninjas and good-old-fashioned 'Merican cameos (hey Ben! Captain Cook! Woo!) then make your own luck and give this game a try.
 

2Scribble
210 products in account
4
39 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2019
-No Spoilers-

Initially, I bought this game to have only a few more hours (or days, even) of naval combat. Something I liked in Black Flag.
From reviewers, I heard that the game is average, one of the main faults of the game was combat and the short story.

For only ~7 Euros this game is a blast. It is something unique and never seen before in an Assassin's Creed game, allowing you to become a templar. You aren't an usual villain, but more of an anti-hero. It shows you the faults of the Colonial Brotherhood (Pre-Connor) and makes you reconsider which side is right.

It is a cool story, albeit slightly rushed. You get your toys and tools handed to you fairly quickly, which some may see as it being rushed while others may see it as simply allowing the player to play the game and focus on side-missions (more on that later) while ignoring most of the main quest.

Gameplay wise, the combat is slightly different from AC4BF as you get access to a few new weapons. First, instead of the dual swords, you have a dagger and a sword. It's not much of a difference, though.
You get a grenade launcher which can launch sleep, berserk poisons + normal grenades. A very useful tool.
And instead of the blowpipe, you get a rifle that shoots darts. Not big of a difference, but the rifle can shoot firecracker darts, which can distract guards or confuse them. Helps uncovering assassin locations.

The naval combat is slightly altered. You get cool new activities on the sea - Saving POWs (prisoners of war), legendary battles, naval battles (Might be called differently, sorry) and you can smash icebergs to get collectibles or get a helping hand in combat. Speaking about combat, instead of the situationally useful explosive barrels, you get a flaming liquid weapon. Extremely useful, as you can coat the water with fire and stop almost all ships from passing the fire.
To replace the swivel gun, you get the puckle gun. It is a machine gun. An upgrade from the swivel gun, that's for sure.

Brigs can now board YOU instead. That's right, if the enemy manages to ram you, well, then you're going to lose some crew and going to have to defend your ship. Though it's not hard to avoid being boarded.

Activities: Bassicly, you get alot more activites than in Black Flag: Assassin HQs, More challenging Forts, Settlements, Assassin Interceptions, alot of collectibles, renovations.
Honestly, it would take me a while to explain all that you can do in the game. There's alot to do, trust me.

Outfits are pretty good in the game. You get a ton of them and most of them look pretty nice. Some can be pretty challenging to get.

Overall, don't listen to most of the reviews saying it is an average game - It's quite a good game. Make the decision for yourself if you want to buy it or not.
 

spalius
54 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2015
+Good story
+Good Chararcters
+Funny Naval Gameplay
+Nice Optimization
+This game shows you templars aren't the bad guys.They are fighting for the things they believe it's true.I personally loved being a templar and an assasin hunter.
+++SHAY İS AWESOME
++++The transformation of an assasin to a templar is well handled in the scenerio.

-The story is a bit short.
-İts fighting mechanics are exact same with ac4 black flag which ı dont like.

This is probably one of the best ac game ı have ever played despite the short scenerio and unchanged fighting mechanics.
 

RequiemJckz
102 products in account
1
727 people found this review helpful
192 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2017
Fairly below average as far as AC games go, combat was satisfying at times and buggy/inconsistent at others, it's pretty much like black flag in many ways but without the pirate charm. You can still do the same ship battles, legendary ship encounters, fort raids etc. that you could in AC: BF, but why do that here when you could just play black flag?

The story was average, Shays motivation for going rouge is understandable but the characters are so forgettable and boring that none of the 'emotional' moments really hold much weight if any at all. Shay himself is not quite Ezio but at the same time - he's not a Connor either. If I had to describe him in one word, I’d probably say 'Irish', because there's not much more to him than that.

I also found it dumb that instead of the developers coming up with a creative way of getting the player on the templars side - they just make the assassins extremely unlikeable instead, so much for prompting you to question who the 'bad guys' really are, just make the assassins into thugs it's much easier that way.

Who cares really I’m just writing this so I can get that Steam community badge. Thank you if you even bothered reading this.
 

Big Log
235 products in account
17
51 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2016
ASSASSINS CREED ROGUE is not a typical AC and trust me when I am saying this, for the price a really worthwhile experience.
As far as connections to AC3 and AC4 Black Flag + Freedom Cry go many old "friends" are present in this game so I would suggest playing those ones before this title.
The graphics are on the standart of AC4 Black Flag and don´t differ very much, the soundtrack however is mostly fresh and partly a mixup from AC3 and AC4, and does perfectly underline the events in the game.
The mechanics are based on AC4, but some animations got reworked.
There is also much new content which doesnt appear in AC4 and kind of reminds of the gang mechanics in AC6 Syndicate which is awesome.
Storywise its an awesome expirience especially if you played the mentioned parts, with many unexpected turns and a very well portrayed protagonist.
After you are done playing this game I would suggest playing on with ASSASSINS CREED 5 UNITY as the ending of AC Rogue directly ties up to this game, and you even see the protagonist of AC5 in a young stage.
So I am done playing this game to 91% completion after 30 hours and to sum all up it has been an extreme pleasure, especially for me a series fan.
 

-eXodus-
149 products in account
1
94 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 22, 2019
Back when Assassin's Creed was fun.
Back when Assassin's Creed was playable at 60fps.
Back when Assassin's Creed had templars and assassins.
Back when Assassin's Creed was realistic and had no super powers "Abilities/Skills".
Back when Assassin's Creed had useless collectibles but we had a lot of locations.
Back when Assassin's Creed had great characters.
Back when Assassin's Creed made you spend hours to get an outfit.
Back when Assassin's Creed made you grind for fun.
Back when Assassin's Creed made you farm money.
Back when Assassin's Creed made you hunt.
Back when Assassin's Creed had no micro transactions.
Back when Assassin's Creed had templars and assassins without buying a season pass.
Back when Assassin's Creed had great voice acting.
Back when Assassin's Creed was Assassin's Creed.
Back when Assassin's Creed parkour was awesome.
Back when Assassin's Creed combat was brutal.
Back when Assassin's Creed was historical fiction and not historical fantasy.
Back when Assassin's Creed made me fall in love with it.
Back when Assassin's Creed ... did i forget something?
 

Bhzzz-
530 products in account
19
204 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Initial feelings:
While I have only just started playing it, I can safely say that this is the best optimization that I have seen on a Ubisoft game. I am playing this on a laptop with a GeForce 860M and I am maintaining a very steady 60fps on High/meduim graphics with 1080 resolution. As of now the story is pretty great, especially if you played the other AC games. There are cameos of a bunch of old characters like Adewale and Achilles. So far, the game is shaping up to be pretty awesome. So, if you like AC games (especially AC 4- Black Flag), then you shoud definately keep your eye on this game. (It shows promise for better obtimization from Ubisoft in the future. . . hopefully lol)

Edit:
Upon playing more of Rogue I have come across a few issues that I think I should address. All of these have only happened once, so don't panic. I got stuck in a loading screen when transitioning between to areas (it just did not finish loading - it sounded like it did but I had to restart the game to fix it). I also loaded in once and could not move. This one might just be a problem with my laptop, but if not I thought I should mention it.
Nevertheless, the story is even more intriguing as it progresses and the gameplay, though mostly the same as Black Flag's, has its own elements that make it stand out as its own game (i.e. avoiding assassins trying to assassinate you, etc...)

Edit:
I just wanted to mention that I did bring my graphics up a bit and I still maintain about 60 fps (once in a while it drops to 50, but that is during really intense battles). But there was one time during the story when I was taking down a man-o-war that my fps dropped to like 35ish, not unplayable but definately noticeable. Besides this, the story is coming along nicely, and I am curious to see how it will end.

Story Completion:
I have to say that this is an overall good game. I did experience a few bugs, all of which are mentioned above, but only a few. The story did feel a little on the short side compared to Black Flag, but it was still a decent length (about 9ish hours I'd say). Shay is a cool character and this game really ties all of the other ones together (even Liberation). It is fun and a great addition to the AC series.
 

Posy the Opossum
287 products in account
16
39 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
45.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2021
Local Irish American man makes his own luck.
 

Jaxever
266 products in account
0
100 people found this review helpful
105 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2017
You finally get to play as the good guys.
 

de ton
90 products in account
1
35 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
103.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
This game is an obvious economic repackaging of the main mechanics of AC4 Black Flag and AC3, and features a lot of the classic Ubisoft tropes and carries over many details from AC4, such as almost identical combat.

That said, what is added is the most cohesive Assassin's Creed game since II, or at least Brotherhood. The wide sprawling naval and land areas are absolutely full of not only boring collectibles, but interesting activities, that stay interesting far longer than you'd expect.

They obviously took the oppurtunity of developing a second-rate AAA sequel alongside AC Unity to experiment with the mechanics and formula that has defined AC for a long time, the reversal of roles as a Templar opposed to Assassins means being stalked by Assassins, having to prevent them carrying out Assassinations (a reverse of mission types such as in Revelations) and helping the British fight the French (the Ten Years war is the backdrop to the story as it is technically a prequel to AC3).

Slight changes in the way you do normal mundane Ubisoft open world collection chores means it's a less tedious for a while, and the additions to sailing, mainly the ice breaker ram and the ability of enemy ships to ram and board you makes the naval part of the game feel very different whilst the regular gameplay loop of firing cannons repositioning and firing remains exactly the same.

It's my opinion that the executive figures of Ubisoft will always demand the focus of their developers be on the graphical aspect of their games above all else (focus groups aside, graphical fidelity is visual and extremely easy to sell as a major plus in an otherwise mediocre program), but AC Rogue is a window into what would happen if the developers of these games were given some freedom. Turns out it wouldn't be bad.
 

GoobleHog
230 products in account
1
47 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☑ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10


Grab this review template here [vojtastruhar.github.io].
 

E_Gluecks
634 products in account
0
96 people found this review helpful
164 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
42.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
It's nice to play as the good guys for once.
 

Mag-Stal
427 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2018
If you like the ac series you will most likely love this game. The story line is great, as are the scenes and action. The whole Templar thing is way cool too. Can't really find anything negative to say abouth this game, Definately one of my favorrites of the series.
 

Ejay [bluestreak]
6,123 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2018
I agree with the reviews that call this Black Flag 2. The game heavily borrows from the predecessor, utilizing all the same mechanics of combat, open world sailing, naval management, renovations, fort capturing, collectible treasures, animus fragments, shanties and so on. Rogue could essentially serve as a huge, 20 hours long expansion of Black Flag, because the changes aren't in the core of the game but in the story, characters and locations, some of which are also from other AC games.

Nevertheless, the story is fresh and different in its take on the assassin brotherhood and some of the personalities from the other games. Wrapped in the ice of the North Atlantic that serves as a good alternative to the warm Caribbean, engaging in the same otherwise mundane activities from Black Flag becomes fun again, taking hours and hours before you realize. The only downside is the graphics that have not changed since Black Flag and AC3 at all, FPS are capped at 60, but the smart placement of the assets makes the environments look vast, detailed and sometimes gorgeous.
 

Rose
1,756 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2017
Imagine Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag, make it twenty times better gameplay wise and story wise, and you have an amazing Assassins Creed game.

That's exactly what this game is.

This game was highly underrated because of AC: Unity having a close release date to it, but I must protest that this is one of the best AC games I have ever played. Not only does it add many new gameplay elements, it also has a rich story that ties in perfectly with Unity and shows and references Black Flag and AC III characters multiple times in-game, and made me cry. Maybe because I'm a baby, I don't know. Honestly this game changed my whole perspective on templars and now I'm not sure which side I support. I can't say too much because I don't want to give you spoilers, but I highly recommend you check this game out. It's worth it.

10/10 would turn on the brotherhood again
 

Nick
116 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2019
Assassin's Creed Rogue delivered me numerous mixed thoughts. First of, it is a copy paste of Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag. I truly love Black Flag so much that I completed 100% several times and it grew in me. And Rogue delivers the same and I felt it's just the same. If you're from Black Flag and a new experience, don't get this unless you want the same experience. However for the visual, I am somewhat disappointed. I was expecting sexy visual but nay. Like I said, Rogue delivered mixed thoughts. Well how to know if you want this game? Simple. If you want to know the story between AC3, AC4 and AC Unity, then get this game. If not, ignore it because it is the same copy of Black Flag with few changes like darker UI to represent Templar transition from Assassin? Somehow I'm very impressed with soundtrack. Its like experimental dark which suits best with this installment. To sum up, read back the review yer scum. JKJK HAHA! I'm recommending it just for story and soundtrack but deep down, I don't like it.
 

NovaScira
171 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
87.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2019
Ah, Ubisoft credits rolling as I write this, which means there'll still be plenty of credits left when I'm done. Enough time time to make some lunch, eat it, read a few chapters of a book, check social media, and watch half a movie.

Anyway, the game is take it or leave it. It's the epitome of Ubisoft at the time of release, really.

Obvious villains presented as good guys? Check!
Eleventybillion collection quests to unlock ♥♥♥♥ that does nothing? Check!
Playtime padded with literally hours of travel per playthrough? Check!
Stuff unlocked at the end in a fruitless attempt to get you to keep playing after it's done? Check-a-freakin'-roony!

I mean, the actual play itself is fun, the legendary battles were a kick, the missions' optional objectives weren't impossible - but again we get the issue of them generally hiding the optional objectives so you have to remember to go look for them so you don't miss them. And without looking, you probably will miss them.

But really, the test of whether a game was good is 'did you have fun playing it' and though it was interspersed with a crapload of boring, unnecessary crap, in general it was a good time. It was more fun than it was NOT FUN, so it gets a thumbs-up.

On average, though, it wouldn't be too terribly much of a challenge to find something more fun. For a franchise with such a strong start - second only to Mass Effect for me, really - they've really managed to turn these things into a slog. You'd think with how quickly they generally churn them out they wouldn't need to go for the whole 'pad the playtime with total irrelevance' thing, but they sure do feel like they need to, apparently.

Which is why the total playtime you see here will never increase. I've played it, I've gotten this part of the story where Assassins and Templars are both very fine people, now I'll move on to the next and never play this game again.

Actually, Ubisoft is really good at making games that are utterly and completely lacking in any replay value at all. Maybe there's some kind of niche there. Whatever, anyway, on to the next one!
 

Lady Banana Summoner ✨
628 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2016
Short verdict: this is how the Black Flag should've been made.

AC: Rogue takes you into the story of Shay Cormac, an assassin who turned against the Brotherhood for a somewhat dubious reason and later became a master templar, destroying the Brotherhood of Colonial Assassins in the process.

Some praise the character development of the main protagonist during the game. But I can't agree to that. His judgement is emotional. His inner doubts aren't revealed sufficiently. And the whole transition from an assassin to a templar feels rather rushed. I'd say Shay has the personality of a teenager and his worldview is rather naive. His willingness to do good and sense of fairness are admirable, but it's about the only side of him that is portrayed. I can accept such a flat personality in a video game, but real people are more complicated.

Nevertheless, playing as a templar was a fresh breeze to the series. Especially, because having played all the previous titles, I've started to doubt the whole Assassin's cause. Only few people have the capacity to use their freedom wisely. Most people need guidance and control and the Templars offer just like that. Whether their methods are justifiable – that I doubt, but nonetheless.

Rogue story takes place between the events of the Black Flag and AC3. It ties together the characters of both previous titles: Edward Kenway, Haytham Kenway, Conor, Achilles Davenport and Adewale.

This is the last AC game created on AnvileNext engine and as such it works perfectly. You have all the usual AC stuff, but at its best. For example, I struggled with ship controls in Black Flag. I had problems with manouvering and the camera. But, in Rogue, it's very easy. I even took the Legenday ships down with no problem at all. Well, perhaps, this is partially explained by the fact that Morrigan is a sloop-of-war, but Jackdaw was a brig. Smaller size means greater manouverability. I felt that there are not enough dry-land areas in Black Flag and I grew tired of the huge emphasis on naval battles, whereas, in Rogue it's just the right balance. I really enjoyed exploration and taking down hostile settlements and forts.

Rogue has no multiplayer. And I really don't mind it. Who even plays AC MP? It's dull and gets boring soon. However, the MP's stalking and killing part was transfered to the SP and you fight AI stalkers instead of other players. I think they really overdid this, because even after taking down all the gang HQs and hostile settlements, there were stalkers everywhere. It's distracting and just too much. You can't get rid of them permanently.

If you buy all the DLCs, there's really a lot of weapons, outfits and collectibles you can obtain. They all are nice and cool. But I feel that the game was artificially made longer through these optional collectible and economical missions, hiding the fact that the main story is quite short. There are only six short sequences and few short present day tasks between them. I'd say, if you ignore the collectibles, forts and outposts, you can finish the game in about 10 hours or even less.

Also, with each new game released after AC3 it starts to feel more and more that Ubisoft just sticks to a certain recipe. It's, as if the market department is the one writing the stories and deciding which concepts to keep and which to introduce. Sadly, AC starts to feel like a generic experience.

Nevertheless, AC: Rogue is my second most favourite AC title so far. I really liked the gameplay. The story was good, too, although somewhat primitive and rushed.

My overall rating: 8.5/10
 

Dimitri Cosmos
449 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2016
If you must choose between Black Flag and this, get Black Flag.

If you liked Black Flag, get this.

If you're just looking for a game, get this.


I MAKE MYOWN LUCK
 

rusia monky
403 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2017
40+ hours of exploring and mindlessly collecting collectibles. By the time I write this review Im already completed 100% of what the game offered. Main story is short(6 Sequences) but yet very interesting with lot of memorable momments. New mechanincs added to the game such as Gas Mask and Grenade Launcher and tons of new activities around the world. Definitely not worth it for 19.99$, recommend to pick up this game on sale !
 

Retiring Gamer
1,117 products in account
1
27 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2021
If I spent as much time looking at porn as I did looking for a reason to play this game then maybe I could write a better review, but as it stands if you’ve played AC4, or even 3, there is no reason to play this.

For the first time, not including the opener to AC3, you get to play as a templar. Does this shake the gameplay to its very core, no. Does this bring in new weaponry and ways to traverse the world, no. Does this change the narrative of the story in a way a regular AC game couldn’t do, also no.

This game is by no means bad, it’s quite good in fact. Pirating is still fun. This world is still immersive. The combat is still enjoyable, but if you’ve played Black Flag, then you’ve played this game.

You’d think that playing as a templar would really spice things up… you’d also be wrong. Shay is a man who makes his own luck and is the most serviceable protagonist you’ll ever meet. Everything he does, everything he says is just, “yeah most people would probably do that.” He doesn’t really have an arc, he doesn’t really have anything important to say, and as a result personal investment is whatever you decide it to be.

One positive I will give Rouge is the length of its story, it’s the shortest in the franchise. While that sounds bad it isn’t, out of the entire game I think there was maybe one tailing mission, thank ♥♥♥♥. Most missions are done fantastically, with scenes like the Lisbon earthquake to be one of the most memorable in the series.
If rouge had a story like AC2, or even something like AC1, I think it could have been the best Assassin’s Creed game to date, the gameplay just screams no filler and years of refinement, but it doesn’t. The story is so inconsequential it doesn’t matter, nothing you do has weight, and everything feels insignificant. At the end of something like Black Flag, I just sat in my chair thinking, what an experience. At the end of Rouge, I got up and grabbed some water thinking, that was fun. Because it is fun, but that’s it.

I’ll still recommend this game, because it’s the most consistent fun I’ve had in any Assassin’s Creed game so far, but it left me with nothing.
 

BackToSchoolAds
66 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2020
2020 Honest Review

Aspect	Reviews
Graphics	A little bit improvement from AC IV : Black Flag. Feels like a DLC.
Gameplay	AC Rogue is Black Flag in different timeline (took setting in 7 years' war). Same mechanism : Naval combat with a little change in ship's weapons, capturing forts, fleet battle, treasure puzzles, Abstergo hacking PC, hunting animals (and harpooning), etc. Added grenades in weapons choices, stalkers lurking behind you, Assassin Interception as the substitution of Assassin contract and capture gang HQ. They also re-introduced renovation and income system like the old AC game (Ezio's). Bigger maps (and 3 different maps) and more collectibles. These are actually improvements from AC IV : Black Flag, but I feel, this is just the way Ubisoft trying to make playtime higher because the story is relatively short compared to another previous AC main titles.
Story	Too short maybe? But It's okay because this title connecting between AC III, AC IV : Black Flag (Haytham Kenway & Adewale), this game itself, and AC Unity (Arno and Elise). Master Shay Cormac shows us the Templar's Order perspective, from ex-Assassin and become Assassin hunter. Unique story indeed, you're a Templar but still Assassin.
Price	Cheap but get the BUNDLE. 4 titles in order.
System requirements	Running stable 60 FPS with RX 580.
Bugs	Sometimes I struggle with sword combat, I don't know this is a bug or the game itself isn't as fluid as AC IV : Black Flag.
Patch updates	No more updates.
Others	I MAKE MY OWN LUCK.

OVERALL : 8.5/10. Actually this is a truly good game and I recommend it. But, after completing AC IV : Black Flag with 95% completion and immediately play this series, I find it useless to get highest completion possible in this title. Everything is the same (Ship's upgrades, Character's upgrade and crafting). Ubisoft only improves and adds more things (collectibles) just to make us play this game longer than it should be. Completed the story mode in 17 hours with 59% completion (Actually I can did it faster, but I spent more time to improve my ship).
 

divinney
106 products in account
0
79 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
73.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2015
In Assassin's Creed Rogue:

you get to be a templar whilst still having the hidden-blades
you get an air-rifle with silent grenade-launcher
you get dual-wield a la espada y daga
you get a gas mask to counter smoke-bombs
you get hunted by the assassins whilst hunting them
you get to use templar naval weapons for your ship
you get to explore the icy northern seas
you get to be the story that fill-in between Connor Kenway and Arno Dorian
you get to see what happened to the American Brotherhood before Connor Kenway
you get to experience Black Flag styled gameplay with much more challenges

I recommend this game.
 

medavroog
826 products in account
2
71 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
86.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2015
ASSASSINS CREED ROGUE -SHOW & TELL


YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0


Is Assassins Creed Rogue another title where you stab, sneak and kill your way to defeat the Templars?

NO!

In Assassins Creed Rogue you play a turncoat called Shay Mcormack, who has sided with templar order. You''ll cut your way through the historical setting of the seven years war! The Assassin can run, but they can't hide as you have the ability to detect assassins in hiding.

Old patterns are done but in a different form making playing from the side of a templar a fresh look at the series with already well established mechanics.

It bloody runs well too and it should do as well, its the third game where they used assets from previous games with practically the same graphical settings, models etc guess third time is the charm.
 

MotherDelta
198 products in account
1
26 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2018
it's like black flag but cold
 

YaoyorozuRising
1,305 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2021
irish man stabs people
 

tomie
201 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
33.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2021
Assassin’s Creed® Rogue

=== [] ===
☐ No Difficulty
☑ Easy
☐ Standard
☐ Big Learning Curve
☐ Hard
☐ Impossible

=== [] ===
☐ Everyone
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Mature

=== [] ===
☐ What Is This?
☐ Bad
☐ Acceptable
☐ Good
☑ Great
☐ Stylistic
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

=== [] ===
☐ Bad
☐ Nothing Special
☑ Good
☐ Great
☐ Beautiful
☐ I´m Gonna Cry

=== [] ===
☐ This Game Has No Story
☐ Nothing Special
☑ It´s Alright
☐ Well Written
☐ Epic Story
☐ Thinking About It, When I Sleep

=== [] ===
☐ Nothing To Grind
☑ Isn't Necessary To Progress (Unless you want to do the little events)
☑ Average Grind Level
☐ A Lot Of Grinding
☐ You‘ll Need A Second Life For Grinding

=== [] ===
☐ Free
☐ Underpriced
☑ Perfect Price
☐ Could Be Cheaper
☐ Overpriced

=== [] ===
☐ A Toaster Could Run This
☐ Low
☑ Average
☐ Above Average
☐ High End
☐ NASA Computer

=== [] ===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 4 hours)
☐ Short ( 4 - 12 hours)
☑ Average ( 12 - 24 hours)
☐ Long ( 24+ hours)
☐ Multiplayer/Neverending

=== [] ===
☐ Game itself is a bug
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs (Just annoying little things like unable to climb certain trees or cliffs)
☐ Nothing

=== [] ===
☐ I´d Rather Watch Grass Grow
☐ Hard To Enjoy
☐ Repetitive
☐ It's Okay
☑ Fun To Be Had For Sure
☐ The Kind Of Fun You Will Remember
☐ Life Changing

=== [] ===
☐ One-Time Experience
☑ Only For Achievements
☐ If You Wait A Few Months/Years
☐ Definitely
☐ Infinitely Replayable/Multiplayer

=== [] ===
☐ No
☐ Wait For A Sale
☑ Yes
☐ I Can´t Recommend It Enough

TOP 3 FUN THINGS TO DO:
⭐️Controlling a ship.
⭐️Using the new weapon.
⭐️Collecting treasures and relics.

THE UNIQUES:
💎1700's (Pirate era)
💎Historical events.
💎Ship management.

PLAYER GAMING REQUIREMENTS:
💼Parkour.
💼Action.
💼Assassins.

VERDICT:
This title was a little too similar to Black Flag, I know it's based in the same timeline but nothing felt original, they certainly kept the seed to Black Flag which leads me to think that the devs we're being a little lazy, other than this, everything else is great! The story is average and the gameplay was amazing, the one thing Ubisoft always delivers on without fail.

I'm also getting the suspicion that the Creed family aren't as good as we first thought, we saw what the Assassin's were doing and It's understandable why Shay switched to the Templars. Hopefully it's a disillusion, even with that said, the Templars aren't all that bad either. It was nice to see more of their side.
Total Score = 81/100.

SIMILAR GAME LIKE THIS? / REVIEWER PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE:
Assassins Creed franchise

GAMEPLAY:
This is the seventh major installment in the Assassin's Creed series, and is set between 2013's Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag and 2012's Assassin's Creed III with its final mission being the prologue to 2014's Assassin's Creed Unity.

The plot is set in a fictional history of real-world events and follows the centuries-old struggle between the Assassins, who fight for peace with free will, and the Templars, who desire peace through control. Principally set in the mid-18th century. The story follows Shay Patrick Cormac, an Irish American Assassin-turned-Templar who hunts down former members of his Brotherhood after becoming disillusioned with their tactics. As I said in my verdict, the gameplay in Rogue is very similar to that of Black Flag with a mixture of ship-based naval exploration and third-person land-based exploration with some new features.

■■■■■■■■□□ 8 / 10
Oh.... guess i'm bad then?

RECOMMEDED SPECS:
OS: Windows 8/8.1
Processor: Intel Core i5 2400s / AMD FX-6100
Graphics: nVidia GeForce GTX 560Ti / AMD Radeon HD 6870
Storage: 12 GB available space

Review to Assassin's Creed II: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/33230

Review to Assassin's Creed Brotherhood: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/48190/

Review to Assassin's Creed Revelations: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/201870/

Review to Assassin's Creed III: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/911400/

Review to Assassin’s Creed® Liberation HD: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/260210/

Review to Assassin’s Creed® IV Black Flag™: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/242050/

Review to Assassin's Creed® Unity: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/289650/

Review to Assassin's Creed® Syndicate: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/368500/

Review to Assassin's Creed® Origins: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202022263/recommended/582160/
 

Rapid Shadow
623 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
543.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑️ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑️ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑️ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☑️ Kids
☑️ Teens
☑️ Adults
☐ Human

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☑️ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑️ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑️ Average
☐ Long


---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑️ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑️Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved

Story :
Well i liked the most of the story. According to me some part of the story was a bit boring. Well i will rate the story 7/10. It also has some bugs but not game breaking.

Game is really great. Its really worth your money and long enough story to keep you hooked in. Your money will be well spent. Now many will say its an offline game and crack is available, so why buy this game. My answer will be firstly for a safe download + you get back to the game whenever you want. If you are series of this fan its worth it, just pick it up on a sale and your wallet will be happy :D
 

Black Machanic
184 products in account
6
42 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2021
Is it just me or are the side activities much better in this game than Black Flag and the environments?

Also HOW come this game has a metascore of 74 and an user one of 7.2? Deserves an 8 from me, imo.
 

Khrainos🧿
4,377 products in account
1
45 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2015
I'm not going to tell you that Assassin's Creed: Rogue is a good game. Since AC:3 it's my firm belief that Ubisoft has gotten out of touch with what makes Assassin's Creed such a great francise. Gone are the days of mystery and intrigue, of skillful assassinations and deep character development. In my opinion AC:1 was an absolute masterpiece, with AC: Revelations finishing off Ezio's story perfectly. Since then Assassin's Creed's quality as a series has diminished. Technologically the Assassin's Creed series has flourished, with the world and people becoming much more beautiful. However the story has fallen flat, the idea of 'genetic memories' and Abstergo is being stretched thin beyond its limits. We all thought after Ezio we would finally see the modern day AC game, but that does not seem to be within Ubisofts sights. They wish to continue milking the series with progressively worse off games. Unity was a turning point for Ubisoft. If they mess up the next game, thats it for the series in my eyes.

All of this aside, AC: Rogue does make me happy. It may not be technologically the best AC game, with last gen graphics and none of the improvements that AC: Unity recieved (Although this is more of a blessing considering how shoddy Unity's engine was) However AC: Rogue story once again makes me giddy to play the game, to push forward with the new character, Shay Cormac, my new favorite protaganist. He is the first Assassin to become more self aware since Altaiir, and see that the world is not so black and white, Templars and Assassins. After seeing the darkness and ignorance of Assassin's he goes off on his own, to seek his own path. This leads him to become Templar, and therefore fufill his wish to help the world and atone for his sins.

Cormac is easily one of the best protaganist since Ezio, with an amazing voice actor and real emotions and a true goal. Not only that, but he is also the most well-equipped of the protaganists. Not since Ezio has an assassin had so much gear to choose from. This makes playing as Cormac exciting to play both as a stealth character and a fighter.

The game also loses out on having Assassin minions but it gains the fresh mechanic of constantly being hunted by Assassins, which you must dispatch.

Is Assassin's Creed Rogue a good game? That you will have to decide for yourself. As a whole it is one of my favorite in the series, with the best leading character, the biggest arsenal, fully realized naval warefare, new mechanics, and the chance to be a Templar. The story is short but intense, it took me 15 hours to complete with slight deviation, and I have barely scratched the surface with extra content, as usual AC games are satisfying to complete 100%.

I have changed sides. The Templars are humanities salvation. See the world through Shay Patrick Cormac's eyes and decide for yourself. May the Father of Understanding guide you.
 

Riley de la Croix
263 products in account
1
54 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2018
❤ Audience ❤
☑ Beginner
☑ Casual Gamer
☑ Normal Gamer
☐ Expert

☼ Graphics ☼
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Fantastic

♬ Music ♬
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Fantastic

☠ Difficulty ☠
☑ Easy
☐ Average
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard
☐ Unfair

§ Bugs §
☐ Bugs destroy the game
☐ Lots of bugs
☑ Few Bugs [sometimes objects or npc's clipping and physics glitches]
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing encountered

☯ Story ☯
☐ There is none
☐ Bad
☑ Alright [it starts out interesting but gets pretty implausible after the first half]
☐ Good
☐ Fantastic

⚔ Gameplay ⚔
☐ Frustrating
☐ Sleepy
☐ Boring
☑ Fun [not as good as ACIII or IV but still enjoyable]
☑ Challenging [like in Black Flag the only real challenge are the legendary ships]

۞ Game time / Length ۞
☐ Really short (0 - 3 hours)
☐ Short (4 - 8 hours)
☑ Few hours (10 - 15 hours) [if you focus on the main story]
☑ Long (20-40 hours) [if you complete everything]
☐ Very Long (51-100 hours)
☐ Extremely Long (101+ hours)

$ Price / Quality $
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for Sale
☐ Don't buy
☐ Refund it if you can
 

HoneyVanillaPie
795 products in account
2
171 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
This game combines some of the best aspecs of Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag in terms of the naval battles, ship upgrades (without having to dive anymore.. thank god) along with a much healthier dose of the regular AC stuff... hunting is still in the game and has been overhauled to be much more interesting, plus the chases for shanties and the like aren't nearly as hard as they were in AC4.

They really listened to everyone and created an amazing game that runs smooth as silk.
 

Bacon Overlord®
5,091 products in account
1
34 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2018
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☑ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

===[]===
☑ Full price
☑ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☑ Medium
☑ Fast
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☑ Long ( 12+ hours)
☐ Endless

===[] ===
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

===[]===
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ Nothing
 

Eloung
195 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 30
"I make my own luck"
 

BR0WS3RD0N
21 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
25 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
76.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 17
It took them 7 years to give the player the ability to play as the good guys
 

Fire Emblem Hooters
90 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
82.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2019
The same year, when AC Unity was released, Ubisoft gave us another Assassin's Creed game. Rogue completes the North-American Trilogy with AC III and AC IV, and turns as well into the story of Unity.

When you start playing Rogue you could have the feeling to play Black Flag in another setting. It is located during the Seven Years War, and the character we play is Shay Patrick Cormac, a young assassin who is still learning , but also questioning if everything the assassins teach him is the truth. After he was sent on a special mission and made fatefull experience, he decides to leave the Brotherhood of Assassins and finds after that his way to the Order of the Templars. This is the first AC game in which we play a templar most of the time during the story. There aren't any historical persons, but many other ones you already know from AC III, AC IV and Unity as well.

The setting is New York, River Vally and North Atlantic, the map is similar to the one from Black Flag. River Valley and North Atlantic map are ones with many little islands where you have to go first with your ship to unlock fast travel. Also the feeling that there is a war in the background can always be seen when you ship through the water and see the French and British ships fighting against each other.

The graphics is comparable to Black Flag, Islands and landscapes with forests and winter and ice are amazing to walk through. I had maybe to little glitches. Even the game was released at the same time as Unity, the graphics isnt that good, its just a little bit better than in Black Flag. I was playing the game for over 80 hours, had always the highest settings and had no framerate issues.

The combat system is exactly as in Black Flag so there are no problems with learning something new. New is the airrilfe, with which you can shoot sleep or berserk arrows and grenades which is pretty cool, because it allows you many new ways and tactics to solve problems. The Parcour system is also the same, nothing new here.

You have again many things to do in Rogue, climbing viewpoints, chests with money, templar artifacts, buying buildings, missions agains the assassins, naval campaign and many many more, so there is enough time you can spend with that game, also the challenges and uplay achievments, upgradeing your ship etc.

A feature that is implemented since Assassins Creed Brotherhood are the optional missions which you need to do to get 100% of the game. You always to have look during a mission what are those tasks because they are not shown on the HUD.

At least there are also a couple of DLC's, but most of them are time saving packs, which shows you on the maps where to find things or gives you some ressources for your ship and things like that. One of those DLCs is sending you on a mission to collect 20 artifacts for the Sir Gunn armor which is pretty nice.


Pros:

- beautiful and detailed graphics
- very good story, many known characters
- North America (NY, River Valley, North Atlantic) as setting is awesome and full of life
- many sidequests and little things to do
- stealth is important
- combat system is more interesting, because of the airrifle
- home base
- character customization
- Naval missions
- Shay Patrick Cormac's story from the view of the templars

Cons:

- Glitches
- not many new things, most of it is known from Black Flag

In conclusion Assassins Creed Rogue is a great game. Real fans of the series will love this game too and in my opinion I only can say that I had fun playing it over 80 hours to get everything and to reach 100%.
Now I am going to continue with Assassins Creed: Syndicate

Thanks for reading this review and I hope you like it. If there are any questions you write me in the comments.
 

Monkey D. Ruffy
815 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2016
If you liked Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag, here's more of it!
In a way similar to what Brotherhood or Revelations were to AC2, this game uses the exact same engine and gameplay mechanics as AC4, but takes place elsewhere and also adds a lot of new gimmicks and side activities. For example, since you play a Templar, you have sidequests to protect assassination targets instead of killing them. You get a silenced rifle for the sleep/berserk darts, with an extra dart type to detonate explosive barrels or attract attention to where it was shot. You also get a grenade launcher that has explosive/sleep/berserk grenades. All of this is fun to use to fool around with the enemies, who mostly aren't a challenge (unless you're always trying to not get spotted).
Piracy, whaling, hunting and crafting are back, diving is gone, those super ships are in again, there's a lot more areas to explore and convoys to raid, ship weapons are mostly the same, there's more types of collectibles, and the British soldiers are your friends this time (sort of).
Like AC4, it's not a game that's very concerned with stealth. There's the occasional (side) objective to not get spotted, but you can generally kill a whole street worth of dudes to escape.
One annoying addition to the game: hidden assassins. You'll hear whispers growing louder as you approach an assassin who's hidden in the bushes, on the roof, or in a crowd. If you come too close, they'll dart out and stab you, then run away again. There's a LOT of these dudes, but fortunately if you kill them, they stay gone.

Story-wise, it takes place between AC4 and AC3, and uses characters from both. I assume it would be pretty hard to follow if you hadn't played both AC3 and 4 before. There's a visit to another AC game later on, but it's more of a cameo. It's an absolutely non-essential story if that's all you're here for, but then they've all kind of felt like that since Ezio's trilogy ended. The way the main character defects from the Assassins and how steadfast he is in remaining with the Templars are kind of wonky, as is the main character's Irish accent. Thematically it's a new spin on things, with you hunting down your old associates, but not enough time was spent with them beforehand to really have that make an impact.
The meta-story takes place in the same setting AC4 did; Abstergo Entertainment - a Templar front company. I don't think you're the same character from AC4, but it's not that clear. While AC4's meta-story had hints of what happened to the First Civilization, this one doesn't. It's honestly not essential either, but the documents you find do flesh out the backstory somewhat.

So if you want more AC4, here you go. If you want the next evolution in Assassin's Creed mechanics, or a story that feels like more than a stopgap, look into Assassin's Creed Unity (pretty underrated from what I've played so far).
 

iwem.xo
2,993 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2017
A damn good Assasins Creed game but an even better 17th century naval combat simulator. Seriouly somehow the sailing and cannons and whatnots feel much better in this game than they do in AC4: Black Flag. Well worth the $6 it costs right now! ALSO THERES EVEN MORE SEA SHANTIES!!!!
 

sulidos
78 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2016
Pros:
1: No stupid tailing missions and the like, each main story mission is fun.
2: Good characters, while some I wish had seen some more screen time, we will adress that in cons. The main protaganist, Shay, develops and chaneges a lot throught the story, questioning his path the entire way.
3:Good ship combat, taken straight from AC:4 Black flag, this combat feels a lot deadlier in these northern climates, as ice bergs and the new addition of burning oil spices up naval combat.
4:Good modern story, you are still a random "researcher" for Abstergo, but you actually have an impact this time, helping the templars dimoralize the assasins with Shay's story.
5:Ties into AC 3, 4, and Unity. This game is the ultimate branch between these games, with a young Achillies from AC 3, and old Adewale from AC 4, and a special apperance from Arno's father, who is in Unity.
6:Great graphics, Ubisoft really pulled off the rugged north of Vinland and the Gulf of St.Lawrence
7:Playes very well into the actual historical events of the 7 years war (or the French and Indian war here in Merica), you see many prominant figures, including James Cook, George Washington and more.

Cons:
1:New York from AC 3 is ported straight over, and shows the lack of dev time avalible due to Unity.
2:Short, if I had not 100% the game, I could have done the main story in about 6 hours.
3:Characters needed more time, Characters you meet who end up dying, you are supposed to feel somthing, but you met most of them for five minutes at the beggining of the game, and then again at the end.
4:The switch to Templar is way to fast, Shay goes from a Assassin to Templar in the first act of the game, so about 1 hour. I think he should have been with the creed a bit more to show why he left and to develop the other assasins.
5:Collectibles, it wouldn't be an Ubisoft game without hundreds of random collectibles all over the map for some stupid outfit you will never wear.
6:The hacking mini game in the real world, very tedious and boringly easy, or very hard.

Overall:
A good game that could have been better, if given more dev time. If Ubisoft hadn't put out two AC games in one year and just focused on Rogue then Unity, most of my cons would have been addressed. I would say pick it up if you enjoy AC games, the naval combat of AC 4 or 3, or want to see how a developer can pull of the frozen north well. Otherwise, pick this game up on sale.
 

Krogan
325 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
60.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2020
PROS:
+ interesting templar story
+ naval exploration & combat
+ Man O' War & Legendary ship battles
+ present day story & additonal lore
+ beautiful visuals and environment
+ really cool soundtrack (+ sea shanties!)

CONS:
- uPlay
- couple of glitches & game crashes
- many unskippable cutscenes
- rather short story
- too many useless collectibles

Comment:
This is a spin-off game in the series (like AC Liberation) and not a main entry. After making an unlikeable protagonist in AC3, and having assassin's as a sideline for a pirate adventure in AC4, them made this game. Although on PC it came out after AC Unity, the timeline of AC Rogue is set before AC3 (Animus) / AC Unity (present time) and after AC4 (Animus & present time). Without spoiling anything, this entry was made to show the templar side and make the conflict less black & white and more of a grey area. At least it tried to do so. Story starts weak where you play as assassin Shay Cormac who starts out as an ulikeable prick (even has a goatee). Then comes a good midgame with character development and motivations. But then then end abrubtly reverts back to old habits. I guess this was meant so the next game you root for the assassins again but it ruined any development that happened. But you do get cool tie-in with AC Unity. Gameplay is very derivative from AC4, in fact I like and dislike roughly the same things. If you liked AC4 there is a chance you might like this one. Except AC4 was new, with a rich pirate story and here the game gets sort of tedious and boring with all the collectibles. Wish they had focused on more of the story because that is what breaks the monotony. Old-school tailing missions, target assassinations and events like Lisbon I found fun. The naval missions campaign mini-games is something I have to pinpoint as unlikeable. It was not great in AC4 either but here it unlocks in 5 waves (after each sequence) and still takes real time to do the ship missions. It is optional but reward items are tied to it so it is needed to 100% the game. The best sword is tied to finishing all of them but by that time you probably do not need it. That being said, the game is doable with just hidden blades and berserk darts (sometimes sleep darts). This is not a bad game at all. Just really bland, too much fetch stuff and the ship stuff somehow feels without a purpose when you are not a pirate. I end up recommending it but there are definitely better AC games out there...

P.S.: Deluxe Edition DLCs: Explorer pack (weapons + ship items), Templar Legacy pack (missions + weapons + skins + ship items), Activities Pack (time saver), Collectibles Pack (time saver), Resource Pack (time saver), Technology pack (time saver). uPlay unlockable DLCs: Ship Customization and Pistol set (weapon + ship items), Katana and Wakizashi set (weapon), Assassin Killer Outfit (skin, with built-in gas mask).
------------------------------------------------------------------
If you liked this review you can find more on the Curator page or in my Review Corner.
 

Artibius
618 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2020
Gameplay: 10/10
Graphics: 9/10
Story: 8/10
Soundtrack: 10/10
Length: Short (Completed on 100% by 26 hrs)
System requirements: Low-end PC
Worth buying: If you liked AC4:Black Flag - Yes

Verdict: DLC that calls itself a game
 

DanirocK
203 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2017
Mechanically and in terms of its main character, AC: Rogue is one of my favorites in the series. Shay's story arc is remarkably good, and further dilutes the "good versus evil" mentality of the other games by presenting both the Assassins and the Templars in a more sobering light. It's also a very good game to boot, built on the bones of Black Flag without many changes to that formula. There are some grating story parts - the Abstergo stuff is wildly unnecessary and just drags the whole thing down, as it does in almost every AC game, and there's a buildup to a conclusion that just lacks the emphatic punch the developers wanted.

Overall, though, I think it's up there with Brotherhood and Black Flag as one of my favorites in the series. Definitely worth a shot if you're looking for an open world fix without having to shell out the full price of a new AC game.
 

sparky_buzzsaw (Cam)
1,501 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
42.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2020
Short Review,
If you liked Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag, you'll like this streamlined one.

Chronical order,
Assassin’s Creed: Rogue takes place after the events Black Flag (the dlc Freedom Cry is hardly mentioned)
and before the events of AC3 and AC: Unity.

Story,
You start of as the assassin named Shay Cormac, whom realizes that the Colonial / American Assassin Brotherhood doesn't strictly uphold the creed. They make use of local gangs, hunt down Pieces of Eden, and try to maximise their terroritorial power without any morals. Shay notices his brothers and sisters have no qualms killing innocents, aslong it reaches their goal. When he speaks up, they ignore him. When he starts to cripple the Assassins without spilling blood, he gets hunt down. Some time later, he gathered attention from the Templars, whom gave him food, shelter, and the attention to the dangers of the Pieces of Eden. Shay realizes aslong the Assassins are in power, nothing will be safe from the chaos. And so, Shay starts becoming the hunter, and bring order to all.

Meanwhile in the Modern age, you're still the unnamed intern / analyst from Black Flag. You've lost your security access and while you accessed the genetic memories of Shay, you activated a virus that corrupts Abstergos servers. Luckily, Abstergo sees you are the perfect person to restore the servers and Otso Berg, an independent contractor brought in to restore Abstergo's security and shutdown any possible security holes. He is very interested in the story behing Shay Cormac and instructs you to pursue full syncronisation with the former Assassin. You later realize he's actually a Templar, and hunts down any possible Assassin.

Both stories are short but easy to follow. The modern age story consists out of the intern / analyst becoming a Templar, and the events that led Otto Berg to Abstergo Entertaiment and becoming a Templar himself, which is mostly told through messages and audio logs, which you need to find scattered through Abstergo Entertaiment.

Gameplay,
The gameplay is mostly the same as in Black Flag. You do however start out with your weapons sooner, and get full weapons access by Sequence 3, except for the unique collectibles. You sail around in 2 worldspaces, where 1 is mostly covered by ice and snow, and the other the wild frontier from AC3. There is a smaller worldspace where you need to liberate assassins hideouts, which plays out like the multiplayer from Black Flag. You also get access to grenades, which your can only throw / launch, and have the same effects as the darts but in an area of effect. While you liberate gang / assassin hideouts and renovate buildings, you'll earn some money every hour. This can be further increased by finding certain collectibles. You also have all the tavern minigames of Black, which you can find / play at any tavern you unlock. The Fleet minigame is back aswell, which you can play leisurely at your own ship or most places you manage to unlock.

In the modern age, same gameplay of Black Flag applies, however only a single style hacking minigame takes place, which increases in difficulty depending on the security access. You only have to play it 4 times during the entire game, if you can't be bothered to hunt down some lore tidbits. Instead of finding QR Codes, you find scattered tablets which shows you communication messages between Abstergo Entertaiments personnel.

Graphics,
Again, same as Black Flag but marginally better. There is a better water effect, and it's mostly colder since the story takes place in Northern America. In the modern age, it's winter so if you go outside, you'll see snow. That's pretty much it.

Collectibles / Achievements,
As usual with most Assassins Creed games, there are a lot. However I do find them easier to collect in Rogue than it was in Black Flag or AC3, since there is more fast travel points to fall back on. There are even some hidden collectibles if you want to go for it, but not neccessary for full 100%. This is also one of the few AC games that doesn't need any friends or internet (citation needed) to complete 100%, which is a huge boon in my book.

Final verdict,
An excellent, but short, Assassins Creed game.
It has all the necessary elements to make it enjoyable, and none of the grind.
If you prefer the story elements of the franchise, skip this as Rogue doesn't contribute much to the AC lore.
 

TDarkShadow
1,033 products in account
1
38 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2018
+Short but good stories
+Connects the stories of AC3 and AC4
-Seems like a DLC of Black Flag
-Boring open world
 

jeffrey1017
137 products in account
4
21 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
31.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2020
Super underrated Assassin's Creed game. Just wish you could remove the 60 fps cap.
 

DetectiveMelon
292 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2017
Assassin's Creed Rogue, is a good game despite of the flaws. I finish the game in 21 hours with sidetracking for the side missions and collectibles. If you focus on the main mission alone, you could finish it in 10-12 hours its way much shorter than the previous AC>

Pro:
- Naval battle is good. Smoother than Black Flag
- Good song while traveling with ship
- Ok story, the ending is will cover some parts of the next AC Unity

Cons:
- Short, too short. AC IV has more story missions than this game.
- Too many collectibles, typical Ubi's lack of creativity "open" world game, if you have OCD, buying this game is a bad idea.
- Apparently there is no lip sync in this game.

If you are a fan or just like naval battle, get this game when its on sale. Dont buy it on full price, cause its not worth that much, you dont want to pay 60 bucks for a game about collectibles arent you?
 

Pikapool
1,007 products in account
2
53 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2019
€ PRICE / QUALITY

☐"IT'S A TRAP!"(Admiral Ackbar)
☐ "That'll do, pig. That'll do."(James Cromwell)
☑ "SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!"(Philip J. Fry)

PC REQUIREMENTS

☐Minimum
☑Medium
☐High
☐ Extreme

GRAPHICS

☐Cheap
☐Acceptable
☑Masterpiece

GAME TIME (hours)

☐ 0>2
☐ 2>5
☑ 5>15
☐ 15>30
☐ 30>50
☐ 50>75
☐ 75>100
☐ 100>?

STORY

☐ None
☐Bad
☐Good
☑Amazing

DIFFICULTY

☑Simple
☐Easy to learn, hard to master
☐Hard
☐Blackhole (FiolaSoft Studio)
☐Impossible

BUGS

☐Game itself is one big BUG
☐Bugs destroying the game
☐Bugs
☐Few little bugs
☑Perfect
 

TheRIS0
407 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2017
Fun mix between AC 3 and AC 4

It has the colonial american setting of 3 and the naval gameplay of 4 although I personally enjoyed the caribbean more than the north atlantic. The protaganist, shay cormac, becomes a templar early on which is the first for the series besides being able to play haythem at the beginning of 3. He is one of the more interesting protagaonists of the series and it's nice to see shades of grey between the templars and assassins. Most of the naval combat is optional and there is not a lot of it during the story missions and sequences. Like most recent assassin's creed games or at least this trilogy of colonial american assassin's creed games, the non-story activities are most fun and the game is at it's best when you are not doing the same tailing or following an npc missions. I would recommend this game if you really love black flag like I do and want to have a jolly good time sailing the seas.
 

Colonel_47
468 products in account
1
38 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2018
I played this game for almost 21+ hours and got 100% completionist, and I'm not surprised that this game will get a remastered version. Why?

1. The mechanical on this game is almost perfect after Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.
2. The map on this game has some significant landscapes and exciting places for taking a screenshot or completing the site, like opening chests, etc. I'm so grateful that the uncharted things like memory sync and crates on the different maps are more petite than Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.
3. This game is easy to complete, especially for the collectibles and primary memory sync. They all have some easy tasks except for the Man O' War's mission and Hope's Mission which got me some trouble getting 100%.
4. I recommended buying the Deluxe Version to get all of the DLC. If you get all the DLC, you don't need to worry about unlocking outfits, equipment, pistol, etc.
5. The song on this game is the best thing that I heard after the Assassin's Creed game, like the opening theme and the Agnus Dei song. It's so calming to listen, especially if you're down after you work/study hard in your real life.
6. I like how they added a button to skip it for the battleship map thing, so we don't get bored seeing the battle.
7. It's easy to farm the materials and the money of this game. If you want to try opening all of the regions, you will get almost 35k per 30 minutes if you play the game, and in total, you don't need to hunt again. Just buy the material to craft all items that you need. You need to go to the North Atlantic map and farm Man O' War there for like 30 minutes for the materials. If you work hard, you will get your ship a 100% complete upgrade after 3 - 5 hours.

For the minus thing that I still didn't like:
The synchronization thing on some maps like Ruisseau du Renard viewpoint always has a bug that after you sync to the view, you will see that the viewpoint sync is still locked, but you synced it before. This bug is similar to Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag on Cat Island. I don't know why this bug still exists to this day. Either no one reported it, or the game team is lazy to fix it, but I'm happy that the support ticket that I sent got replied to saying that they will look into this bug again, but for now, to get 100% completionist, you need to make a new game slot.

That's my experience that I play for this game. I recommend that you buy this game, especially if you like the AC series. For the remastered version? Worth? YES!!
 

JackDestiny01
2,089 products in account
3
23 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2016
So, basically, AC Rogue is what AC III would be like if it was running on Black Flag’s tech engine and if it wasn’t naïve – all in all that sounds promising; and it is. The show starts off as expected, with your character in the Assassin brotherhood and, predictably, disillusioned and turning to the Templars. From there on start a, regrettably short, campaign of an interesting story, that manages to portray the Templar Order from inside with a neutrality that was missing in the series. You do get to see the “other side” and you do get to see their point of view.

The Templar Order is stripped of its demonic cloak and is seen as a collection of individuals, many quite honourable and interesting (hail to thee Haytham Kenway) which simply have a different point of view to the world than the brotherhood.
Having played the game after Unity, I did immediately get the feeling of a step back in a technological level – the engine is lagging far behind that of Unity. The key aspects of what you saw in Black Flag are there, so everything is familiar (even the setting – a reminder of AC III). This is both good and bad, as you get that familiar tingling you got in Black Flag, however, the North Atlantic is not the Caribbean, so some of that magic is missing and additionally, you have seen it all before – so there is a weariness factor included.

Sadly, there is a mismatch between the shortness of the main storyline and the overabundance of extra content, making the game seem almost like an item collection game. This is not enough to ruin the game though, and if for nothing else, just to see the other side of the story for once, Rogue is worth your cheese.
 

Pandelis
50 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2021
pirat betray other pirat
 

Nexopryx
39 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
105.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2015
All I can say is: WOW.

Ubisoft really did a good job with this game. They really compensated the short storyline with heap loads of side activities, ranging from capturing gang headquarters, assisting the Brits in frontier clashes and intercepting Assassins. I mean seriously, the game even forces you to look for hunting goods to craft your upgrades! Otherwise you would have to spend an average of 1250 pounds to craft something.

I thouroughly reccomend it to AC fans.
 

Azaelus
187 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
177.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2017
This is honestly, in my opinion, the best Assassin's Creed game. It shows you the game threw the other point of view. It not only represents what the Templars are, but it makes it clear what they truly fight for. I love this game. Very recommended!
 

Sics
17 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
78.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
Intial Thoughts
I was a little apprehensive in buying this game after AC Unity. I wanted to skip this title because of the poor state of Unity in general upon release, but I am a fan of the series and so I blindly pre-ordered it taking yet another risk. I can safely say this game so far is very well done.

Graphics
The frame rate seems smooth and although I expected the graphics to look no better than Black Flag, being on the same engine, I have to say the games looks better in almost every respect. It is no AC Unity by any means, but the anniemations, physics, and details are pushed further than Black Flag with improved frame rate. AC Rogue runs great. It is obvious the extra six months in developement for PC was worth the wait.

Gameplay
The gameplay is smooth and what you would expect from AC. The game plays just like AC Black Flag. I am not saying this game is without glitches, but I have not experienced any crashes at all. I have however jumped out of trees and landed under part of the map structure like a rock twice. Porting out to another area solves the problem, but remains an inconvenience. I also dislike the camera view that oddly puts me out of combat at times and I must center my view to correct it.

Story
The story line is impressive and sets the transition for you to become a templar. I never thought Unbisoft would pull this story off so well after seven years of killing templars (release of Assassin's Creed 2007). I found the story itself a little lacking in that it seemed rushed at times or like a book that has had several chapters cut out to meet a page limit. But overall, the story does what it is ment to do and it does it well. Spoiler alert, if you have played AC III, you may have some mixed feeling about this story line.

Conclusion
If you have played earlier Assassin's Creed games, specifically Black Flag, you will feel right at home. If you have only played Unity, it is a step down in just about every respect except the bugs and lack of polish found with Unity's release. AC Rogue is designed on a dated engine for last gen consoles but it truely offers one of the best AC experiences to date. I honestly feel Ubisoft should have pushed Unity back another six months to a year and completed the release on Rogue on all platforms rather than holding Rogue back for PC only to push Unity for next gen. Unity was obviously not ready for release on any platform, especially PC while Rogue clearly is.


Assassins Creed Rogue - First Impressions 
A Video of AC Rogue Deluxe WW - Uplay activation
By: Volt
This is a first impressions of Assassin's Creeed Rogue on PC.
 

Volt
763 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
103.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2021
Best game because you can actually play as the good side for once.
We need more games from the Templar side.
 

Lord Mathias
106 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2020
I make my own luck.
 

runnin' up that hill
150 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2017
Good game if you liked Black flag you will like this :D
 

Deaths Knightmare
157 products in account
0
91 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Just like AC:Blackflag but with more gagets at your disposal.
 

Very Buttery Bread
1,203 products in account
7
107 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 12

Not Recommended
23.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2020
Assassin’s Creed has gone through a lot of changes over the year, but one of the last traditional Assassin’s Creed was Assassin’s Creed Rogue, which came out at the same time as Assassin's Creed Unity. Rogue was a follow up to Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag, that was left on the previous generation of consoles while Unity attempted to wow audiences. Both games were released in the same year, and it certainly shows.

It’s not that the team helming Assassin’s Creed Rogue didn’t try, in fact, I would say Assassin’s Creed Rogue’s team may have actually had the most chance to create something special and meaningful and in some ways have. However, the fact that this was created at the same time as Assassin’s Creed Unity, meant that there was always going to be a primary team and a secondary team, and it’s very clear that Assassin’s Creed Rogue being on the previous generation consoles was always going to be it.

However many fans including myself enjoyed Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag which was more of a pirate adventure than a typical Assassin’s Creed game, and it shows that Assassin’s Creed Rogue tries to do the same thing, though fails in a couple of ways.

The biggest problem is the story. I’m going to reveal a rather big spoiler here, but there’s enough information out that I’m not entirely sure Ubisoft was trying to hide this. For the second time in the series, players will take control of a Templar, but more importantly, this is the main character. The player controls Shay who starts as a typical and boring Assassin and becomes a Templar. Sadly the reason for this is poorly told as is much of the story. Stuff happens but as much as I tried to get interested in the story of intrigue most of the game just felt like reasons to set up the next mission.

The fact is, the story in Assassin’s Creed Rogue feels very poor and it’s one of the biggest problems with the game. I’ve seen it praised and while the concept of being a Templar could have been far more interesting, very little is done with it and worse, the game suffers for that lack of inspiration in the writing.

What’s worse is so many characters here just feel shallow, and have little purpose. You meet three friends when you join the Assassin’s but you learn a couple of lines about them and then when you turn to the Templars, you hunt them down and murder them violently. They’re better defined than previous villains in the game, but considering these are supposed to be former allies, it feels almost like the developers were afraid to give them personality as you might be upset by the betrayal.

I think that’s also the biggest problem with Assassin’s Creed Rogue, there’s a fear that players might side with the Templars in this game, but having hunted them down for four games previously, they still have to be the “bad guys” and rather than give a compelling and interesting reason to side with the Templars, it’s mostly treated as “There’s some bad Assassin’s” rather than “Templars have a valid point of views”.

Assassin’s Creed Rogue doesn’t challenge the player or the world of Assassin’s Creed outside of itself and that’s the biggest issue with it. It’s unable to tell a compelling story because it’s unable to treat the Templars as worthy of the player's compassion and yet that wouldn’t have harmed the universe. Two compelling viewpoints on how the world should be cultivated would create better stories, but Assassin’s Creed Rogue is unable or unwilling to take the steps there.

Even in the modern world, the game falls flat with how it treats the universe, and the company you are working for. With no spoilers, it’s again another missed opportunity to understand and attempt to connect with people.

And if you want to say “You’re not supposed to empathize with the Templars they’re the bad guys.” Then why are you playing as one? Why is at least half the game focused on the “evil” group? When Assassin’s Creed 3 can develop the Templars more thoroughly and with less focus, then Assassin’s Creed Rogue, something has clearly gone wrong with this game, and it’s something I struggle to accept.

The rest of Assassin’s Creed Rogue is mostly what you’ve seen before. Assassin’s Creed is Assassin’s Creed at this point in the series, and much of this game feels very similar to Assassin’s Creed 2, 3, or 4. The great seafaring from the fourth game is here, though with a little less purpose.

The game does offer a few new additions to the formula, including saving towns and taking out gang headquarters in a version of Manhattan but stealth and assassinations are the keys to this game and open combat is still on the dull side. There’s a lot to do, and many random areas to explore.

Though after playing through Assassin’s Creed Origins and Assassin’s Creed Odyssey I will confess that I enjoyed my time with Assassin’s Creed Rogue more. The ability to use the original version of stealth and instant kills feels far better than worrying about item stats and player levels. Players may be bored of open combat, but that’s because it was never the intended gameplay of the series at this point, and it’s a failure of the player to reach it, rather than a viable strategy.

The stealth here though feels a little weaker when compared to more modern stealth titles, especially those outside of Assassin’s Creed and while the levels are interesting, there are often “places to hide” laid out to tell players there’s a reason to hide in them.

Game design was a little weaker in 2014, but at the same time it worked for what Assassin’s Creed Rogue needed and I enjoyed my time playing through it.

Overall though, Assassin’s Creed Rogue is a hard game to piece together. This was a return to the style of gameplay this series excelled at before Microtransactions and Live Services necessitated a change. Players who have become disillusioned with the modern offerings might want to give Assassin’s Creed Rogue a shot however I would only recommend that after playing every Assassin’s Creed up to this point in the series, as most of them are more interesting and done better.

And on the Arbitrary scale of Arbitrariness, that’s a

5/10.

It’s an enjoyable game, which has some good moments of gameplay, but it is brought down by a story that could not excel. It also constantly feels like this was a game that was made to hold over fans on a series of consoles that Ubisoft didn’t care much about and that lack of care is clear in the final product here.

Note: This view was based on Assassin’s Creed Rogue that is available on Steam, which is not the Remastered edition, but since that edition hasn’t changed the story or the gameplay, players can assume Assassin’s Creed Rogue Remastered Edition would get the same score from me. A new layer of graphics doesn’t really change the problems with this game.

If you enjoyed this review and want to see more from me, including more in-depth reviews of select games, check out my youtube channel at youtube.com/c/KinglinkReviews.
 

King Link
2,489 products in account
5
16 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
305.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2020
The best game of the entire series. It is emotinal and heartbreaking, really pulls you in. I feel so much for Shay. I literally cry in this at some of the things he says. I wont tell you what so as not spoil but believe me its amazing. Highly recommend. I play back to back!
 

LoptsEldr
72 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2015
Need more Assassin's creed games like this, Unity was ok, This was GREAT!
 

Damien Ramirez
440 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2015
If not the most optimized Assassin's Creed game on the PC and most important of all. It's really fun!
Ubisoft did a great job with this.
Edit: The game is also very strict when it comes to settings. Note that the only AA is FXAA and there is no PhysX. Anisotropic filtering setting returns and there are no performance issues with any of the settings if you have a mid-range graphics card.
- There is no multiple graphics card support. (No CrossFire or SLI.)
+ You won't need CrossFire or SLI to run this game smooth.
 

Vim
91 products in account
1
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
58.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2021
Took me almost 60 hrs to get 100% synchronization. I'm gonna compare this with AC IV Black Flag for the most part.

Pros :
1. Easier to grind for money in this game. Literally just do renovations and you're good.
2. Legendary battles are also a lot more easier.
3. Grenade launcher and air rifle are cool.
4. Story ties up with Black Flag, Unity and AC III.
5. Puckle guns are the ♥♥♥♥. Actually useful now for naval battles.

Cons :
1. ♥♥♥♥ STALKERS. Conquer all forts in NY to quickly reduce their spawn rate.
2. No way to reduce notoriety after going on a murderous streak of pirating. Can't bribe your way out of bounty hunters.
3. Endgame rewards for 100% everything is meh compared to Black Flag.
4. Story is a little too short for you to enjoy your endgame rewards. My advice is to go on collect every little ♥♥♥♥ in the world right after you got betrayed and then continue the story.
5. No underwater adventure sadly.
 

Saint Atilla
143 products in account
2
18 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2019
In my opinion it's the best in the series and also, the Templar's point of view seems much more agreeable than the Assassin's point of view.
 

ジェニー・リアライト
155 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2020
You can jump in -30 degrees Celsius water along with a lost species of penguins. 11/10
 

Rainer
52 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2021
The game is different and enjoyable from other games. This time we are playing with the power of the Cultists and it gets better as it regenerates. I recommend.

GP:10/9
 

Emrevitus
532 products in account
8
20 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2018
May the Father of Understanding guide you.
 

Mr. Clean
65 products in account
2
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 17
Rogue is the most underrated AC game.

8.5/10
 

★彡TheSelim彡★
299 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2020
Where do i start,

what a game, this has to be the best assassins creed game out there it combines my two favourite games 3&4 taking all the best bits and you get to play as a templar which is a real nice change.

the story is amazing a little too short sadly as i was having so much fun

100% recommend this game
 

[HPC] SpoonW
181 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2017
AC: Rogue is an enjoyable game. It does have some flaws in gameplay and the story is quite short in comparison to other AC releases, but it has one of the most interesting narratives in the series. (SPOILERS) Documenting an assassin's mistrust in the assassin order and thus becoming a templar. I also think the game should have been perfected with more time or released as a massive expansion to Black Flag. But all things considered, this is a solid game.
 

elden pleb
74 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2021
Assassin's Creed Rogue, the last AC game to be released on the PS3 and Xbox 360 generation and the first one in which we play and get to see the Templar side of things. This game was also released pretty much the same date as Unity in 2014 as Ubisoft was trying to grab money from both the generations and they failed miserably. This game went wayy under the radar and not a lot of people considered it in the first place anyway. Why do I still recommend it? well-

TLDR: This game is a 7/10, by this I don't mean it isn't enjoyable, but the game has little to no difference from black flag. There is no innovation here and I'd only recommend this if you're looking for more naval combat like black flag or are just a die hard AC fan

Now for the Pros- The story is quite nice overall, the journey of Shay Patrick Cormac to turn from an Assassin to Templar is well written, the protagonist is also good and you can relate to him and understand the motivation behind his every move. The addition of this assassin detection mechanic in which you can recognize assassins who are blending in the crowd, trying to kill you is really awesome. It added to the immersion and I loved it. The naval combat is strong as ever, there are a few new toys to play around with as compared to black flag so that's nice i guess. The weapons also have a lot of variety and again you have access to a few more as compared to black flag. Now this is one of the few games that is connected really well to other AC games, namely Assassin's Creed 3, Black Flag and Unity.

Now for the Cons- There is not Innovation, if I remove the story then this is pretty much black flag 2, the gameplay is same, the parkour is similar, the art style is similar, literally any sort of difference to black flag would've helped the game but we all know how lazy Ubisoft is. The combat is pretty bad, I've disliked most of the combat from the earlier AC games except Unity and this game is no different. I encountered quite lot of bugs ranging from texture pop in to straight up my ship sailing on the land and getting stuck in a mountain and then falling from the game's world, it was weird tbh. The game lacks polish and although parkour is pretty good, it felt janky at times. Also the fact that we just cannot climb hills in this game is pretty bad and the absence of buildings every where adds to it, Instead of having full freedom, we have to use the tree parkour and climb on specifically marked ledges whcih made it feel a lot more like climbing in Uncharted instead of Assassin's Creed
 

Kartikeya0807
117 products in account
0
87 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
So far I love the game. The characters are so fresh and interesting and Shay is portrayed really well so far. I have now played 4.2 hours an definetely feel that sam addicting vibe I had from ACIV:

Gameplay
The mechanics are familiar to anyone who played Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag. The best way to describe it it going in methodical, but also quick so as to get 100% on missions. So far only playing as an assassin is identical to Edward Kenway in Black Flag as you start off with dual weapons, a sword and knife, but new animations are nice and its cool to see Shay fight with the smaller weapon. The parkour/movement is next to perfect as you'll occassionally wonder if you can climb some rocks or materials or simply take a few tries to climb trees or builidings. The naval battles come back again and are as fun as ever with the 4 direction shooting system being directly taken from Black Flag, which I thought did much better than Assassin's Creed III. Long story short: If you loved Assassin's Creed Black Flag gameplay combt and movement wise, you'll love this game as well
Update of 4.7 hours played The air rifle is pretty hany and I feel really cool to have. I just started getting into the Assassin hunting mechanics which are actually really fun. If you played the Assassin's Creed Multiplayer portion, you will feel at home as you have a compass whenever you are going up against assassins in which the compass will start to fill up whenevr you are close to an Assassin. You also however can be stalked by the assassins and actually do have to pay attention more than usual.

Graphics
So if you read in the community hub, you can see that a lot of people are reporting on great optimization. That may or may not be true however. This game looks nice but is hardly current gen graphics. The graphics are definitely not as high quality as Black Flag and may be in between or on par with Assassin's Creed III. The hair and textures do not look very realistic at all and detract if you look long enough at them, although you really only notice this during cutscenes. Another major complaint is the lack of antialiasing options as Ubisoft only gave FXAA, despite having MSAA and TXAA in both Assassin's Creed Unity and in Black Flag. While the game does run nicely, I would appreciate it if I could make lines less jaggy with better AA tools. Character Animations are smooth and cool to watch as you get to watch and appreciate how Assassins move and kill in this game more than before. Another big selling point about this game is again how little hardware it takes to run as I can max it out on my laptop which as an intel i7-4710hq @ 2.5ghz (3.5 turboboost) and an GTX 860m 2gb graphics card.

Sound
A great addition to the game is the music, as I loved Black Flag and Assassin's Creed II's soundtracks. The only bad thing I've heard music wise is just recycled sea shanties from Black Flag. I found it so great that they made a new updated version of the Assassin's Creed II song "Ezio's Family" (btw one of my fav songs from that game) for the title sreens and it sounds great. I also just like listening to the background music while playing, osmething I did not really remember or enjoy from both Assassin's Creed Unity and Assassin's Creed III.

Verdict
Overall I would recommend getting this game for now as it definitely is polished for PC and I have had no bugs yet. The voice acting is great and the characters aren't simply cutouts or meaningless cameos. The gameplay is as tight and fluid as ACIV but for sure not as pretty looking as ACIV. You also should not have any trouble running this game as it works well and is easily maxed.
Update of 4.2 hours played I just finished the assassin part of th story and wow, it was amazing. I felt real emotion and understanding towards Shay and really am excited for my days as a Templar.
 

Absolute Ego Riot
311 products in account
4
31 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2016
Honestly, using AC III + IV + icebergs to sum up Rogue is not patronising, at all. Alternatively, as many have already put it in various reviews, Black Flag 1.5 is also a good alternative name for this entry of the Assassin's Creed series. Or, the way I call it, it is Black Flag Winter Edition which should be considered an expansion - if you remember this fancy word from before the introduction of DLCs and Season Passes. An expansion pack always upped the ante of the original game by adding new stuff and a bit of a higher difficulty level but - ultimately - a shorter story to complete.

Now, the above means that if you really want to play something new - i.e. have the next generation Assassin's Creed experience - you have to skip this one and move to Unity where you have the next-gen graphics and the new characteristics such as new gameplay elements and a completely new storyline in a new setting. However, do bear in mind that if you do so, you'll leave two of the greatest assets of the AC series (so far) behind:

1) a memorable protagonist who - unlike his predecessors before - joins the templars and kills assassins
2) the naval combat that was first introduced in AC III but we saw its full potential only in Black Flag

Now, Shay Cormac's story is - for me - very interesting from start to finish. The reason why he leaves the assassins and joins the templars made sense and I found it intriguing. And no, he doesn't just make up his mind and by joining the templars does not start desperately searching for his old pals from the brotherhood to eliminate them once and for all. It is a little bit more complicated than that - all the more reason to believe the assassins' and templars' ongoing (never-ending) conflict cannot be described as the story of Good vs Evil, Yin and Yang, etc. Shay's story is worth seeing it through till the very end.

Gameplay-wise, at one point when you turn and join the templars strolling in various settlements becomes even more exciting - you are hunted by assassins! The hay cart, for instance, your favourite spot for hiding, can now be occupied by assassins who are constantly looking for hurting you. You will not get desynced immediately if you fail to notice them in time but their one stab can significantly reduce your health. Your Eagle Vision helps you notice them from afar and when the vision is turned on you have the same compass helping you locate them than the one you used in the competitive multiplayer mode (which is now completely missing from this instalment).

Too bad the game is ridiculously easy this time. With all the easy counter system and the sleeping / berserk darts it was already very easy, however, Shay now is in possession of a grenade launcher. While two of its firing modes basically mean the same sleeping / berserk dart solution (but with area effect), an exploding grenade as the last resort is also available for you. AC couldn't have gotten any more steampunk, right?

There's also an interesting activity / side mission type labelled assassin interception: you first find their target then within the allotted time you need to find all assassins. This search mainly goes for the bonus - if you are unsuccessful the would-be victim will start their walk towards their destination and while along the way you can still protect the person - you'll just have a more challenging time.

The rest is pretty much the same. In fact, the creators desperately tried to introduce new stuff such as the destructible icebergs during naval battles that can harm other (mainly smaller) ships. Or the new narwal whale whose tusk is a must to craft some pretty nifty outfits / upgrades to your inventory. Since the North Atlantic map is constantly giving you the winter season it's better to remember not to swim for long as Shay can freeze to death! Also, the penguin effect looks great!

About maps: comparing the game to AC III is obvious once Shay sets foot in New York. And while we - again - have two maps with lots of water only one of them focuses on the ocean. The so-called River Valley has - well - a valley with long canals and many small settlements and the area is full of hills and mountains.

So, is Rogue worth the purchase?

+++ Yes, 3 new maps accompanied by a new story and so far - arguably - with the most interesting protagonist this time.
+++ Once again the open world is quite big with dozens of collectible items and to have everything found and obtain almost all achievements it took me 60 hours. Not bad for an "expansion", right?
+++ It nicely connects some dots - references can be found to AC III, IV as well as for Unity.

So, no negatives then? A must-have in the franchise?

--- While Shay's story feels unique it is much shorter. We have half of the memory sequences now compared to previous entries in the series. Make no mistake the game has its applicable pace to tell the story (not rushed, at all) but since there are so many collectibles I would have expected the same amount of main missions, too, for accompaniment purposes.
--- There's nothing really new here beside the story. Some new side missions / activities and what the winter season can add to the gameplay. It is not necessarily bad but since everything is more of the same the annoying stuff remains, too: the occasionally annoying target selection during naval battles (when you board a ship) and the too easy gameplay - there's next to no challenge once Shay gets his hands on the grenade launcher.

Rogue is a must have for all AC fans! The rest of you can just decide based on above review or by reading some more - after all, while I consider this more of an expansion its price tag could be a bit lower due to the same.
 

CorvusCorax
1,362 products in account
2
17 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2020
May the father of understanding guide us.
 

Miffy
311 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2021
You get to kill British people
 

Slippin Jimmy
356 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2016
Listen to the Main Theme of the game, it'll tell you what kind of story your about to experience.

YouTube™ Video: Assassin's Creed Rogue (OST) - Assassin's Creed Rogue Main Theme (Track 01) 
Views: 8,520,990
Stream or Download: https://idol.lnk.to/MIEmM Listen to the full soundtrack : http://bit.ly/1EsAdlr ‘Assassin's Creed Rogue Main Theme’ adapted from ‘Ezio’s Family’ Original Composition by Jesper Kyd...


Once you've listened to it several dozen times, please continue reading the review.

Introduction

If you had the choice, to save the lives of innocents and follow your own moral code, would you do it? Or would you rather blindly follow orders?
If you chose the first option then this is a story for you.

Assassins Creed Rogue takes you on a journey where you cross a line and cannot return. One that pits you against the people you once called brothers. You are no longer an Assassin, and you will spill the blood of your former brothers.

You are Shay Patrick Cormac, the newest of the American Templar Order.

Story and Gameplay

Assassin's Creed Rogue is the last game in the series to be released for the PS3 and Xbox 360, this game runs on Black Flags engine and isn't as breathtaking as Unity or Syndicate. (But your on PC, so it still looks damn amazing. NOW WITH GODRAYS)

Rogue is easily the best game in the series in terms of story and character. Shay is a very vocal character, he expresses his emotions and how he feels about his actions. He shows his anger, hatred, sadness and joy even more so then any other character. The story is top notch and easily is the darkest game in the series, showing betrayal and revenge in a amazing way.

Gameplay wise it's made small improvements over Black Flag, ship handling and combat is the best it'll ever be in the series. Exploration is enjoyable and offers many scenic routes and views to beautiful locations. Combat hasn't changed much from AC4, with the exception of several new weapons and gadgets at your disposal.


Overall

I hold Rogue to be the crown jewel of the series, obviously it was completely shadowed by Unity but most who own this game will say it has the best story in the series and feels like a return to form like AC Brotherhood or AC2. The story is sadly shorter then the other entries but there is still several large areas and collectibles to grab to keep you busy for long after the story is finished.

I strongly believe this game was made with alot of love from the team that made this game, because it just feels solid, fun and enjoyable. If this was given more time to make a longer story, and running on the current engine with Unity and Syndicate. This game would easily top the rest in every aspect.

My rating: 9.5/10
 

Pwophet of Twuth
409 products in account
0
118 people found this review helpful
48 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2015
better than unity.
 

Bronya
217 products in account
4
115 people found this review helpful
172 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
I like ship. Don't take it away again.
 

Deezus
467 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2016
It's a combination of Ac3 and Blackflag, so if you liked them you will definitely enjoy Rogue.
 

pec
114 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
68.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2015
The single fact that this game is optimized amazingly well for PC is worth the full price.

I've played nearly every Assassin's Creed game for PC and somehow Ubisoft listened to the customers' technical issues on previous games, fixed them, and then released this masterpiece. It blows all previous AC PC games on a technical level out of the water (no pun intended) and that's no exaggeration.

If you're a fan of Assassin's Creed and want to have a seamless experience, this is a must-buy.
 

Chael Mavi
526 products in account
2
17 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
164.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2015
If you really want to know some backstory and some things about Assassin's Creed you never knew, this is the game for you. While through, this is a good review:

YouTube™ Video: Assassin's Creed Rogue: 6 Years Later 
Views: 1,397,622
Get Surfshark VPN at https://Surfshark.deals/whitelight - Enter promo code WHITELIGHT for 83% off and 1 extra month for free! Everyone wants to play as the bad guys.
 

Holden Ennis
56 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 2
Assassin's Creed Rogue is definitely one of the games where you look at it and you think: Huh, it's just another boring AC Game, Pass.. But this one is definitely not your OG AC Experience (if even we can call it in 2022). This game tells a story of a man, who wants to do the right thing, the humane thing. Even after being labelled as a traitor by his former brothers and sisters from the Colonial Brotherhood of Assassins, he still finds remorse in having to kill his former friends.. So will i recommend this game.. Hell yeah, if you want a different AC experience, to experience the other side of the story, to become a Templar of the Colonial.. of the American rite, than this game should interest you. If you want you can spend the 20€ or 30€ to get the different editions of the game or just wait for a sale to get it for way cheaper.
TOTAL HOURS SPENT: 46h - 100%
(Also sorry if i have made any spelling mistakes, English is not my first language :D)
 

VMP532
85 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2019
Story - 4/5
Characters - 4/5
Gameplay - 4/5
World - 5/5
Atmosphere - 5/5

- This game tells a personal story about a man who had to betray his friends for principle. There is not as much conspiracy talk or brainwashing as it was in the previous games. Speaking of, it is an 8th game in a row (counting in liberations) and it feels pretty much as a conclusion to one chapter. And be sure they will make these games till the world will collapse, so take my advice and end it with this one. It's a solid game and a nice finish to the story.

- Finally we can play as a character that sees what is wrong with the ninja terrorist's philosophy. Short story but full of interesting moments and characters. You will get more of Ben Franklin, and Haytham Kenway. Also Achilles Devenport or Adéwalé if you care. You start as an ninja terrorist and pretty early in the story you see that our hero, a witty irishman, can see and even points out the flaws in the "freedom for all" talk and realizes how hypocritical it is to demand obediance from "brothers" of the cult yet trying to make them believe they are free. After the mentor sends our hero to intercept templar plans at any cost, he destroys a city full of innocent people by detonating a alien seismic bomb (you should be already used to this sh*t by now) by accident. At this point the glass is already full and our hero is done pretending that the ninja terrorists serve the ordinary people. He realizes they want to create a world they could control just like templars, however this one would be ruled by outlaws, thieves and killers. So he joins the other bad guys. The Templars.

- The dialogues are sometimes silly. Especially when the hero kills one of his former allies. Personally I think the devs. wanted to show how he suffers inside. But sometimes it seems as if he wasn't really convinced he is doing the right thing. Yet in most scenes he is firm and determined. So it surely is a weak writing. Or it is another brainwashing tactics from ubisoft, I don't know and I don't really care at this point anyway. ( I am just waiting for a game where the templars and ninja terrorists will join and form ubisoft or the the shadow government which uses ubisoft.) This is however really neglectable. I was more disturbed by another obvious overisght ubisoft managed to make. All the black people in the game have white hand textures. -_-

- For a patchwork of a AC 3 and 4 this game actually plays very well. If it wasn't for occasional problem with the movement (e.g. getting stuck at a small ground bump) this would be a perfect game. Don't be affraid this is not another Liberations. It's a full, big platform game.

If you kept up with the ninja terrorist simulators 'till now,
this one wont kill you.
So BUY it.
 

vavrinko(SK)
150 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
32.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2021
better than black flag fight me
 

Sailor Heinrichten
114 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
54.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2021
Feels good to be templar
 

Hydra
98 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2018
Assassin’s Creed® Rogue
Assassin’s Rogue One: A Templar Story
Introducing Assassin’s Rogue One: A Templar Story,
the darkest chapter in the Assassin’s franchise yet.
As Shay[www.google.de], you will experience the slow transformation from
Assassin to Assassin Hunter. Follow your own creed and set
off on an extraordinary journey through Places.

Pro
> A new Story, new side, Revenge of the Creeds .... etc <
> well performance <
> Assassins Creed III + "Sea Salt IV" in "GLORIOUS" < and shorter <
> Assassins Creed III with glory, ships and the punisher rifle <
> good ship combat ... <
> PLAY A TEMPLAR, again, but Rouge like, and a "full"
interesting Story, a new perspective <
> Order of the Templars, be a real knight, with a ship <
> Old Gen game to pc, well done <

Con
> the story can be interesting, but the map feels
.... lonely and many missions are build up like a
classic AC-Game, the variety is the problem.
Assassin's Creed 3,5 Templar Edition.

Peopel who liked.....
- III will love it
- IV will be satisfied with it
- unity are wrong here
- syndicate....London is great, isn't it?
 

AdrianWithA
381 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 8
OI MAYKE MOI AUWN LUHCK LEEYUM
Assassin's Creed®: Rogue™ was the game Ubisoft™ released alongside Assassin's Creed®: UNITY™ and was seen in a more positive light when compared to the latter game.

Why was this? Oh well because Assassin's Creed®: UNITY™ was an absolute buggy mess, despite what it had attempted to do. It is a far better game in 2020 but this review isn't about Assassin's Creed®: UNITY™.

Now, back to Rogue™; It's okay.

The mechanics are similar to the game that came before it, Assassin's Creed® IV: Black Flag™, so you aren't likely to get lost on how to move or attack and all that stuff. It is also still fairly easy to learn if this is your first Assassin's Creed® game.

Click, click, counter, click, click, cool animation here, you've won.
There are some stealth mechanics still but tailing missions also remain.

I hate tailing missions. They exist to throw some exposition at you in a way that wastes your time. It exists to pad out the time you spend on the game and there is very little pay off.

It doesn't respect your time as a gamer and they know this. That is also why they sell you Time-Saver DLC packs™

I would have preferred to have more stealth than action in a game about shadow organizations being at war for years and years without the public knowing about them.
Ship battles make a return and it is as fun as it was in the last game, but it doesn't feel quite the same.

With Edward Kenway, you are a pirate and so being on the ship was your bread and butter. With Shay Cormac, you are an Assassin™ turned Templar™ (not a spoiler, its in the game description) and the ship is merely your means of transport which has cannons that you can use to initiate combat or defend yourself with.

Shay Patrick "Makes his own luck" Cormac is an okay protagonist. His motivations are justifiable when seen at face value, but if you remember, this is Templar propaganda.
So they just interchanged what the usual formula is.

Templar good, Assassins bad. Comically so.

His heel turn almost feels abrupt and honestly, I feel like if he just took the time to sincerely talk it out with his Assassin™ Mentor, this would have turned out to be a very different story.

Because the way your antagonists are written, its like they don't wanna bother thinking about the why and the what, only that they must kill. I don't want to spoil things but be warned that you really really have to actively suspend your disbelief at times.

Do you need to go through the games in chronological order if you want to understand the Assassin's Creed® lore?

No. You have the internet for that, you have youtubers with several "explained" videos for that, you have that one friend that happens to be very very invested in the Assassin's Creed® universe and they'll talk your ear off if you let them.

But is this worth a buy?

Sure. But wait for a sale.

The current full price that its at, you'd enjoy a McChicken more.
 

Leonair
739 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2021
My first assassin creed
 

TURUTARA2
68 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2018
Game is very short compared to all other Assassins Creed games and I play AC games only for Story and a guy who dont participate in side missions i ended this in just 8 hours which is way less than AC black flag or even AC Revelations. The Story was fresh but very short one, snow cold Artic settings looks cool and its very well optimized compared to AC black flag and most importantly you make your own luck in this game!
 

Supervegito77
115 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2015
I recommend this game to anybody who enjoys a great story. Amazing game.
This game is very well optimized unlike Assassins Creed Unity. I get more fps than I did with Black Flag.
Unfortunately there IS some texture popins and you can usually tell that the game is a console port, hence the lack of graphics options (No TXAA or MSAA, only FXAA, no Physx support, no SLI support) BUT the graphics are very decent nonetheless when cranked up.

The soundtrack is absolutely amazing, best soundtrack in an Assassins Creed game in my opinion.

The only thing I didn't like about the game is that its too short. Everything else, the gameplay, missions, soundtrack, mechanics, graphics etc are all perfect.
 

Riffnugget
208 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2020
Rogue sits in a weird place in the AC franchise. Coming out alongside Unity and being considered the "last gen" AC game of the two meant that it was never going to break any records or make huge headway into gamer's hearts.
However, it is unfair to compare the two games visually when they both offer very different experiences. Unity was trying to push the series in new directions both graphically and gameplay wise while Rogue was offering a familiar experience very similar to previous games.
The funny thing about the situation is that Rogue had a very solid launch and gameplay experience while Unity was a complete disaster that took ages to fix and took the series a step back in terms of quality.
Rogue was like slipping on your favourite shirt after a shower. Its instantly recognizable and does everything you'd expect. It can definitely be considered the safe option of the two but thats what I enjoyed about it so much. This was the franchise I loved exactly the way I'd grown to love it over the years. The story was fresh enough to keep it from being completely stale and the main character Shay fit it perfectly with his charming Irish accent and story of betrayal.
I have no trouble recommending Rogue to anyone that loves the AC franchise
 

Scarecrow
381 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
231.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2018
I invested over 200 hours into this game playing through 3 times so I could fairly evaluate the product.

I am an old guy so I have plenty of time on my hands and really enjoy solving puzzles, boarding ships, blowing up stuff, and mindlessly searching for the 400 collectables in the game.

I really enjoy weak story telling, programming, game mechanics and watching 10 minutes of all those great people who brought this great game to you before you can actually finish the game challenges.

I would highly recommend this game for those like myself who really appreciate sloppy craftsmanship and really don’t care what anybody else thinks.
 

Farside
47 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
As i completed the game with 100% synchronization i have to say that if ROGUE is not the best , its at least one of the best in assasin's creed series .

The story is based on an assasin which turns into templar, because of the assasin's actions.
Also its the last story of kenways trilogy.
Side activities are too many and that's because the game have 2 big maps ( river alley & north atlantic) and 1 medium map ( new york) . completing them unlocks some great outfits , swords, pistols.

I deffinately recommend ASSASIN'S CREED ROGUE

 

M1KE
132 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
123.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2020
Year: 1752
Shay Patrick Cormac : Stay my blade from the flesh of the innocent. Hide in plain sight. Never compromise the Assassin Brotherhood. These are the tenents of the Creed. The principles I used to live by. I was a young man then. The Seven Year War was about to begin. I could not have imagined what the future has in store for me... Nor the cost I would choose to bear...

Year: 1776
Shay Patrick Cormac : Uphold the principles of our order and all that for which we stand, never share our secrets nor divulge the true nature of our work. Do so, until death - whatever the cost. This is my new creed. I am Shay Patrick Cormac, Templar of the Colonial... of the American rite. I am an older man now, and perhaps wiser. A war and a revolution have ended, and another is about to begin. May the father of understanding guide us all.
 

Alperellow
367 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2015
Basically the Anakin Skywalker arc if he were an assassin, but better written than the prequels. 10/10 would recommend if you love AC and a good storyline.
 

Redtwo
213 products in account
4
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2017
Awesome game, just finished the main story, 100% worth it.
 

CURSED
545 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2020
may the father of understanding guide us
 

noiré
80 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2021
If you want a very short Review of AC Rogue, then here it is: It is a reskinned version of AC Black Flag with a very short story that could easily be finished in 10 hours if you were fast enough with a small amount of glitches.
For an in-depth review, look here.

DISCLAIMER: This review will contain no mention of main story events as to avoid spoilers. Any mention of story progression will refer to Sequences and only sequences, not specific missions.

Story: The story is not as good as any previous main release AC games and any other AC games released afterwards this one. It does not feel rushed, per se, but it is certainly lacking in comparison to all other AC games, especially Black Flag.

Collectables: There are many, many different types of collectables scattered everywhere, most of which can be claimed when you first enter an area, some having to be come back to after certain progressions in the story (By Sequence 3, most everything will be opened up to you). That being said, they are not all that difficult to find and collect, especially the ship upgrades. Speaking of which...

Ship: It is not the same as the Jackdaw, it is smaller with less cannon capacity even when fully upgraded. Swivel cannons have been changed to Puckle Guns, which act basically the same but with a higher fire rate. Chain shot has also been replaced, but the substitute has the same affect as the Chain shot. Besides those minor changes, ship combat has not changed in any way and it feels almost exactly the same as AC Black Flag. While playing the game I found it to feel a bit "stiff" at times, but after a while it feels just the same as AC Black Flag.

Combat: It is similar to AC Black Flag, but not a cut and paste job. Swords are a bit different, as Shay wields a dagger and sword combo instead of two swords. Guns are a hair different, and other secondary weapons have also changed, and while I did not use them often, they did not feel awkward or in someway unwanted. They can be useful.

Exploration: AC Rogue seems to have a larger amount of explorable locations than Black Flag, and the places in which the player can sail also seems to be a bit larger than AC Black Flag. Besides that it is basically the same as Black Flag.

Bugs: Almost nonexistant, and the ones that did arise were silly graphical glitches and were in no way game-breaking. The only exception being some of the Legendary Ship battles would not load, but that could be circumvented by skipping the opening cutscene. Besides that, completing 97% of the game over 47 hours gave me no hard resets or other types of bugs or glitches.

Overall: A good game, obviously a reskin of Black Flag but it has its own charm and it is enjoyable. Buy it if there's a price reduction or if it's in a bundle for a reduced price. You will derive enjoyment from the game. Numerical score: 7/10
 

PictographValhalla
59 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2021
One of the more interesting Assassins Creed titles in my opinion. Also it has the older and far superior fighting system based on skill, not stats and levels like the newer games.
 

Kaleesh_General
108 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2016
The best Black Flag DLC they could make.
 

-MCT-
57 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
AC Rogue is a stripped down version of Black Flag, a much shorter game (which is why it gets a 7 and not an 8 or 9), with a few unique little twists that still make it worthwhile. In addition to the ship upgrades and battles, looting warehouses and conquering forts/gang HQs are a different experience. It offers a few things reminiscent of previous AC versions.

For example, lightning assassin strikes like in Revelations, the usual search for items to unlock a native and Templar outfit, renovating buildings to get income like in AC II, Brotherhood and Unity, etc. My least favorite activity were the assassin interventions, it was the same thing over and over and way too frantic. Unlocking the computers at the Abstergo office was much easier. I did miss the underwater exploration with the beautiful color offered by Black Flag.

Overall, I think it’s an OK Assassin’s Creed game, but it certainly does not take the place of AC II or Black Flag. I didn’t think I could side with the Templars but the reason for doing so was valid. However, the main plot, in my opinion, is weak, and just not captivating. There was not a great buildup to the ending. There are times when the camera movements are very “wonky” such as in the bar fights to unlock taverns and in defending the ship. Using the pucklegun is awkward. The scenery is not as pretty as in Black Flag, but the icebergs are a new twist. It’s interesting enough to buy the game (although when it goes on sale it would be a much better value).

I enjoy replaying great AC games, and have played AC II, Brotherhood and Black Flag numerous times. Will I replay Rogue? Like Unity, which also had a weak plot and other problems, not likely for quite some time. I'm still loyal to the AC franchise though, and I hope we get another epic one like AC II, Brotherhood and Black Flag and yes, even Revelations, which offered a great plot.
 

ArtyomGR
523 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2015
Finished up AC:Rouge and had a good time playing the most recent chapter on PC of Hooded Parkour Man: Collect-a-thon.
It was a bit rough going from Unity’s beautiful city and refined parkour, especially the “downward run” move, to go back to what is essentially Black Flag 1.5 set in a colder climate.

The story is young Assassin blah blah now Templar but basically the same. While the space angel thing was toned down once again (Thank You!), it was still a big thing in the end, just like Black Flag, and especially also when you were suddenly transported back to Abstergo HQ in Canada where you then lost the ability to move faster than a snails pace. Going by what Unity has shown, this will hopefully be the last time we are seeing the present day setting and thank the higher powers for that.

The main mission is considerably shorter than both Black Flag and Unity, but there are a lot of settlements and places to explore on the two maps used for sailing.

Here is a list of the elements re-used from the earlier games:
AC3’s New York location and hunting
Black Flag’s sailing, trading mini game and current day part/location
Freedom Cry’s restocking warehouses and POW/Slave ship battles
Unity’s alternate location scenes (Paris in lo-def)
Liberation HD’s length of main story
A few good and bad points:
+ Carry and hide bodies functionality is back
+ Settlements, warehouses and what have you on the River/Sea maps are great side missions
+ Grenade launcher is a fun weapon

- Too many timer based missions
- Hunting is 99% filler as most high level animals are only available at 1 or 2 locations, and only show up one at a time. You’ll end up buying materials for most craftable items.
 

Fart of Presto
5,282 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2019
For me this is the third best AC game right below AC2 and AC4.
The game is basically an expansion to AC4 with the same mix of naval and on foot action.

Although the Arctic sea and New York are not quite as nice of a location as the Caribbean
the game makes up for it with a genuinely interesting story that shows the conflict between
templars and assassins in a far more even manner. The main character is also really likeable
and interesting.

It is worth noting that the game is rather short for an AC game but I did not mind because it
means that the game does not overstay it's welcome.
 

tONI
1,420 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
62.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2020
The second best assassin creed after black flag. Very beautiful game if you like cold weather. Only issue is that the story is short but recommended!!
 

MALiiiK ☾ BHaiijaaN [No Mic]
30 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2017
It's basically Black Flag, but much better optimized & not as good graphically.
 

King of Evil
552 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
57.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2017
If you're too sad because has finished Black Flag and had nothing else to do, get this game and do the same stuff again!
 

japs
210 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2016
At first, I decided to skip over Rogue, assuming it was Black Flag DLC made full price, after the horrible aftermath of what was AC: Unity. I can not have imagined, nor believed what I was missing, until I have watched the final cutscene, at 4 in the morning, unable to stop playing until I saw it. Rogue to me, very simply put, is extremely surprising. Not since Ezio could I enjoy a playable character quite like Shay Patrick Cormac. A man simply seeking to do the right thing from the start until the end. After experiencing a very traumatic event done by his own hand, he turned his back on the Assassin Brotherhood, blaming his mentor, a young Achillies Davenport (From AC3) for what transpired. For attempting to conspire against them, they attempted to kill Shay, who was rescued hours before his certain demise by the Templar Order. The very same Order you spend game after game, hour after hour, fighting against. Rogue is the first and maybe only Assassin's Creed game where you play on the other side. You see first hand how their methods of achieving peace and order are similar and different to the Assassins. The gameplay is very similar to Black Flag, with the ship almost being the Co-Star of the game as it was previously, except you have allies in the waters alongside for once. You are helping the British fight the French in the Seven Years War, and this makes for very interesting storytelling all the same. Luckily the story is mainly set on land, for those who loathe endless upon endless of sea missions, and do not feel as boring and repetitive as the previous installments. The story is shorter than I hoped for, but if it was 100 hours long and had over 30 sequences, I would've still called it short, as in my opinion I greatly enjoyed the life of Shay, but collectibles are plentiful, and side missions are far from scarce. If you are a fan like I am of AC, do not feel the way I did, that this game could be looked over, that this was just another cash in for what Black Flag was. It is what Black Flag should have been, only with a Templar at the helm. There are new weapons, new mechanics, and new types of enemies, one's that even attempt to assassinate you. This is not a DLC, this should be considered like Brotherhood or Revelations, where one connects to the other, as this game connects Assassin's Creed 3 by the beginning, to Assassin's Creed Unity by the end. Shay's journey shouldn't be ignored, and I apologize for waiting this long to experience it. He will always be as from this moment on, my favorite Templar.
 

I'm Probably Batman
676 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
94.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2020
At the time of playing this game, I had neither played a single Assassin's Creed title nor, more specifically, had I played Black Flag, to which this game is often compared. Accordingly, my opinion on Rogue is probably different from most. That being said, there's a lot to love here upon looking past the typical symptoms of big budget, triple-A gaming (there's no good reason to have two forms of DRM). Whether harpooning whales, getting in naval battles, upgrading your ship, running around the river valley, or hunting wolves in the snow, there's a breadth of content here that's truly immense. If you love the 1750s French and Indian War setting then you absolutely must play this. Shay is a considerably more interesting protagonist than the sort that is usually in this kind of game; the narrative within the historical setting surrounding Shay's defection to the Templars is very well done and I imagine it will be even more impactful for those who have played ACIII (however, all plot elements outside of the Animus and within Abstergo Entertainment are dreadful; Violet might be the worst character in any game ever made). I don't understand the complaints about the game being short; if you try to experience all that the game has to offer (of which there is plenty), your game time will easily last upward of 50 hours. Once you can look past the constant reminders that you are in a simulation and not actually experiencing the historical setting, the atmosphere will suck you in for hours.
 

Schmuddel
279 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2016
Another great addition to the AC franchise, while the gameplay is definatly nothing new and basically a complete copy from Black Flag and AC 3, Rogue brings us a new perspective through Shay's eyes as he walks the path of both assassin and templar.

This game benifits alot from his personality and story, along with several other characters that make your game experience totally worth the time.

The story was somewhat short for a stand alone but really enjoyable to go through, meeting new characters each with their own motivations and some characters from previous games that enrich Shay's journey.

The gameplay hasn't changed a bit. from combat to travel and naval battles, there's little to no changes, aside from a few new weapons and the always enjoyable naval battles now with burning oil available aswell.
The territorial disputes could have been better if they brought along the territorial wars from Revelations, but oh well it is well made and it is definatly interesting to play the templar side of things.

It really shows that this game suffered from Unity's release, it could have used some more attention, all things considered, Assassins Creed Rogue is still definatly a better game and experience than AC Unity, even if the graphics aren't as shiny it profits from better FPS, overall superior optimization, solid and fast gameplay without the random bugs and crashes.

Assassins Creed Rogue is definatly worth the purchase, hold on buying it until a sale arrives since most of the gameplay if nothing new but the story will be worth the money, a solid title with a good story, a pity that the developers didn't give it the attention it deserved.
 

Lord H
288 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 6
My Purchases : Assassin's Creed - Rogue Deluxe
My scores for this game
Story : 8/10
+ The story of the game is after AC IV.
+ We will see assassins in the form of a templar.
+ We will see an assassin become a templar.
+ The story of the next part of the game was great.
- The story is too short for the price.
Graphics : 8/10
+ It has more beautiful and clear graphics than the previous version.
+ It was great when it snowed.
- The water graphics that were beautiful in AC IV are not available in this version.
Musics & Sound : 10/10
+ Very beautiful songs, especially for the music menu.
Details : 8/10
+ In fact, it had the same details as the previous version.
- There were no additional special details.
Gameplay : 7/10
+ Easier naval warfare 😅
- It has AC IV gameplay.
Variety : 7/10
+ One of the places I enjoyed in this escape from the ruined city.
- If it was a DLC for AC IV, it would have more variety than its price.
Characterization : 7/10
+ The characters that we will see in other basic credits are in this game 👍
- Changing the face of our character from being an Assassin to becoming a templar was not very appealing to me.
Optimization : 10/10
+ It was optimal.
Multiplayer : ×/10
×××
Bugs : There was a bug.
Note : need to connect ubisoft connect
Description : I did not expect much from this game and it was good for me, and the story of this game is related to AC III, AC IV, AC UNITY, this AC is very important for you to play.
Extra : ×××
Overall score : 8.5/10
I recommend.
 

Master-Salar
709 products in account
4
18 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2017
Assassin's Creed: Rogue is a great ending to the American saga of the franchise, and a great game in its own right. Ubisoft has also done a fine job with the PC port, making it an easy recommendation to any fan.
8.5/10
 

khrys†al HoYeon Jung
406 products in account
1
17 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2015
Been admiring Assasins for years until I played this gem. Now I can fully understand Templars and their ideals. To hell with Assassins and their chaos. Let us all bring order and harmony to the world.

A masterpiece just like Black Flag 9/10
 

Mr. Rogers
211 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
142.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
WOW! there is absolutely no other words to describe this game it is fantastic!. The story is set in the mid-18th century during the Seven Years' War, and follows the story of Shay Patrick Cormac, an Assassin turned Templar. Gameplay in Rogue is very similar to AC Black Flag with mixtures of ship-based naval exploration and third-person land-based exploration with loads of new features added. Naval aspects from the previous games will return with you controlling Shay's ship, Morrígan.

A New feature include new ship-based weapons including releasing an oil slick which can then be ignited, Puckle guns, and the ability for enemies to board Morrígan during ship to ship combat. The arctic environment also features into naval gameplay and exploration, as certain icebergs can be rammed with an icebreaker. In combat, the game introduces a air rifle, which now allows Shay to silently take out enemies at a distance. The air rifle can be outfitted with a variety off different projectiles, such as firecrackers.

Also you can use a grenade launcher, which fires shrapnel grenades and berserks. Hand-to-hand combat has been slightly altered, now the enemy attacks also can be countered with timing, similar to the Batman: Arkham game franchise. Enemy Assassins feature archetypes similar to previous games, using the skills you used throughout the series; they can hide in the bushes, blend in with crowds, and perform air attacks against you. The poison gas can now be used as an environmental weapon, and now Shay also has a gas mask that can mitigate its effects.

Reflecting on Shay's role as a Templar, the game now introduces a new side mission: Assassin Interception.They mirror the Assassination side missions in previous games. After you intercepted a messenger pigeon that is carrying a assassination contract. He must prevent Templar agents from being assassinated by finding and killing Assassins hidden nearby.

I would give Assassin's Creed Rogue an overall rating of 10/10 stars. The PC port is very well done with no FPS or any kind of other issues. This is definitely a MUST buy for fans because I'm just absolutely without a doubt 100% sure that Assassin's Creed Rogue will not disappoint at all!.
 

TheCyb3rbot
527 products in account
1
10 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2019
You can pet dogs, and your crewmates sing shanties.
Also you get to play as one of the good guys for once.
10/10
 

MileYard
116 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2020
This game is identical to Black Flag with different settings and story (linked to Black Flag). If you like Black Flag, you will like it too. If you have't played Black Flag yet, Go play that first.
 

🦆Cloud Boy🦆
620 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2020
Black Flag but you are bad boi
 

󠁳󠁳⁧⁧ 󠁳⁧⁧ 󠀡
352 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
252.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2020
Since I enjoyed Black Flag I knew I would have to try out Rogue. I was not disappointed and found Rogue to be even more entertaining because of the new weapons and tactics you can employ. I'm only halfway through the game at 70 hours (I really take my time playing and I get killed a lot.) and I find myself looking forward to the next chapter I will play for the day. Some really satisfying entertainment for the $20.00 I paid.
 

Gammafox
51 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
174.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2015
Best Assassin's Creed Since Revelation, but there are things to know before you attempt to purchase this game.

You will need to play those AC games to be able to understand Rogue & not to feel lost in the story of Rogue :

* Assassin's Creed III
* Assassin's Creed Black Flag
* Assassin's Creed Unity (yeah i know but sadly you need to)

Rogue overall rating in my book is 9/10

Game is bug free, but Park our system is outdated compared to Unity.
 

Neeno
3,990 products in account
3
20 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2015
Overall, Assassin's Creed Rogue shines bright out of the post-Desmond AC games. A combination of excellent story, the return of well proven game mechanics as well as Black Flag's incredibly successful naval combat, and a brilliant soundtrack produce a brilliant secondary title that ties together the events of ACIII-AC Unity.

Story: The story focuses around Assassin turned Templar Shay Cormac. The length of the story is not nearly that of other AC titles, but is far more rewarding. Admittably, I wish they'd spent more time building an attachment to every major Assassin, but the manner in which the story shows Shay's motivation for turning allows the moments when you do have to kill an Assassin to be enjoyable. There are parts where it seemed to run on a bit, I was not nearly as engaged in naval gameplay in this as I was in Black Flag thus those sections seemed far more irritating for me. The out-of-Animus story once again takes place in Abstergo Entertainment where you will intermittently be interrupted by Templar Agents to fix a server. Not the best, but it's better than Unity's.

Gameplay: Black Flag+Revelations+ACII. The game included the return of the zip line (sadly no hook blade), a new "lift", and the return of managing the city's economy. Of course there was Black Flag's naval combat and the movement felt identical to Black Flag. The gameplay of the ground missions reminded me most of ACII, though, possibly from the soundtrack.

Graphics: Do not expect a massive improvement on Black Flag. There are areas where the game looks very nice, but other areas, such as the city you visit in the last memory, do not shine as much. Overall it is pleasant to look at, I ran it on my machine (i7, GT760, 8 gb RAM) very smoothly on max settings.

Overall: I have to be fair because I was extremely disappointed in Far Cry 4 because it was just too similar to Far Cry 3. Rogue is very similar to Black Flag, but I do not share that disappointment with Rogue. While New York definitely gives off a more tropical vibe than ACIII, the game stands strong on its own. It is a fairly big world to explore that definitely looks dated when compared to titles that were not hindered by the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, but still looks remarkable in certain areas. The story, if nothing else, is what you absolutely need to experience. It is a refreshing look at both orders that might turn your opinion slightly, but more importantly, it sews together the last several AC titles.
 

Randy "Macho Man" Savage
319 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
This game made us see the war between Assassins and Templars in Templars perspective, which gives us a message "No evil character know they are evil." If you have played all the ACs, then this game will be pretty interesting for you. Also, your ship in this game is better than Black Flag :)
 

Link
64 products in account
2
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2021
It toke 45 hours to make %100 synchronization.

What I liked?
+Shay turn his back to Assasin Brotherhood and became Templar is very interesting story.
+Using Rifle is fun
+Map is not big like AC IV but still satisfy you
+Outfits are nice

What I disliked
-Story is shorth
-Getting Deluxe edition is waste of money tbh. Get it when it's in sales
-There is no explore or good side mission
-You getting endgame items almost at end of the game. That's so pointless. Using best sword in %100 Sync? Not make any sense


Otherwise all this AC Rogue is good game but my recommendation get this game at Sales.
 

Revan
55 products in account
1
35 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2015
The BEST Assassin's Creed game in the series.
Based on 51 hours gameplay and 92% Sync.

Pro:
- Story-line in both time lines with plenty of the details;
- the driven character who has tired of the "creed's" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ seeing only chaos and ruins with it;
- Playing as a Templar;
- Well designed missions and the logical requirement for the 100% Sync;
- the graphic looks like stuck in between AC3 and AC4, pretty OK considering the size of the maps;
- old, movie-style, fast combat system;
- petting the animals;
- huge amount of the different activities (all possible side activities from AC3, AC4, AC4:FC);
- Haythem is back and alive.

Cons:
- "I make my own luck" -- really?;
- The classic Anvil's legacy bugs with the animation, etc;
- killing the animals for the craft;
- North Atlantic map is too small, better to add 2-3 more space of the sea in between the lands.

Verdict: Yes, take it and play. The best thing in the series after AC2.
 

Julveyo
997 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2015
If you enjoyed ACIV: Black Flag you'll probably enjoy Rogue.
I wouldn't recommend it as a game to start with definitely more enjoyable if you're familiar with the story of at least ACIII and IV.
There isn't much new to offer but it polishes ideas of III and IV and nicely expands the story.
 

J_S_Bach
574 products in account
0
169 people found this review helpful
69 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Far better than Unity !
 

Bill_4780
412 products in account
5
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2017
Lowkey one of the best AC games since the Ezio era. Ubisoft did something different with this and it really worked.
 

teremaster
313 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2016
I'm sure at this point we all have an idea of what Assassin's Creed is and if you're thinking of playing Rogue it definitely wouldn't make sense to start at this point in the series. As such, I'll make this short, sweet, and specific to Assassin's Creed Rogue without referencing the series standards and avoiding any spoilers.

Rogue is easily my favorite entry in the series. Shay Patric Cormack, the protagonist, is a fantastic, deep, well-written character that I found that I could really empathize with. Unlike previous titles, you see this story from the opposite side, the side of the Templars as opposed to that of the Assassin Brotherhood. The characters around you, on both sides, are realistic and enjoyable and you'll also cross paths with several series fan favorites during the course of the story. My only complaint is that it was rather short, I completed it in about ten hours, though, I was mostly doing the main quest line and only doing side quests when I encountered them on my way between missions.

I highly recommend this game to fans of Assassin's Creed as it really is a fantastic game that I was very impressed with. The game mechanics were spot on, the characters were great, and the story was truly unique, brining an inspired take on the universe that outdid any other in the series in my opinion. If you enjoyed any of the series, this one really is a must-play.
 

Aurumlamina
2,584 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2016
After ACIII and Black Flag, Kenway saga is ongoing in this game but this time you are playing templar Shay. After playing all ac series, i need to accept to playing templar is more fascinating and enjoyable. Shay is hunting them and taking vengeance. Main menu theme soundtrack is awesome. Legendary ship battless are amazing and templar outfits more charismatic and stylish. I was planning to start tu unity after complete black flag but i saw in the market. There will be sale again, Rogue and unity packet at low price. Don't miss it. This game is looking like snack between black flag and unity. Give it a chance. Don't try to finish it quickly. Shay's story will take you away and maybe at the end of game, you will be hater of assasins and become most dangerous templar. There is a huge three different maps. Its wonderful feeling and eye show at sunset traveling with your ship throught to ice mountains. Buy it (in sale if you can), you will not be regret for this ;)
 

Gregar
136 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2021
absolute mad lad
 

Hex: FWB
67 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2020
It's AC4:Black Flag with a different story. You could almost say it's a DLC for AC4.
If you enjoyed the first, you will enjoy this one.
 

AlexFabZZ
340 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
59.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
The most opimized assassin's creed game I have played!

EDIT: at the request of Drakhnor, I quote 'there's no AA except for FXAA, no PhysX, less graphics options altogether and no support for SLI.'
 

Psygo86
358 products in account
2
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
104.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2017
good game
pros
+ improved ship combat
+ new wepions
+ fun
+ playing as a templar
+ good combat
+ returning characters from ac4
+ good story
cons
- very long end credits
10/10
 

voldgamer
73 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
Basically Black Flag with some improvements/new gameplay features. If you liked AC IV chances are you'll like this one. Only drawbacks in my opinion are the somewhat dull environments and very uninspired plot. There is a lot of potential in the Assassin turned Templar concept, but they do very little with it past the opening act of the game and the characters are very unremarkable (Only expections being Shay and some returning members from previous games).

Overall, worth a buy if you have the extra money lying around, but I'd say grab it on a sale just in case (it goes on offer fairly often)

3.5/ 5 Honks
 

Goose
133 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2018
I finished Assassin's Creed: Rogue a few days ago. I played the previous games in the series except for the spin-offs. It's an Assassin's Creed game with ship battles much like Black Flag. The story is different this time. I like it. Compared to newer titles in the series the graphics look a bit dated but that was not a problem for me at least not after playing it a couple of hours. You get used to it. Also, it doesn't really look bad with the shaders at work.

There are lots of side quests in the game as it's an AC game. Since I 100%'ed several AC games, I'm tired of side quests. I did them once if the game forced me to as it is teaching me that mechanic/side quest or if I'm passing by and one of them pops up on my way. To mention some there are towers, chests, treasure maps, ship battles, naval campaign, forts, hostile settlements etc. I don't enjoy sea stuff much. Taking over hostile settlements is one of them I enjoyed the most. I played the game for about 20 hours in total. I can still play for a lot more because I did like 20% of the side quests maybe.

There are different weapons and costumes you can buy for your character. You can also customize your ship. It's crazy how much you can dress up your ship actually. This is beside straight up upgrading your ship weaponry btw.

I didn't enjoy some of the writing at the start but later I realized it was written that way for the story purposes, to make the player feel a certain way. I enjoyed the story. I also enjoyed the soundtrack.

Speaking of the story this game ties Black Flag, AC III and Unity together. It takes place before Unity. I played the game with a 360 controller. I found it much easier than keyboard. This is the first AC game I played with a controller.
 

Callipos
832 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2017
Whilst painfully short, Rogue is a great example of the AC Canon being read in such a way that blends both the Assassin and Templar stories, and makes you question truly who is right and who is wrong.

The story bridges the gaps between Black Flag and III, respectively before and during the American Civil war. Its very interesting to see how the characters developed, and with the obvious set up to Unity. It is slightly rushed at the beginning, Shay could have used more time to develop his motivations but its enjoyable nevertheless.

Essentially Black Flag 2.0, the gameplay mechanics such as naval combat, warehouse raids, hunting etc are carried over with a few new additions. These additions are fun, but I personally would have preferred a longer main story arc as sometimes the map screen is full to bursting with collectibles.

I am an unashamed fan boy of the series, but not a fan of the direction it has headed. Rogue is what the series could have been heading towards, with the creative department, not the financial department, leading the helm.
 

WantedEye
134 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
91.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Pros:

Storyline:
I had a great grudge against Shay a few years ago, when this game came out. This was due to the drastic change from the Assassin's point-of-view to a more advanced Templar Knight pathway. I thought the game was going to a disappointment, but I was wrong. I was very wrong! This game shows you a path of the Templar, Shay Patrick Cormac. This game shows you how the Assassin's can be wrong and how the Templars can be correct to their aim. To find freedom and peace, without chaos. But due to most-likely eternal war between the two groups, chaos cannot be avoided. This game shows how a careless Assassin can become such a caring Templar. I recommend you play this game, the story line of the game is absolutely intriguing!

Rating out of 10? I will give it an 8 out of 10.

Cons:
Bizarre in-game glitches such as:
Assassination targets standing upright, even though they have been killed.
Beserk darts stuttering enemies constantly

But these are minor problems, other than these issues, I really recommend this game to people who want a diferent view on Assassin's Creed.
 

OHAYO
173 products in account
1
19 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
53.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2020
Even knowing that Rogue was a follow up to AC Black Flag and that it was released in the same year as AC Unity, therefore, it wasn't Ubisoft main focus, it's fairly below average as far as Assassin's Creed games go.

This game was really hard to finish, Shay's path is understandable, but the characters around him are forgettable and uninteresting. Ubisoft lost a chance of making interesting and on a creative way of getting the player on the templars side, instead they just made the assassins characters presented feel shallow, unlikeable and with little purpose.

So yeah, aside from the story, there is nothing you won't have already experienced in previous games in the series. Basically this is Black Flag but with a few new environments thrown in.

You can skip it, unless you are really hooked into the series and want to know every single detail the franchise have. You would be better off buying Black Flag instead of this as it has a better story, more to do and better written characters so that's why I do not recommend it.
 

David 'Gadi' Assis
661 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
129.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2015
So now that the PC version of AC Rogue has been out and I have completed it I advise everyone to skip ever playing AC unity and play this instead. Even if it sometimes feels like it plays like AC Black flag 1.5! It has all the good bits of Black Flag with extra stuff and a new well put together story line.

Once again it has the same interface with the future that Black Flag had. Where you are a non seen, non talking minion who goes round hacking and doing shenanigans before going back to the game of the past. I kind of like that style. It makes you feel like the modern protagonist is actually you.

The game is fun and the new character is kind of cool, especially once he leaves the Assassins. In my opinion he was a bit of a douche as an assassin. As a Templar he is awesome though, I found I liked the character even though I still dislike the Templars. The actual past story I feel flows together well, and is well written. I was a bit sceptical of his leaving the Assassins but it fits in at the end. Also it is nice to see things from the Templars eyes. It adds a perspective that is nice. I am not spoiling the game by telling you that this is the story of a renegade Assassin.

The best bit is when it fills in story blanks from other AC games in my opinion. This game has a few of those. Also this game nicely ties things together. The history of the world and the conflict of the Assassins versus the Templars interlink. I highly recommend this game.
 

Bleys
809 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2017
Finaly you can play as Templar.
 

Karl
199 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 8
As always one of the best AC series games. Great Soundtrack
 

B!TSY™
19 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2017
This is all Black Flag was could be, it's all it should have been.
You can actually sell the ships you capture, better ship controls and more interesting story than that of Black Flag.
A must buy.
 

Artin
203 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2020
This is the follow up of AC Black Flag. Shay is a great protagonist and his idea about transforming from Assassin to Assassin Hunter is a nice change! Good storyline but only 6 sequences. That is the reason why I feel less connected with the other characters in the game. Personally I think this is too much the same game as AC Black Flag but with an other environment.
I had a great time cruising the frozen seas and the penguins are fantastic! You can visit some amazing places on a journey through New York City, the wild river valley and far away to the North Atlantic. Recommended!
 

Jones
201 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2020
So I'm playing Assassin's Creed : Rogue aka Black flag 2 fot the second time as of now when I'm writing this review. So people call this game Black flag 2 and I understand why. The gme seems an exact copy of Black flag from graphicks to ship battles and gameplay but that didn't get in the way of me enjoying the game. The only bad thing is that Black flag was so good that this game seems worse in majority of the aspects and you can feel that the most when it comes to story and the protagonist. The story is good but nothing special but never the less it was interesting and it had some cool plot twists.
The protagonist Shay Patrick Cormack : Born september 12th 1731 in New York City was a member of Colonial Rite of the templar order during 18th century. This character really reminds me of Edward Kenway he's smart, charismatic, brave but maybe not as charming as Edward was. Honestly I enjoyed playing as Shay Cormack but again comparing him to Black flag's Edward Kenway he's not as good. Now when It comes to graphicks again it's exactly the same as Black flag just instead of warm colours there are cold ones witch I liked a lot. So this is how I'm going to rate the game.
Story - 8/10
Graphicks - 10/10
Controls - 10/10
Gameplay - 10/10
Charaters - 7/10
Overall - 45/50
It's an awesome game that I recommend everyone to play it just did not manage to beat it's previous game in the franchise but still a great game to play.
 

Biggie
166 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2015
Surprisingly fun, AC: Rogue is like the love child of Blackflag and AC 3. Having a similar setting and atmosphere as AC 3 while retaining the fun and freedom of Blackflag, AC: Rogue saves the series from the sadness and turmoil of Unity. And it isn't unplayably (it's a word now) glitchy, so there's that...
 

Haywood Jablomey
87 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2015
This is essentially Assassin's Creed Black Flag 2. It's a decent PC port, and it's better and cheaper than Unity.
 

Raven
23 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2019
One of the best Assassin's Creed games out there!

Story 10/10
 

TimeMark
200 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 22, 2017
Assassin's Creed Rogue was a great game with reasonably good character development. It did not get the fame it deseverved due it releasing on the exact same day as Assassin's Creed Unity. The game wasn't as much of a failure as Unity but did still have some bugs and glitches here and there but that's what they get for releasing two games in one year.

Pros:
~ Differant take on the side your on (Your a Templar in this game)
~The feels of AC Black Flag
~Improved combat system compared to black flag
~Good story plot (could have been better if they put more effort in)
~You can understand Shays point of view for why he is no longer an Assassin
~Large map
~SPOILER - The game ties in with Unity not in a very big way but still pretty neat
~The graphics are 'ok' but it makes it easy to run and enjoy
~Game didn't crash a single time (i'm on windows 10)

Cons:
~Still buggy (still an easily playable game)
~Some underdeveloped characters that deserved more of a back story
~Too short of a campaign (would take 12 hours to finish the main storyline)
~Too many collectibles (a little bit lazy there ubisoft)

Do I recommend this? Yes. It is a great game that is definetely worth the $22.95 au. The game has a good plot but to get the full potential out you gotta play some side missions aswell. There are still bugs but they most of them aren't noticable and don't effect you horribly.
 

Moshster
135 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2016
It's a "shayme" this game is so short because its one of the strongest Assassin's Creed games by far.
 

Widsnes
876 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2021
More like, Assassin's Creed : Based
 

SK14
335 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2018
Assassin's Creed Rogue is the definition of Exploration and Adventure! I really like both Black Flag and Rogue because of the sea/ocean exploration with a ship. Now for Rogue:
Story:
Interesting! I also like the fact that it fills the gaps of (Inside Animus of course) AC 3's story. You understand the origins of certain characters from from AC 3, how they came to be the person they were in that game and etc.
Side Quests:
Quite interesting. I was quite surprised that you can unlock some of the outfits and weapons (via side quests) early in the game, and by early i mean you don't have to finish the 4-5th sequence of the game to get it like previous installments (altohugh that can actually make you more interested into the game, you want to unlock that certain weapon or outfit, argh and you want it bad :D).
I am not going to get into too much details about the game mechanics, it is quite similar to Black Flag in relation to climbing, sail around with the ship and etc. There was only a slight issue regarding the runing and jumping/climbing, it seemed to me that Shay couldn't climb or jump the right spot (for example, he couldn't climb certain tree, although he can do that if you jump down and climb it again), but that is just a very minor issue. The Big Picture: Game runs smoothly! No FPS drops (at least not for me), good graphics, yeah some people may not find them spectacular, but for me they are cool!
I mentioned the outfits, I find them amazing. Quite different from the other AC games. I managed to unlock all of them except one, because I finished the game and I started playing other stuff, but I am planning on unlocking it, because it looks interesting.
The end of the game is also very interesting. It really connects well with the beginning of the next AC game.
All in all, great game. 10/10 would play it again! So if you wonder whether to give it a chance or not, I would say yes!
 

Batman
272 products in account
2
22 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2019
AC Rogue is a stripped down version of Black Flag, a much shorter game with a few unique little twists that still make it worthwhile. In addition to the ship upgrades and battles, looting warehouses and conquering forts/gang HQs are a different experience. Overall, I think it’s an OK Assassin’s Creed game, but it certainly does not take the place of AC II or Black Flag. However, the main plot, in my opinion, is weak, and just not captivating. There was not a great buildup to the ending. The scenery is not as pretty as in Black Flag, but the icebergs are a new twist.

7/10
 

Howlux
977 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
94.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2017
Short and sweet. As one reviewer mentioned, its literally the Revelations of AC3, AC4, and Unity. It portrays Shay Patric Cormac, a person that one sees is crucial in the storylines of these 3. Also Haytham. Haytham... is still Haytham.
 

Vilopus.Doom
147 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2016
I'm not going to make a huge review even thought this game deserve it. On the short note Rogue ends the American Saga and opens the Unity game, even if the story is between Black Flag and AC III. It's a good game, the first one where you play as a templar. You find yourself spending some 10+ hours only on the main story but there are a lot of things to do, so even on full price it's worth.
 

Ragnar "Loðbrók" Sigurdsson
351 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 30
(+) Points
1. Good Story ( In a Alternative way )
2. Awesome Action , Combat , Parkour , Ship Battle
3. Nice Visual Locations
4. Very Good Optimization for Low Specs PC
5. Stealth OR Full Mode Action ( Your Choice )

(-) Points
1. Story Short
2. Little Bit Glitchy Sometimes

Verdict : Its a good action packed game with good story overall.

Rating : 8.5 / 10
 

Mr. JESTER
259 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
115.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2017
Loved It !
Fully Optimised!😍
 

pinggggg
282 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2020
Very underated ac game
 

Cornelius
320 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2015
Very simlar to Black Flag (which for me is a good thing). Definatey not the prettiest game out but it is very passable and finally not an absolutely god awful port to pc. A few noticable things:

Graphics:
+Pretty good looking
+Easy to run on the highest settings
-No presets (must manually set everything)
-Framne locked at 60 fps from what I can tell (doesn't bother me, may bother others, and no I don't have vsync on)

Gameplay:
+/- combat is cut and paste from black flag
+New activities
+hunting feels a little better, animals are slightly more forgiving to movement (easier)
+not broken (I am looking at you unity)

Story (Though I have not gotten far):
+Interesting so far (I want to continue playing, again looking at you Unity)
+Great main character, Shay is really cool
+fun crossover between games, achilles and adalwea make appearances in the first half-hour or so

Engine
------------♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay man
-MSI afterburner (and overlay) can not be used in this game. If you want to track fps, have to use fraps, afterburner causes crashes. Took about a half hour to figure this out. If you have anything over like a 760 though you should be maxing at 60 fps anyway, so don't bother downloading fraps if you have a decent graphics card.

Again game is easy to max and is unfortunately framelocked, but for comparrisson I run:

i5 3570k (stock)
msi gtx 970 100me
8GB (2x4gb) kingston hyperx Blu
msi z77 mobo



 

gphunk
218 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2017
I am a bit torn here. For the most part, this is an enjoyable AC. Gameplay is extremely similar to Black Flag, which on the one hand is fine, as Black Flag was great, but on the other hand it does feel like a repeat.

The main distinguishing feature is that your assassin switches sides to the Templars, so you get to see things from their perspective. While the idea is cool (and they actually give the protagonist a good motivation to abandon his original cause), it just doesn't make much of a difference. You're still doing the same stuff, and you're still playing a likable character with strong morals. The only real differences are that you now occassionally get ambushed by assassins, and that there is a side activity where you try to prevent a target from getting assassinated.

Story wise, the game ties AC 3, Black Flag (including Freedom Cry), and Unity together. You get to see some familiar places and faces, which is cool.

On to the bad stuff.

The game has serious quality control issues. This is absolutely disgraceful for a major company like Ubisoft. The game crashed to desktop every 15 minutes on my Windows 10 machine. This turned out to be a known issue that Ubisoft just can't be bothered to fix. (A workaround that the community found is to disable the TabletInputService service. No thanks to Ubi for that one, but it does work.) I've had to restart one mission 6 times because a target kept spawning into the ocean. I've had a checkpoint respawn me in a completely different location, requiring me to travel all across the world map to get back to the mission. I've had autotravel permanently disabled. I've had combat animations triggered without an opponent. Etc. Apart from the crash to desktop none of these were game breaking, but they shouldn't exist in a 2.5 year old title from a major company.

Otherwise it's mainly the same old annoyances that we're familiar with from other ACs. Abstergo segments that nobody cares about. Lots of pointless collectables. Lots of "puzzles" that require no thought, but do take up time. Free running controls that occasionally make you jump into an abyss, or climb a random object, even though you clearly didn't want that.

A final annoyance is that after the main mission, you are forced to sit through the entire credits sequence, with no possibility to skip. And Ubi credits are always insanely long. Hope you want to know the names of the HR manager of Ubisoft Bucharest, the "Associate Manager, Shopper Marketing", and "Director, Security & Risk Management", because you will have 18 minutes and 27 seconds of that kind of nonsense to look at.

In conclusion, AC Rogue is a pretty good AC, but it's very similar to Black Flag, and Ubisoft really doesn't care about customer experience.
 

Fred2000
626 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2017
black flag 2
 

other binger
71 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2021
Rogue is the only Assassin's Creed game I've ever played brave enough to stray from the tired trope of the underground freedom fighter operating nobly outside of the law that this series constantly leans on.

Instead of working with some plucky, rag-tag group of diverse characters who are somehow able to epicly own "da ebil power hungree elite," you and your chad Freemason-eque bros go around the North Atlantic slapping the ass of retarded street urchins who think their edgy hoods and "deep" moral code give them the right to ♥♥♥♥ with the absolute MacGuffin that is the "precursor" civilization.

The 180 spin from Assassins doing no wrong to constantly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up is a little weird, but after game upon game of "chosen-one epic beat-em-up power fantasy" it is nice to see the series actually acknowledge that there might be a bit of moral grey area in it's universe. If you are someone who likes to drive around with a Star Wars Resistance sticker on their car then keep moving, but if you can enjoy a story where it isn't just a given that "I'm good guy ur bad guy" then I would definitely give this game a shot.

Overall this game is pretty good. The setting is awesome/usually overlooked and sticking blades into the eyes of Assassins seconds after they jump at you saying some witty one-liner is extremely cathartic.
 

Bufo
376 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2017
Product received for free

It's basically black flag. And Black flag is awesome. If you haven't played black flag or if you haven't played it very much then I recommend this game. But if you've played black flag to death then this game will bore you, as it does not bring much new to the table, even if it is a good game.
 

McFly666
287 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2016
Yes...A simple Yes for a great game... Alhtough not so many significant changes were made, compared to AC Black Flag (engine, graphics, gameplay) it IS a fine addition to the series, ending in an unexpected way. I played it twice through (PS3,PC). After AC2 this has just become my favorite. It would be a good thing to continue Shay's story. See, sometimes spinoffs come out even greater than major titles. Have Fun with it.
 

The_Architect
252 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2015
This game is definitely a must play for any Assassin's Creed fan who enjoys both it's rich narrative and insanely addicting gameplay. I think it's best to compare to AC Liberation. Liberation introduced a character tied to Connor Kenway in AC3, much like this game introduces a character connecting to Haytham Kenway, Adewale, and Achillies Davenport. I feel that, in terms of lore, this game holds a lot more weight than Liberation and is overall a more polished and envigorating experience. It returns to the excellent naval gameplay of AC4 whilst bringing back some favorite characters from AC3. In addition, Shay Cormac allows us to experience the Templar Order in a new light. When we got to play as Haytham Kenway in AC3 we got a glimpse at what the Order was really about and how their goals aren't so different from the assassins. Shay offers this same opportunity - as players used to fighting for the assassin cause, Shay enables us to question their true motives, making for a really interesting story.

This game was really overshadowed by Unity in many ways. With Unity being the 'bigger' title of the year, Rogue was out on it's own plane. As one who has finished both games, I can honestly say that Rogue is better in almost every way and it's seriously underrated. I hope that this game gets more attention because people deserve to know that this game carries great weight in the AC universe and it's concepts could and should be given the opportunity to return later on in other games to continue to delve into the understanding of the ideological war between Assassin and Templar.
 

Matt_
226 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2019
First of all, I want to say that the reason why I bought AC:Rogue is because I enjoyed AC:Black Flag so much (different platform, hence no review). Both games are very similar and if you like one, you will definitely like the other aswell.

Even better, AC:Rogue has improved many aspects of Black Flag, most of them having to do with naval gameplay, like allowing you to skip the Naval Battles that play in the captain's cabin, replacing Gems with the universal currency for buying ship docks for your fleet, adding way more ammo to the Mini-Gun that you can use when boarding enemy ships and also getting rid of the tedious "cut enemy flag" requirement.
Naval combat has also received a little boost in difficulty which was needed, especially noticable when you fight your first Manowar, but the drawback is that the Legendary Ship fights are outright unfair in this game.

The story just like in Black Flag lies between average and good, nothing particularly memorable to be honest, but still interesting as they also introduce famous names which you have to escort or save from villains and also many mentions of Edward. You have the classic assassination marks, the betrayal, the "temple runs" and the annoying Abstergo missions, with all of them taking up to about 20 hours of the game.

Gameplay, stealth combat, gear and upgrading are identical to Black Flag, as is the parkour, but sadly Ubisoft provides you with most of the weaponry very early in the story which takes out all the fun of progressing. Still, if you loved turning an entire fort against each other using Berserker Darts and letting the enemy soldiers do your work, then you will love it even more now with the new Grenade weapons. The only thing missing is a few difficult quests, like the final chase mission in Black Flag which I'm sure most people restarted at least 10 times like myself.

And that leads me to the end-game of AC:Rogue and why I don't have 40+ hours in it, which is what it takes to fully upgrade your ship, your gear and open the entire map. I merely finished the story, fought a couple of legendary ships and then stopped. That is because the rest of the game is so easy and sadly repetitive in many cases (liberating New York) and many end-game goals like animal hunting, harpooning, Viking/Templar armor etc. are basically pointless. You get so much money which spares you the need to hunt animals and allows you to buy the best purchasable swords/pistols and upgrades early on, the enemy AI doesn't change at all and when it comes to ship battles, after sinking Manowars... well there's just more Manowars or the unfair Legendary-Ship fights with their armies which you have to fight all alone.

Adding to that, there is so much ice and snow in this game that it makes unexplored areas rather uninviting. At least I am not a fan of cold places and that's most likely the reason why I went 100% into Black Flag with all its tropical southern islands. Also there is no longer a "dive" system to hunt for ship-blueprints and fight with sharks :(

Still, in the end you can easily get 20 hours+ out of this game paired with a decent story and voice-acting, some really beautiful graphics, a fun and clever combat and of course the ship battles which are awesome. Whether you finish the whole game or not is entirely up to you, but nonetheless I would definitely recommend this game to all AC:Black Flag fans and especially if you find it on a sale.
 

Phil7
29 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2018
I give a thumb down, doesn’t mean the game is bad, just because I don’t like the story.

Rouge inherits all great mechanisms in Black Flag and adds more from Freedom Cry and Assassin’s Creed 2/Brotherhood/Revelations (the economic system). It has some improvements, like control, graphic and optimization, making it smoother and fun to play. Nonetheless, the script is floppy and lazy. Thoughj the story is rather short, it could have expressed ideas much better yet it chose the lazy way to do it, making the story not solid and full of logical fallacy. I have a strong sense of déjà vu as it reminds me of Assassin’s Creed 3, which is also poorly written and has peculiar and difficult requirements to achieve perfect synchronized in missions, making me wonder if it is the same crews who made these two games.

I am a huge movie fan, so I might get a bit harsh on the story. The story of Rogue is much like the movie Batman v Superman, both of which present the idea of protagonists doing something striking and seemly evil and obviously against the common ideas of the audience, yet they failed to create true and solid conflict between Batman and Superman, or in this case, the Assassin brotherhood and Shay, our protagonist.

Don’t get me wrong. I like the idea of an assassin going rogue, but the script fails to do it nicely. First, the game fails to create the personality of Shay. In the first sequel, all we see is a young, rebellious, arrogant and undisciplined assassin who is not punctual. Worse still, we have no idea what his motive to be an assassin since he seemly lacks recognition to his identity as an assassin. Second, throughout the whole game you could see Shay seldom make his own decisions, or reveal his own thoughts. Mostly what his doing is finishing missions assigned by the assassin or the templar, like a puppet pulled strings by others.

One major loophole is the reason Shay flee from the assassin brotherhood is not solid. However, the way the game presents it is ridiculous. Thus, there is no true conflict between the assassin and Shay. The devs just love the idea of having them fight against each other. 

Another major loophole is why Shay joined the templar is also unbelievable. 

Lastly, in the story the assassin is on broad with the French, making more excuses for players to slaughter them. It completely goes against the creed of assassin! They never pick sides, they just fight whoever against the free will of people. In most cases it is the templar, but the assassin never ever stands for any side! What's worse, the assassin's bureaus become the hideout of gangsters in New York and assassins work with criminals! Where are their creed and dignity? Just purposely make more excuses to the players to kill them.

Sigh... The story is messed up. If I were the writer (and obviously I am not), the story would go like this. First I would describe Shay as a man with his own creed, which led him to join the assassin. For example, Shay is a son of colonists, both of his parents died from protecting the colonists’ rights from the authority. Thus gave him the idea of protecting people and their free will. When he learned about the assassin that protects people’s free will, he joined them. After he first realized the great power of the artifact and severe collateral damage the colonists suffered, he tried to persuade the mentor into giving up using the artifact to fight against the templar, but the mentor insisted, ignoring the suffering people. So Shay went rogue since it is against his own creed. He first joined the templar to use their power to eliminate the loyal sidekicks of the mentor, and persuaded some of his old comrades into joining him. Then he confronted the mentor and retrieved the artifact. Knowing that the templar also have their plans to use the artifact to manipulate people, Shay and his fellows killed them too. As far as I’m concerned, it is much more solid that the original story. We have evil mentor before in Assassin’s Creed 1 so it is easy to have the mentor who lost his way in believing protecting people’s free will simply equals to eliminating the templar. The mentor retired after the incident also perfectly matches the following Connor’s story. Not only it goes by getting Shay go rogue but shows a different way of being an assassin and lives on the creed.

Love the game, but the dev should have done much better.
 

Midnight Patrol™
251 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2017
I decided to get this game because it has it's main story in it. The main story really connects to all the other games as to this one. I love this game so, so much. It's one of the creeds game you must play.
 

♰Noxah✨Nukem♰
1,666 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2018
its really good game and perfect for people who enjoyed black flag
 

Captain Squirrel
127 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2017
Its fine, but...

God does it get repetitive after a while.

I don't know if it has to do with the pacing, the way that the game introduces its missions, and side activities, or if it simply has to do with the fact that the game fails in creating the illusion of "diversity" whilst keeping the player repeating the same actions, over, and over again.

After a while it's as if all just blends together, and I just couldn't stand it after a while.

It does have some brillant moments tho, for starters, I love the combat system in this game, I understand completely why some people always held Assassins Creed combat, as a whole, as one of the biggest issues in the series, but I always enjoy it, even if it was "trivial" at that.

All you do its counter, watch an entretaining animation of the player murdering in a brutal way your enemies, and then you can chain those executions together.

It incorporates several different elements of all the other Assassins Creed, and I enjoy that, I don't remember if the air rifle was ever present in any of the past entries in the franchise tho, so maybe that's new.

Essentially, it's a silent rifle that allows you to shoot darts that produce different effects to your enemies, it's quite enjoyable to put a soldier to sleep, only to wake him up with a massive stomp in his stomach.

Brutal, but enjoyabe, quite fun.

However the flow of the combat, and exploration gets...

"Burst" by the incredibly annoying sailing that you need to repeat, wherever you go to.

It would be understandable to have a multitude of activities that you can complete while sailing, but besides being able to pick up certain things, and attacking other ships, there really isn't that much to do, which I resent, because it can get quite boring to just sail across the seas, at first it was quite relaxing, eventually it just became jarring.

I ended up fast travelling to most of the places I needed to go to for this.

Then the other issue that I have it's in regards to the multitude of objectives, upgrades, and crafting, mechanics, and systems, that the developers incorporated in the game.

I can't tell you how redundant, and unnecessary this are, in the hours that i've spended in this game i've yet to use any of the crafting systems, or even the act of just hunting animals around islands, I used it once during the tutorial mission, after that another time, and that was it.

There's just no incentive whatsoever to keep you doing this things, it's as if you can carry just enough to get you through your journey, without pinning you against any real challenges, or situations in which you need to use any of those particular type of upgrades.

Then there are the upgrades of the ship, and of your equipment, with the equiment, being the weapons that you can carry, like the pistols, and your trusty knife, and sword.

Probably the last one of which it's among the simplest to obtain, given you only need money, which you can get in a multitude of ways, with the ones from the ship being tedious to get, for the simple reason besides money you also need materials that you can find whilst attacking other ships.

Which are hard to come by...

To me, it's as if Ubisoft has this checklist for every game, it is insane to me that just because say, something like the crafting system, worked wonders in Far Cry, they add it to this game.

But they do it in such a blunt, and dumb way, to me is as if they took that system, and "stapled" it on top of their actual idea of the game they wanted to make.

When this game is its own game, then it shines, and it provide me with an experience that I can relate only to the unique, and very special one I had with Assassins Creed 2, but for the most part, sadly, it suffers from a lot of the "syndromes" that current Ubisoft titles have...

When I started this "review" I planned to recommend the game, and in a way I do, frankly if I could vote in a "mixed" way, I would, but since I can't, and really, in retrospective, the negative aspects of the game seem to be the ones that resonate the most.

I have to lean to not recommend it...

If anything, do buy it, but on a deep, deep discount.

The story is fantastic, and maybe the one in years, that has truly surprised me, the "turn" at the end of sequence 2, and at the start of 3, was presented, and handled, masterfully.

Really the only negative thing about the narrative for me, where the completely unnecessary and annoying "Animus" sequences, I really don't understand where that aspect of this games lies anymore, of what's trying to tell me, if anything at all, to me it's a completely unnecessary "slog" in an otherwise fantastic story.
 

wolfinston85
1,196 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
52.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 5
Rogue is basically Assassins Creed Black Flag, but playing as a templar.

As much as I hate the parkour controls in AC3, Black Flag, and Rogue... I'll ignore it.. for now.

Anyways, you play Shay Cormac in 18th century America, a member of the Assassins. While he was a member of the Assassins he decides to end his friendship instead work as a templar because of a mission that goes in a way that affects his morals. As you grow in the templar order, you are slowly hunting down your so-called friends in the assassin brotherhood. Ain't progressing further because of spoilers.

To be honest I just think Rogue is a BIG AC black flag DLC. It's pretty short and there aren't as many places to explore compared to its previous entry. The story has 6 sequences which are 30-45 minutes each. Also, like the black flag, you can exit the animus and move around explore and hack your co-worker's computers. It's the exact same area, but there is a different-ish plot involved outside the animus. I didn't really pay any attention to that section of the game because like in Syndicate, Origins, and Odyssey I think they are completely unnecessary. (My opinion btw)

Gameplay-wise, it's pretty similar to Black flag, though there are some new features...
- Naval warfare is easier... For some reason.
- Improved swivel guns, new charging feature, and oil barrels.

- New weapons
- Grenade launchers, poisonous gases, air rifle

- Different enemy types
- British soldiers are your allies while assassins and the french are your enemies + assassin stalkers too

Instead of assassin contracts where you kill a single target, it is replaced by another sort of contract where you need to protect an individual from several assassins in a certain location. Honestly, I liked black flags assassin contracts, but for the sake of the story...

And of course, there are the collectibles... In Rogue, there are three locations you can travel mainly to. New York, River Valley, and North Atlantic. All three locations have the usual, animus fragments, treasure chests, and shanties. Though there are some new things you can find. Native pillars, Viking swords, and templar maps both if you collect enough, you can unlock outfits/weapons.

A perk of playing a templar is you can have an income cycle now. Every so often you get a certain amount of money from liberating forts, creating settlements, renovating buildings, etc...

I'd honestly would've preferred this to be a DLC since the story can be finished in a single day. So the <$14.99 is good enough for me.
 

Nessa
1,108 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2020
NOTE: If you want to play the game and are encountering performance problems, open the Windows task manager -> "Details" tab -> right-click ACC.exe -> Set affinity -> CPU 0 and CPU 1 -> Accept. This should stop most of the stutter and framerate drops.

An interesting premise undone by cartoonish reductionism and bidimensional characters leaves an otherwise mediocre game stranded among disappointingly squandered potential.

Gameplay is borderline identical to Black Flag due to Rogue carrying over the mechanics and dynamics virtually unchanged, save for a handful of poorly implemented additions. It retains the surprisingly scalable spectacle from what was originally a Gen 7 exclusive, but also its considerable baggage: Clumsy and unresponsive controls, absent AI, abysmal bugginess, the completely broken counter -> insta-kill move that ruins melee combat, stiff animations, tedious design principles, and general technical failings.

Frustration extends to almost every facet, clearly inherited from the technical and design struggles Black Flag also faced... Except Rogue came out a year after, and its issues really should have been fixed by then. I've always been surprised at Unity's reputation as the buggiest Assassin's Creed - yes, it was buggy and the issues were often memeable and therefore likely to spread, but Black Flag and Rogue are far, far buggier, even after patches. It's no exaggeration to state that almost every combat encounter, or every five minutes of gameplay, will feature some sort of highly obvious bug, making immersion impossible to sustain and constantly leading me to question "Why am I bothering?"

I could elaborate on all the nuances, but there's not really much point: Rogue is a mindless, buggy mess that offers little redeeming value beyond appeasing the inherent human need to collect things, so if you like to finish meaningless collectathons, then you might enjoy this game. Otherwise, it's a worse take on Black Flag, and both games are far surpassed by previous entries in the series. I enjoyed the opening hours because who wouldn't like ramming their ship through ice sheets into British frigates? But shortly after the initial thrill, Rogue reveals its many failings, and the frustrating technical issues as a result of it being a poor port and constant bugs sealed the deal for my abandonment of the game just one third into the main storyline. Avoid.

★☆☆☆☆
 

Cydonia
512 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
105.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2015
This is in my opinion the BEST Assassin's Creed game that I have ever played and its completely under shadowed by Unity, and is flat out stunning and amazing in every way you can think of but even though it is great just like every other game it does have some flaws but lets start with the positives, and for those that think this game is a exspansion pack to Black Flag go ♥♥♥♥ yourself

Intro
You play as Shay Cormic a faithful Assassin until the brotherhood does something unspeakable that uses him and 1,000s of other innocent people, it strikes his morales so hard that he goes apart from everything that he used to believe in, as he slowly makes his incline into a Templar he starts to doubt if he's doing the right thing to his friends and what he used to believe but in the end he knows whats best and doesn't stop until he stops the extremist like group of the Assassins

Pros
- AMAZING Campaign - with the best ending EVER!!! seen in the franchise
- 3 large open worlds - including, New York, The River Valley, and The North Atlantic all of which look amazing
- Likeable main character and in my opinion my favorite Assassin/Templar in the franchise
- Improved game mechanics
- New game mechanics
- New missions based on points from a Templar - such as assassin contracts, you end up intercepting a pigeon by quietly sneaking up on it once grabbed you read the contract and then you must kill all of the assassins before they kill the Templar not just this but there are other missions which are opposite from the other creed games
- Lots of replay value - with probably up to 150 hours and more
- New enemy types - including enemy ships boarding you, Gang HQs, and more
- New ship gameplay features - including Rams, rapid fire puckle guns, and more
- Famiular Faces - Old characters from previous Assassin's Creed games including Adwele, Achilles, Haythm Kenway, Benjamin Franklin and 1 I can't mention( beat the campaign and you'll know ;) and sorry for butchering those xD
- No Crashes - I've never had even one crash and that's saying something becuase I'm honestly running on a system thats nowhere near the best
- Very few minor glitches - with lots of hours on this game it has ran almost perfectly and so smooth unlike Black Flag in which I had to turn off every graphics option and it still doesn't work smoothly, I've also heard that Rogue had the best launch for any Creed game on steam
- No more tailing missions - yes finally it's about time that one Assassin's Creed game has got it right, there is no more tailing missions in the game except for one ship one which is pretty quick and easy, but yes that's one great chip off my and your shoulder

Cons
- Needed A Longer Campaign - Though a great campaign it was short as it's 6 sequences compared to Black Flag that has 13 and could have been longer
- Don't to upgrade your ship - or Shay that much to progress/finish though campaign
- No multiplayer - though single player can be great enough for some
- DLC - for the great but short campaign that we got a new DLC campaign wouldn't hurt and the current DLC is mostly collectibles
- Needs More After Campaign Motivation - After campaign there is so much to do though you don't have as big as motivation to do so unlike Flag unless your a perfectionist
- Assassin's Hunting you - throughout the game assassins will hide in bushes, hay, rooftops, crowds, doors and more, and try to kill you just like you do to Templars in other games yet this feature is overdone and discourges exploring New York as there are around about ever corner which gets very annoying
- Basic Rogue Outfit Glitch - The basic outfit in which Shay is seen is his Templar outfit which is the best costume in the game sadly with all DLC added but when you got to Conflict zones he pulls on/down a hood in which he doesn't have so it just looks stupid
- To Close To Black Flag At Times - This game is still amazing yet it does sadly feel like it's trying to do what Black Flag already did as I mean that theres still lots of new cool features but not enough to make it stand out which is maybe part of the reason that this game is underestimated, but it needed even more new features then it added to the series
- 1 Frustrating Mission - And my biggest issue/frustration with the game was when you have to Kill Hope, that was the most frustrating B.S Mission I've ever had to do it was extremely difficult and if done wrong can go on endlessly
- No steam achievements/steam trading cards - which idk why all Ubisoft games do this
- Uplay - its about time Ubisoft no one actually likes this $hit and you know it

Final Verdict
This game is flat out AMAZING and well worth it's of $30 or $40 in my case and is one hell of a steal if bought on sale, and is just so fun to play, though it does have some Cons as ever game does, once you finish the campaign the ending to me was so good it changed my thoughts on the game 100% and had me freaking out, it has lots of content with or without DLC to give you tons of more hours and you still won't come near to finishing it, and once you finish this game trust me you'll be rooting for the Templars for a long time, all in all I'd have to give this game a 9.4/10 and I usually don't give anything that high, so make to add this game to your wishlist or cart RIGHT NOW!!! This is a must have for any Assassin's Creed fan or anyone that lives!!!!!!!
 

Oliver"Arrow"Queen
160 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
84.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2019
Down with the Assassins!!!

In this game you play an Assassin that falls out of favor with the Assassins and joins up with the Templar. It offers different perspectives and you'll see faces from Black Flag. The storyline is top-notch, the gameplay is very similar to Black Flag but it's improved in various areas. The game still has ship combat and the ability to lead a pirates life by attacking other ships and stealing their cargo. Overall a game I'd highly recommend, I think this game is slightly better (and slightly shorter) then Black Flag.
 

Snow [☯]
229 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2020
Fun game with a somewhat good story. One of the biggest annoying things about the game is the abstergo office scenes. Why have that in the game, so ♥♥♥♥ it does not fit in at all. Why can i not just be an assassin sailing on the ocean in the 1700 century? Exploring and doing missions?

This was a fun game, fun sailing down the ocean and exploring cities and islands. Combat is the same as black flag, personally i think this is the same as black flag but with an different environment and season.

I would say, play black flag before this. If you like black flag then you are gonna like this.
 

TimmyTrumpet
60 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2021
Ultimately I still recommend Assassin's Creed Rogue as a game to play but my honest feeling is that I am neutral/lukewarm on how I feel about this game. For me, this was the first game in the series where things felt empty in the world, the gameplay got somewhat shallow, and no innovation was taking place. On the one hand it felt like a proper sequel to Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag (which I enjoyed) but on the other hand it just wasn't as good or fun to play.

If you buy this game and play it, you will be getting the stereotypical Assassin's Creed game. Definitely do not buy this game expecting to see innovation or advancement in the series.
 

Pcable131
516 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2015
Assassin’s Creed Rogue was one hell of an adventure and honestly, despite it not being as long or as filled as the other games, it is possibly one of the best Assassin’s Creed yet and far better in story and gameplay than Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag or Assassin’s Creed: Freedom Cry, it is a must play (PS, it respects the lore of the Assassin’s Creed franchise and kinda feels like a fan service to the Assassin’s Creed community ;P ).

The story of Shay Patrick Cormac, he is Irish by the way if you cannot tell by his super Irish name (maybe another reason why I love this character so much, is the relatable ethnic group) is one of the mots well developed, emotional, immersive and sympathetic storyline in the Assassin’s Creed franchise standing next to Assassin’s Creed: Brotherhood in my personal opinion.

He actually questions what he is doing and why he must do it. He feels guilt for killing people unnecessarily. He actually says no to those in charge because of morality. He feels like a human being. He gets sad. He gets angry. He feels guilt. He feels sympathy. He feels like a real person and the story, despite it being only about 6 hours, expands on that and throws you into this emotional twist of a game game that is his struggle to find truth and to seek his personal redemption. It is different from the other Assassin’s Creed story while, yes, it has the typically Assassin’s Creed revenge aspect, it is not focused around it like the other Assassin’s Creed games are. It is one of the best stories in the Assassin’s Creed franchise.

Add that ontop of the beautiful open world where this time, the world actually encourages you to explore it. You feel the need as the world, whether it be the Arctic or River Valley (or the recycled New York city which is done better here than Assassin’s Creed III, don’t get me wrong, I just expect Assassin’s Creed games not to recycle main locations), it feels fresh and immersive. I spent a good 10 to 15 hours just exploring the River Valley and the Arctic and loved every moment of it!

And to visit the city of Halifax was one of my favourite things! I have been there in real life but to see Ubisoft’s historical version of it was beautiful and immersive and I loved it!.

Overall, you have to give this game a try. I spent almost a good 30 hours on it and most of it was exploring the beautiful open world. The only downside, the story is short, 6 hours for me and I took my time. Shorter if you rush it.
 

KimSul
714 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2017
One of the best in Assasssin creed series...
Pros
nice storyline
interesting Templar perspective

Cons
Short Story(10-12 hrs)

 

Kanpuriya Babu
66 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2017
Product received for free

My favorite AC game of all time. Its Black Flag v2.0. Smoother, smarter, richer. Get it now, and dont even think about it.
 

Nomicoe
275 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2020
Pretty good game, you need to get this because it ties up some strings from previous Assassin's Creed games.
The games are sorta grouped in a certain order, such as, Assassin's Creed II, Brotherhood and Revelations are grouped as one, there are heavy references from all the games, within the games (What i mean is, there are easter eggs, additional info's from past games, in their successor). After that, Assassin's Creed III, Black Flag, Rogue and Unity are the next groups of games which have certain inter-changeable elements and factors which make the games whole. As for Syndicate, Origins and Odyssey I can't say much they are very different games, although good, not quite Assassin like. I personally wish there was more lore and story in Odyssey and Origins but I'll write a review on those respective games.
 

SahilNarularocks <3
27 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
78.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2020
I played a lot AC Black Flag in 2013 twas my game of the year. AC Rogue has almost identical gameplay with even more collectables and new Shanties!; 2note here, I miss the ship wreckage exploration that AC Black Flag had. It also has elements of AC3 like New York and forest areas and occasionally haunted by Assassins in various areas similar to previous multiplayer mechanics.

The plot twist to switch sides was expected I guess; fair to say that was needed as it makes you understand the opposite order to a greater extent. However, to a newcomer not sure if it makes any difference.

I do recommend the game nonetheless as I had great time cruising the frozen seas, harpooning, farming the collectables xD, sinking the 'four' legendary ships and staring at penguins dive in some yet unexplored god forsaken rock that I happened to be there.

***The main menu music brings some Ezio atmosphere -- which is totally awesome and heartily received.***
 

bulletcluster
433 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2018
Is kinda late to write a review about this game, but it is better late than never.

This is probably the most underrated AC series since it's release date was pretty close to the overhype AC: Unity.

The atmosphere of the game is wonderful & the story is pretty well written (At least from my perspective) & it offer enough replayability to keep you entertain. The collectible in AC: Rogue was just in the perfect amount not to exhaust you like in other AC series (Yes!! I am talking about AC: Unity) & thru my entire gameplay, it was at smooth 60 fps without any glitch.

If you already play any AC series up to the point of Black Flag, get Rogue & skip Unity. I can assure you that nothing is lost by skipping Unity (Unless you are hardcore AC fans).
 

Sep
204 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2016
Did you Like Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag?
If so, then you'll like Assassin's Creed: Rogue.

Rogue is pretty much everything Black Flag had, but with more. In a way, it is the AC: Brotherhood to Black Flag's AC II. It kind of almost has too much to do in it, really, as I just beat it after spending a lot of time doing side activities and I still finished with quite a lot of stuff left over to do and about a 76% completion rating. Hell, half of New York isn't even used in the game but you can still explore it, collect items, and complete side activities there. Speaking of which, this game is pretty huge. There's tons of land to explore across multiple different maps, with smaller story-related locations, too. Much like Black Flag this game is a damn fine pirate simulator, with a lot of ship sailing, plundering, and ship combat. While it doesn't look as nice as Black Flag, for a last-gen game it comes pretty damn close and looks great. The soundtrack is also really well done with some really good voice acting, too.

Your enjoyment of the story depends on how much of a fan you are of the series as a whole, but this is a direct sequel to Black Flag, so even if you only played that game there is a lot to enjoy about this game and how it relates to the events that unfolded during Black Flag. Even better, if you played AC III it ties very heavily into the story of that game, as well, and leads directly into the events that will unfold in AC: Unity. Plus, if you complete side activities there are a ton of little bits and pieces that talk about the events of prior AC games as well as providing introductions to characters of future AC games such as the trilogy of AC: Chronicles games, Unity and Syndicate. The whole game feels like a love letter to fans of the series, so if you've stuck with it for this long then you'll be handsomely rewarded for your time invested.

It plays like an Assassin's Creed game through and through, though, so for some people out there this game still won't do anything to convert them. For others, though, such as fans of the series or even people that only played Black Flag or either avoided Unity or were disappointed by it, this is a really solid game. As an added bonus it is also nicely optimized. I played on an AMD FX-4350 CPU, Radeon R9 270 GPU, along with 16 GB of DDR3 SDRAM with maxed-out settings across the board and I had a solid 60 FPS from start to finish. I could barely maintain 30 FPS on AC III and that wasn't even maxed out, so this was a really pleasant surprise.

Highly recommended for AC and/or Black Flag fans.
 

Butz
1,904 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
77.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2020
 

검은색Rose
21 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2016
This game like AC4 + snow. I love AC4 more than this game, however it's still fun.
 

CastleZ
322 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2017
After just completing the main story and all of the major activities around the world, I can say that AC: Rogue is a welcome part of the AC storyline/universe. If you liked Black Flag (as I'm sure you've read in nearly every other review) you'll like this addition just as much, if not, more as it is similar to BF in nearly every aspect. Rogue was created in a hurry before the release of AC: Unity, which did not include "older" generations of consoles - entitiled fanbois weren't happy, so they scrapped together Rogue for release on older platforms to help appease the masses, hence it's near identical structure of BF. That doesn't take away from Rogue's fun.

Rogue tells the story of an Assassin turned Templar, Shay Cormac, while tying in the stories of AC 3, Black Flag, and Unity creating a good bridge between the games. The events that make Shay turn to the 'dark side' are sketchy and ill-conceived at best. They don't make sense with EVERYTHING else in the whole series that defines what an Assassin is, but if you just run with it, it doesn't detract from the story (if you swap any mentions of 'Assassins' and 'Templars', the story is a typical AC story).

The 'brand new' combat system is glitchy, leading to several "WTF" moments while fighting and executing baddies, but those glitches are rare. Rogue excels at one of the things that made me fall in love with Black Flag - Naval combat! It's equal parts AC game as it is "18th-century naval combat simulator" (as explained by another review) and it improves on Black Flag's pirating in nearly every way.

The story is short (you can complete it within hours) but nearly 40 hours later, I'm almost completed with doing ALL the other things available in the world. Check out my playtime - you'll see Rogue is definately the shortest of all the AC games, but it's one of the most fun.

I can't wait for AC: Origins, and after playing all the other AC's (including the handheld titles), I'm really glad I found Rogue on sale for so cheap a few weeks ago - it's a welcome addition to my AC catalog.

tl;dr - get it, it's fun. It's basically a REALLY big expansion pack for AC: Black Flag.
 

LostInTheStatic
402 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2019
Assassin's Creed Rogue ★★★★★★✬☆☆☆ [6.5/10]

Intro

Assassin's Creed Rogue, set during the Seven Years War, feels like Black Flag 2, bringing players more Naval Combat, which most of them liked including me, but eventually it turns out to feel repeatable, like re-getting all those 200 fragments and chests, especially if you just got out of Black Flag and went to Rogue as you should. Though this game as a few key differences, such as the protagonist being an Assassin turning Templar Shay Cormac, which eventually you'll understand why.


PROS:

+ You get to play as a Templar, which changes how the game plays, instead of getting Assassination contracts you have to defend targets from Assassin's, as well as protect yourself from Assassin's (stalkers) lurking in rooftops and hiding in bushes, your Eagle sense helps you finding them, and wearing gas mask to avoid being affected by smoke bombs;
+ Your ship now has puckle guns instead of swivel gun, and oil barrels replacing the exploding barrels;
+ Your ship can now be boarded by Brigs, where you have to defend yourself and then reedem the rewards as you would by boarding an enemy ship;
+ New weapon: Air rifle, which is basically the blowpipe, but you can attach a grenade launcher to use sleep, berserk and shrapnel grenades that cover large areas;
+ When you turn Templar, you won't desync if you kill civilians, instead Bounty Hunters come after you;
+ You can skip Naval Fleet combat;
+ You can skip end game credits;
+ Borderless Windowed mode works ok;
+ Performance plays and runs well;
+ Features Supply Camps raiding;
+ Story wise is enjoyable, as well as the protagonist, even though in the start it didn't seem to be a cool character it turned out to be likeable;
+ Features Portugal, and a well done Lisbon earthquake event;
+ No Multiplayer achievements, or MP at all.


CONS:

- Has a few bugs, but nothing gamebreaking;
- Story is short, most of the game is re-collecting fragments, chests and treasure maps, as well as re-upgrading ship which turns out to be boring and re-used assets from ACIV;
- End up being repetitive;
- Most of the endgame outfits you won't even use them, as you're done with the game, so all those collectibles turn out to just be achievement hunting;
- Some achievements are boring but doable;
- Naval Fleet Missions take a lot of time.


FINAL VERDICT

Worth to play before AC Unity, and to get an understanding of what Achilles went through, as well to fill any story related content.
As any other game, it's better to get it on a sale.
 

Sir Rudy
439 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
I have to say, this game.. is so good. Runs perfectly, great story and.. and... and ship battles <3 It is as immersive as every other AC game in the franchise. You can feel as if you are actually there experiencing Shay Cormack's life. 10/10 would play again.
 

HOT DOG 7
78 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2020
Traitor. 7.5/10
 

fex
304 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2021
As much as I personally love this game it is more akin to a larger dlc for ac4. it has brought in some new functions for the better and I feel it has a superior gameplay to ac4 but its size is not comparable to any of the mainline AC games.
 

VOLTS
132 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
I'll add more as I play more, but initial impressions are:

Graphics on character models, some buildings/ships, are pretty good. Environment, trees, foliage and grass all look like early ps3/360 type stuff and this is maxed at 1440p. That is a bit disapointing because alot of the game is in these environements and hiding in shrubs that look like paper pop ups. Good thing the a good chunk of the game is played in the water as well, which looks great. The icey conditions add something new to the mix.

So far the gameplay is same old same old. Fun if you like it. Parkour still messes up and causes frustration... But that's also same old same old.

First edit: few hours in. Same ol' same ol with the missions. The story is good enough and the environment is pretty varied and is actually growing on me graphically. If you are a big Assassin's creed fan, I recommend, if not, wait until a sale.

Actually, everyone just wait until a sale.


(It runs so much smoother than past games. I have an i5 3570k and amd 290 and 8gb ram with a 1440p monitor. Not one hickup maxed. Although it is behind Black Flag and Unity graphically.)
 

jktmstokes1
277 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2019
Great Story, well done. I dont like the main charackter but the story itself is great! It does alot better where Black Flag failed even it was a good game it had this bad story at the middle to the end, Rogoe dosnt have this problems and no need to grind that much, you can concentrate on the story and enjoy there is not much you could miss when not doing side stuff you wont do. Outside the Animus you get on the other hands lots of informations you can rly easy get and enjoy as extra. And thats the worst part of the game the Outside the Animus story is way to dumb and dosnt make any real sense....i cant say more without using spoilers but let me say this you wont get much information what happens and why its locked and what happens to the guy youre were playing in Black Flag.
 

MiscOne
3,269 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
62.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2021
This game was a slog to get through. And no, I didn't particularly enjoy seeing the Templar side of things. I felt that Shay's turn was too abrupt, with little to no moral conflict on his part. Unsatisfying, at least to me personally.

Also, why does Hope Perhaps I'm being too nitpicky, but it was something that broke my suspension of disbelief.

It's not a terrible game, just my least favorite of the Assassin's Creed series I've played so far.
 

wannabe.darklord
209 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2020
Weirdly enough, this is my favorite AC game in the franchise. To me, it's pretty polished on the PC version as far as graphics go, gameplay is fun and the ship combat is wild. The story I think is interesting, going from an assassin to a Templar, and overall it's pretty dope. Buy it.
 

OctoPenicle
85 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2016
Not a very long game, took me about 16h to complete (would take more if I cared about achievements, 100% and stuff). However, it has a great plot and it's a great game! I've played Black Flag as well and at first was told that it was basically the same game. It sure has a lot of similarities, specially because of the time both games are set. But I really liked this story and think it complements greatly Black Flag.

Now I'm off to play Unity and then Syndicate.
 

PureLogicSpock
860 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
Wonderful game! Gameplay is extremely fun and fighting ships never gets old. I was mainly playing this to say that I beat the games. I think the only game I haven't finished yet is Assassin's Creed Revelations. I'm off to play Origins, then Odyssey, then Valhalla. Great story too!
 

Mysticking32
107 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
Product received for free

First Assassin’s Creed with a templar protagonist.GOOD JOB UBISOFT
 

R3pLaY 周
58 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2017
connects AC4 to AC Unity, worth a play for sure
 

devries6276
150 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2020
Game that captures the naval game play from black flag but also adds some of the "original" land gameplay of Assassins Creed. I found that the balance was quite good. Don't be fooled by my playtime. I have played this game for probably 30-40 hours but in pirated versions (I finally got enough money to buy it on steam). I liked the story as it treats the assassins more critically than for example black flag.
 

Christiandus
56 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2020
Assassin's Creed Rogue is my 6th AC game, (if we don't count the ones I haven't finished yet like AC 1 and Liberation). It is probably my favorite after AC Brotherhood. There's just so many fun things to do, and the game doesn't make you sit through too many tutorials before letting you explore the world. And by god is it an amazing world.

The level/map design has improved drastically from AC IV. It's no longer confusing to navigate, and it encourages you to explore. Apart from that, exploration actually rewards you, it could be a new outfit, some artifacts, blueprints, etc.

I also like the fact that there are more ways of getting metal (which is needed to upgrade your ship) than in AC IV. You could: capture settlements, raid warehouses, or steal from supply caravans. And all these actually give you way more metal than the plantations in AC IV.

Shay is actually a pretty decent character too. Not as good as Edward, but I think he was very relatable, and he did grow as the story progressed.

I have very few issues with the game, but I think that it's a bit disappointing that they didn't really innovate after AC IV. The gameplay is very similar, and while they polished it and improved on it, there was nothing really new.

My other issue with it is that the main quest is really short. It was done in like 6 sequences (for context, AC IV had 13 sequences). This made the story feel rushed. They could have fleshed out Shay's relationship with the assassins and the templars. I wanted to see him interact more with Haytham, Charles Lee and the other Templars.

Overall, a really good game that I will probably replay at some time.
 

friendpatine
278 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2018
Assassin's Creed Rogue is a game i've been curious about for a long time, but only now have actually gotten around to playing. Why was I curious? Well, because of the obvious reason that you get to play as THE ENEMY (muahahahaha?).

You play as Shay Patrick Cormac, an American of Irish extraction who was brought into the Assassin Order by his friend Liam. Now, the adverts for this game talk big about how you get to play as a Templar, but in truth you spend a decent amount of time with Shay during his assassin days - and learn exactly why he left. In much the way that AC Unity blurred the lines by having nice Templars and jackass Assassins, Rogue does this and goes a bit further. The reason Shay leaves the assassins is, quite honestly, entirely reasonable and a decision I too would have made under the same circumstances. Many of Rogue's Assassins are rude, look down on Shay, and then get super-defensive when Shay questions their decisions. All of this culminates in setting the stage for Assassin's Creed 3 - and to a lesser degree Assassin's Creed Unity as well. Despite my mixed feelings about those games, I liked this prequel-thing to those storylines.

The setting for Rogue is the French and Indian War (1754-1763), which was the conflict in the Americas that helped escalate tensions leading to the outbreak of the global Seven Years War (1756-1763). Almost all of your gametime is spent in the Americas, and in particular New York (both the city and the state), and eastern parts of Canada like Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, and a bit of Quebec. As you may expect, you get to see some historical figures: a much younger George Washington, Ben Franklin, James Cook, and so forth. You also meet a number of characters from both Black Flag (Adewale, specifically), and AC3 (Achillies, Haytham Kenway and a number of other Templars). Hooray I suppose.

There are a few new gameplay tools to play with that actually are pretty useful (if not somewhat overpowered). But in truth since Rogue wasn't a "main entry" in the series (only in the sense that it didn't get all the marketing and hype that the "main entries" do), most of the game is actually copy-pasted from another AC game with only minor differences. So the bad news is that if you have played all AC games chronologically (by time they were released) up to this point, Rogue will feel just like an AC game you have already played. The good news is that they chose to lift the gameplay from one of, if not arguably, the best AC games ever made: Black Flag.

That's right. It's time for high seas adventures once again! :D

The change in setting does require some gameplay changes however. The seas of the North Atlantic are much colder than the Caribbean, and so swimming is something to try to avoid if you don't want to freeze to death. Also there are icebergs which you need to shoot to break up or stretches of ice on the surface that you need to break through using your ram that doubles as an icebreaker. Hooray. Lastly, you actually have allies on the sea now as opposed to being a lone pirate preying on anyone unfortunate enough to come within line of sight. There is, after all, a major global war going on. At first, when you are still an Assassin, your allies are French. When that ends, the British become your friends. So while Black Flag had you play as a pirate plundering the seas, in Rogue you act more as a privateer working on behalf of one empire against another.

Even if killing EVERYONE is great fun, it is also nice to have friends nearby when you engage a large enemy fleet - or to be that friend yourself when the French and British are fighting it out randomly in the open world - both at sea and on land.

So Rogue is a fun adventure from a different perspective than usual and the game mechanics of the excellent Black Flag. Aside from usual AC series annoyances like having collectibles everywhere and that modern-day plot I don't actually care about, AC Rogue is a very solid entry in the series. Certainly better than Unity and may very well be better than Revelations as well - which would put this around 4-5th on my "favorite AC games list".

In other words... if you like this series, then play it. It's yums. :D
 

Yureina
1,335 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2021
⢀⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆
⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠁⠸⣼⡿
⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠻⠿⠿⠿⠿⠛⠉

I Shrekommend this game.
 

Chef
381 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
84.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2015
Perhaps the best story in the Assassin's Creed series, especially when comparing it to AC 3 and AC 4. The gameplay is very similar to AC 4, but there's some cool extra's such as an air gun with which you can fire both darts and grenades. Furthermore whilst the setting in River Valley and New York is familiar, the new locations and missions in the North Atlantic bring a new level of epic to the series. The soundtrack is simply stunning, never more so than when entangled in a massive naval battle and it was in general a very nice game to play!
 

[Spartan] Titan
44 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2018
Assassin's Creed Rogue, if one wanted to be mean, could be called an asset flip merged from AC3 and Black Flag, which, to be completely honest, it actually is. Technically is is between the two games, having initially been developed for last gen consoles but it still looks slightly better than AC3. Gameplay wise, it is almost exactly identical to Black Flag save for the air gun and some very minor gameplay changes to naval combat.

If it wasn't so darn short, I would have liked it even more than Black Flag, but alas, it is and the main storyline as well as a good deal of exploration clocks out at 20-30 hours tops. Completionists will have to put in a few more hours due to some quite annoying and grindy achievements, but all things considered, Rogue is extremely fun and has a far better story as well as character development than Black Flag. The real world segments are more interesting as well, although they are conducted in literally the very same map in form of the Abstergo Entertainment offices from Black Flag.

If you liked Black Flag, you'll love this. It also is the only game where you can technically play as a templar, although in the particular case of Shay Patrick Cormac, being a Templar means being an Assassin lackey for the templars, gameplay wise.

All things considered, there's no reason not to give this a go, as it is very enjoyable.
 

Sarkoth
2,215 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2016
"So, I am an Assassin with a grenade launcher, for stealthy reasons... when do I get to be an assassin with a dog as a way to distract guards?"

Following up after AC IV: Black Flag it had a high competition and managed to, at least, not disappoint me.

The story is well written, if you played AC III and AC IV, as well as AC IV: Freedom Call, before you should already be familiar with most of the characters and get a much deeper insight into their backgrounds.

I could not entirely agree with the ways the story went, the characters are all pretty stubborn so no surprises on their decision makings. Overall pretty linear.

The real world part was fun in between, those little puzzles were always good for some change. But why were there 21 Computers of 20 you have to hack?

Overall well made but nothing really new. Most weapons are already known, but work well, and the new weapon, the airrifle with the grenade launcher were a blowpipe and bombs in previous games.

Finished it in about 13 hours with some of the secondary objectives done. Completion rate: 50% at the end of the story.
 

Flawii
1,667 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2015
I have to say i play all of the Assasssin Creed and my fav being the 1st one but man i got to say i really did enjoy this one. They made the story in this one amazing i love the idea of you being a assassin an not you have to turn on your own kind to protect those that cant them self i dont want to say much to spoil it but man the story epic. The game as well looks amazning and it runs perfect i was playing with all max setting in 1080p with no drops an that great as many know the last assassin creed has issue with being stable but in this one it all gone and perfect and i love the entire boat fighting gameplay how you can baord someone elses ship and take it over and loot everything on it. I made a review for this game as well so if you folks would like to hear my opinion on the game check it out.


YouTube™ Video: First look at Assassin’s Creed® Rogue Steam Game 
Views: 888
18th century, North America. Amidst the chaos and violence of the French and Indian War, Shay Patrick Cormac, a fearless young member of the Brotherhood of Assassin’s, undergoes a dark transformation...
 

NIGHT SHADOW
1,588 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2020
I love it. I love that we get to see an another side of this. A side from a templar's perspective.
We need more games like this. So Ubisoft.. GIVE US AN ANOTHER TEMPLAR GAME!!
 

SiKa
125 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2016
If you enjoyed Black flag than this is another assassin creed game to get! Game only has 6 sequence giving you about 7 hours and 30mins of main story time but with all the side mission expect to being playing this for 20+. Control your ship and take over the land!! Different areas *maps* that are pretty huge to explore on both land and sea. Story and graphics are amazing!

Pros
Command your ship
tons of side missions
hunt animals
Graphics
Voice acting

Cons
6 sequence=== Note 11 and 12 like the other series
 

Saint Aaron
2,217 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2017
The naval portion of Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag was an integral part of the game itself. Without sailing about in a pirate ship, exploring all the little islands and villages in the West Indies and boarding and capturing every enemy ship out of sheer malice, you’d just have Assassin’s Creed III but with actual characters. As such, Black Flag’s setting was also tied directly to the core of what the game was. So here’s a fun question: how could you do a quick, cheap reskin of Black Flag in a different setting without making the naval component seem utterly redundant? Ubisoft Sofia has the answer with Assassin’s Creed: Rogue, a project dumped on them by the big boys in Montreal who were busy working on the Assassin’s Creed that the actual effort went into in 2014, Unity. While technically a good way of ensuring you get a metric ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of money from every source possible, the result is a game which has a lot of trouble actually using its engine to the fullest capability. For starters, we’re in the French and Indian War of the late 1750s, mostly in the area surrounding New York. If you’re thinking that pre-revolutionary New York must be a god-awful setting for a Black Flag-style open world, you’d be right, which is why it’s a good thing we’re also given a largely irrelevant section of the North Atlantic to sail around in (seriously, you go here like twice for story missions and that’s it). While colder than the Caribbean sea, the North Atlantic doesn’t offer any incentive to explore unless you really like sheets of ice and walking around the same shipwreck over and over. For the most part the story keeps us in the Hudson River valley, and if that also seems like a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ setting for a Black Flag-style open world, it’s because it is. The valley’s layout means you’ll be spending half your time checking the world map for the correct way through this labyrinthine river to your next objective and the other half trying to turn the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boat around. Yes, Rogue’s open world is much more Grand Theft Auto V than Assassin’s Creed IV, meaning the open world is more to introduce a commute between missions than any form of enhancement.

Awful, shoehorned open world design aside, Rogue puts us once again in the shoes of a modern-day office worker employed at Abstergo Entertainment, who we know as a front for the descendants of the Knights Templar. The game, however, treats this as a big plot twist. Seriously, the twist at the end is that Abstergo is run by Templars, and I don’t feel bad spoiling this because it’s less of a twist and more the concept for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Anyway the Abstergo building is the same one from Black Flag except this time a virus found in the memories of the Irish-American assassin Shay Cormac has corrupted all the servers and the place has been evacuated, probably to save money on ambient voice acting. Naturally we’re mandated by a big angry man and his ‘90s sidekick to keep digging through Shay’s memories to find something (we aren’t told what until the end) and thus we get to the actual game part of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. An angsty, obnoxious man with equally annoying facial hair, Shay spends the early sequences aiding the Assassin-allied French against the British and assassinating some Templars on the side in order to steal the Voynich manuscript (it’s equally indecipherable and useless here as it is in real life). Shay goes about his duties with a bad attitude and some unfunny remarks until an expedition to Portugal accidentally causes the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, practically levelling the city and trivialising the millions of lives historically lost. Shay is naturally furious at his boss for this incident he could have had no way of predicting and turns against the Assassins. Before long he’s picked up by the Templars and their fantastic recruiting department and we’re back to doing exactly the same stuff we were doing before but without a hood. From this point on it’s basically Ubisoft circlejerking over their last few games, with prominent appearances from Haytham Kenway (the only actual character from III), Adéwalé from Black Flag and Achilles, the cranky old guy from III, here seemingly played by Lando from The Empire Strikes Back. If this is enough to get you excited I would suggest suppressing that excitement, because none of these characters do anything significant besides simply appearing. There are also smaller cameos, like that of James Cook (still too long of a cameo), George Washington (REMEMBER HIM FROM III GUYS? REMEMBER) and Benjamin Franklin, who sometimes pops up to massively propel the plot and then disappears again (he accidentally starts the French Revolution in this).

You’ll often hear Rogue cited as the best Assassin’s Creed story, which is partially true. It does some things differently, and it’s nice to see even a minor shift in the good vs. evil narrative that Ubisoft won’t stop spinning. It’s just too bad that without the fan service, Rogue’s story is ‘running in place’ narrative that the franchise keeps doing. We stab a few baddies, the twist is they were our friends all along, and the biggest surprise you’re going to get is how much you’ll be hanging around poisonous gas. Seriously, between the grenade launcher that shoots gas bombs and the whole level where you’re chasing a lady who keeps dropping gas (poetic, I know) you can really tell the developers were starved for something new to put in. There’s a lot to rag on Rogue for, but it did do some fun things. Walking through New York City you’ll sometimes be ambushed by Assassins trying to get the jump on you, either by hiding in haystacks and bushes or just jumping on you from a roof. The gang outposts you can raid throughout the world are fun too, especially when the gang leader is always a highly-trained Assassin who have to first find and then kill. The leaders always have a bunch of different tools that make them actually fun to fight and lend a flavour of difficulty to a game that’s otherwise never challenging on a meaningful level. Rogue is, however, way too conservative with these guys, and once you’ve cleared all the outposts they don’t come back, and neither will any motivation you had to be in New York. In general Rogue really does just fail to take off. It’s essentially a very short, linear game with an open world built around it that doesn’t matter or influence it in any way. Same story, same gameplay, but this time there’s no reason to get invested in any of it.

My review of Assassin's Creed III.
My review of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.
 

Dylan
960 products in account
3
5 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2020
So, I was really looking forward to getting to this one. Because AC: Black Flag is one of my favorite games of all time, and I knew this one was basically the exact same gameplay but in a different setting and story, and it really is.
Because of that, I was surprised that I really didn't enjoy this one as much as Black Flag and I thought for a bit about why that is. I did however, still enjoy the core gameplay loop of going back and forth between pirate naval combat and Assassin's Creed style missions.

Some of the things that bugged me about this game are the same things that bug everyone about every Assassin's Creed game, so no surprises there. But I found it hard to pin down exactly why I enjoyed Black Flag more than this, and I think part of it is the setting and part of it is the scale.
Black Flag is set in the Caribbean which is a gorgeous and very fun setting for a video game. Everything in that game is bright and colorful, and the sea is open and welcoming. This game has the same gameplay but is set in three locations, the North Atlantic, the Hudson River Valley, and 1750s New York.
While these settings do offer a few interesting backdrops and setpieces, and they definitely contrast with the last game, they are definitely not as welcoming or as fun to play in as the Caribbean. They're much more bleak and depressing, and much, much harder to navigate.
Also, they're spread across three separate maps, which I feel is unnecessary. I would have been perfectly happy if they had just picked one location, like the North Atlantic, expanded that map a bit, and set the whole game there. Having the three separate maps and one being solely city based just seems unwieldy.
Also, maybe Black Flag was like this too and I just don't remember it, but I felt this game was super grindy. I burnt through the main story way quicker than I expected because I would start working on grinding for ship upgrades or something to unlock, then realized how much work I would have to put into it, and then just went back to doing main missions to feel like I accomplished something, so before I knew it I'd already burnt through the main storyline.

There's also a couple things that I kinda wish Ubisoft was better at, and wished they had figured out by now, but aren't specific to this game. Things like player housing and tangible rewards for collect-a-thons and fetch quests.

Overall though I'm still recommending this game. For AC lore afficianados this game is a really important one in the overall storyline of Templars vs Assassins. Also, like I said, I just love the core gameplay loop of Assassin stuff being complicated by non-Assassin stuff.
If you're really desperate for more stuff like AC: Black Flag, this will help you out, but between the two games AC: Black Flag is still better in my opinion.
 

mrguy0807
205 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
237.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2019
I consider this the best Assassin's Creed game from a mechanical standpoint. It's basically Assassin's Creed IV but with all the rough edges sanded away. You're also playing as the good guys for once.

Let the Father of Understanding guide you to create a safe and sober world, brother.
 

Machina
310 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2019
Black Flag 2, but not as good.

If you've played Assassin's Creed, especially AC IV Black Flag, you know what you're getting and already know if you'll like it.

But as part of the series, it's missable. There's no standout moments or even an epic finale, while the collectible / side stuff is pointless and safe to ignore.

It's very 6/10. But if you're an AC addict, go nuts.
 

ozzyoscy
214 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
Play it! Runs very smooth, and much more approachable than Unity.

One of the most playable AC games in a while. Very few bugs (haven't hit any yet). What I really like, though, is the main character. I'll come out and say my favorite AC character is Haytham, because he has *conviction*. It's what made Ezio awesome and Connor kind of meh for his lack of it. These characters believe in something and stop at nothing to achieve it, but they also use their brains. Playing a Templar is also a lot of fun, since they tend to be more than the usual two dimensional angry-man characters we get with the Assassins. I hope to see more games like this one, perhaps a bit longer, from Ubisoft in the future!
 

Sidoniss
922 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
A fantastic game, I have a potato computer and I can run this perfectly (on low settings) And I personally think the story is amazing, as a long time Assassin Creed fan I have always wondered what it would be like to see the templar's point of view. I love this game, you may hate me for saying this, but I like this like 0.000001% more than black flag.
Brings the assassins creed formula to a new point of view.
Feels like black flag, But still holds its own, with new features such as the Air Rifle.

For me, I'd give this a 9/10, Little over dramatic and too over the top sometimes. All im gonna say is Lisbon.
 

Bones
500 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Finally can kill civilian dudes. They send bounty hunters after you so you can kill even more dudes. I think we need more Templars Creed games.
Ok, seriously, this is like a swan song for all past-gen AC games we had- and it's truly beautiful. No need to say that it has only the bestest of all previous AC games, and I wont even mention a godlike optimization- I'm pretty sure some Pentium would gladly give it a smooth ride. Well, if you're new to AC series you go away now, this is not for you- but fans just MUST buy this game, worth every penny.
 

Johnny Bravo
689 products in account
7
33 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
47.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2018
Assassin's Creed, if you are going to insist on basically playing yourself, you need to at least try to get it right. I've never been more frustrated with a game taking control away from me to watch it fail. I've lost count of how many times my idiot character just flings his head straight into a tree instead of jumping on the branch that was in front of it. He seriously jumps OVER the thing I want him to land on, only to miss the thing behind it. Because of the nature of the controls, there's nothing I can do to prevent that kind of thing. The game insists on failing at easy things, despite my instructions.

It's a systemic failure, it's written into the game. Your crew surrenders if they reach a certain minimum of people, even if you're rampaging through the enemy at the time, completely turning the tide. If I am hunting, and I stray slightly too close to a warehouse mission, the warehouse mission activates, and if I don't immediately run toward it to do the mission, it empties the warehouse. I just wanted to take a step away to skin a deer, and I failed a mission for it.

Stop holding my hand, Assassin's Creed. You are really bad at giving me this tour. You crafted a gorgeous game with fun mechanics that I was really looking forward to, but you are, for some reason, deliberately steering me into the worst parts of it. This could have been Black Flag 2.

I rarely write bad reviews because I'm generally a positive gamer. But this one here is a real shame. I'd been looking forward to playing it for a year or so. The idea of a Templar perspective to the world is one that really appealled to me, I loved Black Flag's gameplay, and I wanted better from AC3's era and setting. This game would have been all of that. For the first hour or so, I wondered if I might finally be playing my personal favorite Creed game, the one I'd been waiting for. It was that, for an hour or two. But Shay is not Edward. Shay is a colorless bore to the point that he ruins the narrative for me. I can't pay attention to the plot because I dislike Shay's lack of personality so much. It doesn't help that the controls are so stubborn and inadequate; it means that whether I'm watching him in the narrative, or playing as him during gameplay, Shay is an unlikable dunce. That really kills the story.

For me though, narrative takes a definite backseat to immersion, and most Creed games accomplish this pretty well. Black Flag was especially immersive, nothing was better than sailing the open seas, listening to your men sing the latest shanty you'd hunted down, and I was ready for more of the same, but DARNIT Assassin's Creed, what is with the wind squalls? The storms? The 'bergs? The constantly shifting weather means you are never going to hear your men finish a single shanty. You have to deliberately avoid naval battles, which are the reason you bought the game, if you want even a CHANCE of hearing one full shanty, and good luck not catching a wind squall out of nowhere.

It's like Assassin's Creed, for complex psychological reason, is self-sabotaging its games so they aren't too good. Some of these have had a lot of potential, some have approached greatness. But then the game itself goes out of its way to ruin some of your goodwill, and they never quite reach that apex. I've never expected one to be a genre-changing masterpiece, but in general I've liked all the ones I've played, and I'm usually excited for the next.

I may not finish this one, I don't know. Shay was a huge disappointment and I've never played a buggier game in my life. I'm not sure how much longer I can stomach watching the game make decisions for me that I didn't want it to, and killing my character right in front of my eyes for absolutely no reason.

I went into this game excited, fully expecting it to become my favorite Creed. It was for a few hours, and then it started getting so buggy and frustrating that it may, in the end, turn out to be the worst. It isn't necessarily a bad game, it functions and if you can get past Shay the story is probably interesting. But from my point of view, this is one of the most disappointing games I've ever played.
 

zenjestre
322 products in account
2
19 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2015
A good game and far better optmised than unity. It also runs with 60 FPS on highest settings.

I would say : Give it a try :)
 

Wavester
5,117 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2016
Take everything in assassins creed Black flag and add a real story about a man conflited about his life choices.

8/10
 

Birdman
469 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 6
This game works properly in Manjaro Linux.
 

NukeCrayon
13 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2021
Watered down assassin's creed 4 with less grinding and better environments, pretty solid but could easily been dlc
 

Dr.Rabbi
684 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2019
An underrated game, Rogue has a better story than Unity, but sadly, people seem not to take this game serious. Even so, my opinion is that Rogue has one of the best stories in the franchise, though its gameplay and graphics is not really good, just a copy version of Black Flag.
 

Aerochir
768 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
48.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2015
When taking off the rose-tinted glasses of how much this game was a success was from the shadow of Unity (basically, this game actually worked whereas Unity didn't), what we're left with is a game that, though it plays decent, fails in the sense of story. It added many new weapons from its predecessor (Black Flag), though the only one which was actually really *new* was the grenades, and added an admittedly interesting gas mechanic to the game. It also was much more filled and felt significantly less grindy than Black Flag; these were all great improvements to the series from the previous title, but unfortunately, these are the only positive things I can say about this game. What this game made up for in being playable, it lost in a dissapointing lack of charm.

**The remainder of this review contains massive spoilers, referrencing the end of the game**

Either due to false marketing on the community's behalf or on Ubisoft, we're lead to believe that the main character, Shay, is the victim of a massive betrayal and seeks revenge against the brotherhood. This story sounded interesting, and for many of us, it was the first time we'd see the story from a Templar's point of view. Or at least, that's what I expected, but not what I recieved. Shay was never the victim of a betrayal, but rather the victim of a mistake in which no one was guilty. Rather than confront his Mentor about what he witnessed, which would be the logical thing to do, Shay gets unrealistically emotional about the situation and blames everything on his Mentor. He then consciously decides to betray his brotherhood, and is retaliated against accordingly.

What follows isn't a story of revenge against the backstabbing brotherhood, but rather a convoluted scheme to stop a man who ends up listening to his own conscience in the end anyways, rendering Shay's entire mission completely pointless. He decides, for no other reason than one of the British officers was nice to him while he was injured, to help his hated rivals, the Templars, and eventually join their Order and assist the British in winning the Seven Years War.

My biggest complain about this game is that under no point of this game do you ever see the positives in joining the Templar Order. The Templars were never painted as the good guys, rather the game regularly reminds you that they are the bad guys, and the reasons for Shay's complete dedication toward the Order seems to entirely ignore his high moral stance which directed him to betray the Assassins. There never seems to be a point, other than the rosey tone of a single man who dies before Shay even makes the decision to join the Templars, where I (the player) feel like I should actually want to be a Templar.

As if the feeling of "why on Earth am I killing the good guys?" wasn't enough to make the game feel horrible, the ending seals this game as completely unnecessary and makes no sense. I'm not referring to the mission in Versailles (though the mission itself feels like an unnecessary and shoe-horned-in shameless advertisement for Unity), but rather the Naval Missions. I was quite confused while trying to complete the Naval Missions (which must be completed if you are to unlock much of the best stuff in the game) in that they no longer let you complete them until you "progress further into the story." This was right before the last mission of the game.

In case that wasn't clear, let me restate this: The final 5 Naval Missions, which are required for completion and for unlocking some of the best gear in the game, doesn't get unlocked until you've COMPLETED the game. Why? Were the developers afriad that I'd be cheating with Altïar's Swords on a mission which doesn't even let you use anything other than your Hidden Blades? Why was this required? So that people would be forced to play hours more of the game after they already completed the story? Who thought this was a good idea??

Overall, I think the game is fine. I never felt like I was doing the right thing, but so what? Plenty of games let you play as the bad guy (though they usually leave out the high sense of morality that constantly reminds you that what you did was morally sketchy and highlights that you're actually the bad guy in this game). The Naval Missions is a cheap and pathetic move on the fault of the developers, but hey, **at least the game plays on PC, Montreal!!**. But would I recommend it, though? No. It doesn't add much from Black Flag, and unlike this game, Black Flag had characters I actually could **care** about. I couldn't have cared less if the characters died; the fact that two of them were Haythem Kenway and Achilles Davenport defeated the possibility of that happening anyways. Comparing that to Black Flag, or more accurately Black Beard, it was geniunely disastrous watching Edward Thatch die. We had actually come to care about him and his death was genuinely devastating. In AC: Rogue, however, none of the characters invoke that amount of compassion. None of the characters seemed to have any real life. When they died, it was difficult to really think anything of it.

This game is fine, but you'd be better off playing Black Flag.
 

Couillon
100 products in account
10
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2017
Such an underestimated and underrated game!

Launched at the same time as Unity and completely swamped by its marketing, you'd think it wouldn't be very good as you might have missed that it was actually launched. Its a mix of AC3 and Black Flag with a story from Team Templar POV. IMO its one of the best AC games.

Its a pity Ubisoft didn't launch it for 'Next Gen' consoles as well. A lot of people will be missing out.

Well worth the money!
 

chinacross76
216 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2019
Assassin’s Creed® Rogue takes a different approach to the Assassins vs Templars feud.

+ Story is very good. It's different and darker than the previous titles.
+ Character development for Shay is well made.
+ Characters are well made too.
+ Mechanics work for the most part very well.

- A few bugs here and there.
- Naval combat took a step down from Black Flag in my opinion.
- The story is WAY TOO SHORT. I played just the story, and upgraded my ship for like an hour, and it took me like 8 hours to complete.

The game had potential to be even better. It was still a fun experience and a breath of fresh air.

8/10. Could have been even better if the story was expanded even more.
 

Vippe
129 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2017
Great game.
Tbh I thought this game was gonna be really bad when I started it.
I didn't like the way Shay looked. Kind of weird at the start of the game.
But the story gets really good real fast. Great game Ubisoft!
Wish they made more AC's with boats like AC 4 and AC Rogue.
 

Ronnie Rooney
213 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2015
I thought this would just be another Assassin's Creed game, but I was wrong, the story is so captivating, and fun to play, other AC games were slow to start off, this game threw you instantly in the action. Big points for Ubisoft on this one. Very well done!
 

ParanoidGlitch93
71 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 14
So you must be looking into the comment section to find out whether I should buy this game or not.
My answer is, yes, you absolutely should. I bought this game and played it as a first time Assassin's Creed experience, and I would say it delivered it pretty solid.
Gameplay is awesome. The combat is enjoyable, not all realistic, but believable. It involved sword fighting, gun totting and basic stealth. The game gives you an air rifle, which is a major part of gameplay. Other than that, the game gives you ton of things to do, collectibles such as chests and fragments and treasure. Quests are innovation and interception. In fact, I think the side quests in this game are much better than the main story.
The main story is about Shay Cormac, the unfortunate Assassin who fell in the wrong side of the story. The story will explained how the Assassins brotherhood undermined themselves and how will Shay makes his amend. Personally, the story is pretty unconvincing, and Shay Cormac is not a very emotional lad, which makes us disconnect from his "betrayal". The setting is British seven year war, but it doesn't really connect to the main story, only serving it as a back ground.
Graphically speaking, Ubisoft did it successfully. It has a PS3 looking to it, and PS3's graphic is acceptable in any gaming book. The figurine building by Ubisoft resembles was statues from any museum, most notably from the movie "Night at the Museum", so I feel like playing a game with a cinematic museum vibes, which is really awesome for me.
The music is epic, given that music production in this game wasn't given such an elaborate budget like that of Assassin's Creed III Remastered or Assassin's Creed Odyssey. Kudos to Elitsa Alexandrova. My favorite are the main menu theme and the "David and Goliath" track.
Should you buy the Deluxe edition? Yes, the deluxe edition included all the add ons(resources, technologies, quests) that makes Rogue such an intriguing game in the first place.
The game should gives you 50 - 70 hours of gameplay, if you insist on doing everything(like me).
Overall, it's not the best game of the franchise, but you should really start with this one.
 

bloodrosexr
188 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2017
Black flag, but shorter, less story, and no pirates. 5% bugs, and undeveloped characters, 95% pointless collectibles and teasers for AC: Unity.
 

Dumblydore
360 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 19
One of the best ASSASSINS'S CREED game.





 

JankoDaTapo
32 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2015
A sequel to AC3 and AC4 and a prequel to Unity, Rogue takes the Black Flag high seas adventure and gameplay style and runs with it, streamlining almost all problems out and adding some new elements to the AC series. If you were bored towards the end of BF and wonder if starting what is essentially BF2 will keep you interested, wonder no more as it should suffice. This is no DLC or add on, it is a fully fledged AC game with at least 40 hours of gameplay. There are two giant open sea maps to explore and an update to AC3's New York area. There's dozens and dozens of small coastal towns, green foresty areas with hunting challenges (all pretty easy unfortunately) ice fields, ice bergs, forts to conquer, whaling from BF is back, no underwater areas this time though, or at least that i've seen so far. The voice acting is top notch, apart from the hilariously bad performance of your first mate. The guy sounds like he's taking the piss. The fact that the game is a port of the 360/ps3 version and not a port of a xbox1 game like BF was, means that certain graphical elements are left out. It still looks great though for the most part, though no where near what Unity represented graphically. Highly recommended AC game. 9/10
 

Skylers Meth
482 products in account
2
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2019
I am a huge Assassins Creed fan and that being said in my opinion story wise this in the worst in the series. But it has a fun open world and gameplay and its worth a playthrough i believe.
 

Ryan The Stank
166 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2017
The only Assassin's creed where you can kill peasents without any problems !
 

Aergia
101 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
289.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2016
A lot of online reviews said this game was so-so. I would have to disagree. It's seriously one of my favorite of the series. If you liked Black Flag you'll LOVE Rogue!
 

AngularMonkey73
88 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2017
This was really good, you finally get to play as Templar, and expirience the universe from the other side.
In previous games you may have gotten the impression the assassins were the good guys and the templars the bad guys, this game blurres the lines, are the templars really bad? are the assassins really good? Is there even such a thing as good vs. evil?
Gameplay wize it's allot like black flag.
 

Gameplay Crush
997 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2021
People tend to view Templars as bad guys who want to control the human civilization and Assassins are the hero who fight for freedom. This is a good game to experience the view and ideals of Templars and change your perception against both order. Definitely worth it if you understood the whole timeline of Assassin's Creed.
 

Paul Allen
38 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2015
TL;DR: Main story is short and predictable, but it is definitely worth the buy.

Only 2 hours in, and this game is great. The mechanics are very similar to Assassin's Creed IV, and it plays well on my build, maintaining 60 fps on ultra.

Do yourself a favor. Buy and play AC III and AC IV, then buy this game instead of AC: Unity.
8/10 would turn templar again.

Edit: 12 hours in. Game is still great.

9/10 would continue to templar further.

Edit 2: Okay, I have finally finished the game. The concept is very interesting. It lets you see the side of the AC universe from the Templars view. The ending is very preditable and let climactic than the other AC games, but overall it was a good experience. I'm glad I picked this game up, and I will continue to open all the chests and fragments until I get to 100%.

One thing that did bother be about this game was the weapon variety. The airgun is cool, as it comes with darts and grenade, both with different kinds that you can load into your weapon. However, the darts are a simple one person shot, while grenades are an AOE kind of shot. It was kind of sad to see that this huge potential of a new weapon was short-cut with an AOE and single target option, but it still was fun to experiment with it.

Despite the game's main story being fairly short, it was still extremely fun and it held my attention. Overall, this game is a 8/10, would turn templar and collect the metric ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of collectables again.
 

the good egg
480 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2021
Assassin's Creed Rogue is not like your typical Assassin's Creed game, and that is why I love this game. The fact that you start off as an assassin, then transition into a templar is an interesting concept, and one that I personally enjoyed. I loved how it allows the player to witness the other side of the battle between Assassins and Templars. Also the fact that there are returning characters pleased me a lot. I enjoy the story and history behind this game and the likeable characters only make this game better.
Assassin's Creed has to be my favourite franchise that exists mainly for the historical aspects implemented into the game. I personally am fond of history (especially European history) so the fact that a majority of the franchise takes place in Europe only pleases me more. Highly recommend not only this game, but the entire franchise to those who have not played/seen it before!
 

Itsjust_Cam
41 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
125.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2021
Originally posted by Shay Patrick Cormac:
"Uphold the principles of our Order, and all for that for which we stand. Never share our secrets nor divulge the true nature of our work. Do so until death – whatever the cost. This is my new creed. I am Shay Patrick Cormac. Templar of the Colonial... of the American Rite. I am an older man now, and perhaps wiser. A war and a revolution have ended, and another is about to begin. May the Father of Understanding guide us all"

~ Shay Cormac, declaring his allegiance to the Templar Order. Hail to The Master Templar...
 

Hannibal Barca AW
48 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2018
If you have played assassins creed black flag and you want more this game is absolutely perfect for you. You become the templar for once. i do not like the fact that they justify your cuase so you are actually the good guys and the assassins are actually abd without realising it in these times. I would of perefered a different outlook from the Templar's side. However it is unparamount to how much fun you get becuase it feels like this game is just there for nostalgia from black flag and pure fun. It is however Very short and can be finished 3 times in a week for Casual gamers. So try and catch it on sale if you realy want more assassins creed and/or more ac black flag. Otherwise i do recomend it overall since it ties alot of plot holes of the series.
 

Caevon
303 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Runs smooth even for older laptops, what you see is what you get, classic AC game. fun, interesting story.
 

Bran95
288 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
Storywise, it is the best game of the series, and the gameplay is good. Unfortunately it is ignored because it`s a last gen game.
 

ZathuraVentura
228 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
79.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2016
This game is awesome, a fresh storyline being it's biggest strength. The naval combat is awesome, and the litttle improvements over AC4 like new weapons or naval clashes are awesome as well. The more diverse world with an arctic and a river islands map adds an extra dimension to the sailing. All in all I think this game is a big success!
 

Velocilobster
39 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
181.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2017
Yeah so it's a fun game. But I've run through it twice now and I have a major complaint. The story line is way too short and if you just do that you miss 50% of the content, which is what I did the first time through. The second time through I spent more time on side missions and extra story lines and still managed to end the game only finishing ~75% of the content. Which brings me to my gripe: the ending, which is not very epic IMO, signals the end of the game. That's it. No continuation if you feel like going back and finishing side quests and such, it's just over. So if you want to see how some of those things end, you have to start all over. Well I've played through twice and it was a good investment with plenty of entertainment so money well spent. But I won't be playing it again as it is a bit too much like grinding to finish the quests with a lot of repetition. How many different cool ways are there to kill the enemy before it gets old? I'd say about 537 which is an easy number to reach in this game. And the ship gets way too powerful in the end for any enemy to offer any real resistance so it just becomes a game of dropping a mortar on anyone you want disabled and using the puckle gun to finish them off instead of all that tedious boarding action. I don't care how many upgrades and guns you put on a frigate, a man o' war gonna drop yo ass if you dumb enough to tangle with one. Not in this game. At least make it challenging. Shae's upgrades are a waste of time, or at least not important enough to try and find all the animals you need to make the upgrades. The first time through I forgot all about them because his defaults were sufficient to do whatever I needed to do. I did upgrade his weapons and armor but again, once you've done that to the max (without quest weapons) you don't need to do anything else and you'll be fine. The accuracy rating on the pistols doesn't mean anything and I can do a head shot at max range with any of them, even the default pistols. The only significant difference I found upgrading my weapons was with my sword. And once you've upgraded your sword 3-4 levels the killing becomes ridiculously easy. And what happened to the Abstergo story line? It just disappears at the end. Anyway, good game, and worth the money if you like this franchise.
 

Sgt_Dogmeat
191 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2017
Not a bad game to pick up on sale if you enjoyed Black Flag and want something that is more of the same with a few tweaks, the story was alright but didn't feel as special as some other AC games, especially Black Flag, by the time I was done I felt as sick of "I make my own luck." as I was of "arrow in the knee" and "stole your sweetroll" in Skyrim.

In terms of game balance as it was in Black Flag so it is in Rogue, the various poison darts can completely dominate the majority of challenges the game puts in your path. Berserk darts allow for methodical zero combat clearing of ridiculous numbers of enemies, and this time you're limited to two pistols. Speaking of pistols, to get what seemed to be some of the better pistols in the game you have to collect all of an item in the real world / abstergo portions of the game, but these can only be accessed towards the very end of the story, rendering them a little pointless.

Similarly the better swords are locked behind the naval campaign which is a slow steady plod of waiting half an hour then starting the next mission then waiting slightly longer to start the next etc and ultimately is pretty unrewarding since the primary rewards are money. Money is absolutely no issue in this game once you pass the point where you access the bank and renovations, in fact I wasted money deliberately by buying the vast majority of the animal items I needed for crafting and still never felt a lack of it, meanwhile I was scrounging for basic materials for ship upgrades and wishing I could just buy them to diminish my ridiculous fortune of tens of thousands of british pounds in the 1700s, likely equating to millions in modern terms.

The ending felt a bit rushed, we get the final abstergo sequence, a short story ending which is a bit dull and pedestrian by the standards of the rest of the game, and then credits roll (and roll, and roll, and roll if you let them, lot of people worked on this game) before you're dumped back on a dock to freeroam and finish collecting things for achievements if you so wish.

Overall it is good, but not great.
 

Fyndir
750 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2019
A perfect sequel to Black Flag, AC: Rogue builds on the colonial Assassin experience. I found the activities to be more diverse, and resource acquisition to be much better than the previous game. Don't like ship combat? Raid a settlement and get more resources than you'll know how to use.

The story is quite good, I would have like a little more background on Shay Cormack before he joined the assassins. Some Templar characters seemed under-utilized. Would have appreciated more pure free-running missions, they're quite fun.

As with most AC games there are occasional bugs, and the whole "Abstergo running around hacking" bits are tedious and completely unneeded in a game that should be about espionage and intrigue. Oh, and the naval fleet stuff is still pointlessly shoe-horned in, and uPlay sucks ass.

Overall I think it's an 8/10 for me, even after completing the main story there was a lot of unexplored content and collectables that I think I'll go back for eventually.
 

Kane
352 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2017
Assasins Creed is an action-adventure game that was released in 2014, and is the follow up to Black Flag. People are known to slate the game for its similiarities with Black Flag, but I honestly believe that the combat and naval mechanics in Black Flag were too good to throw away. I did indeed play Black Flag and loved it, and despite the mechanics being very similar to Rogue I still loved it to bits and there was no part in the game where it felt boring.

The graphics for Assassins Creed Rogue are of an A rated standard, but there are a few issues that I came across. As with Black Flag 2560x1080 was not supported despite being in the options, so I had to install a quick fix to begin playing the game, but apart from that I experienced no crashes whatsoever whilst playing this game. The only graphical issue that I had with this game was the lack of anti-aliasing that this game had. In Black Flag you had a selection of anti-aliasing options to choose from to smoothen out those jagged edges, but you only have the option to enable FXAA, which leaves rather noticeable jagged edges on objects such as rope and fences, but this isn't too noticeable on characters and will not effect your experience to a high degree. The game runs smoothly however and no stutters or lag spikes were detected.

Now time to talk about the good 'n' juicy bits of the game. New combat mechanics were implemented such as new ship upgrades and customization options which weren't featured in Black Flag. You can have a nostalgic trip by purchasing some of the iconic ship customizations that were available in Black Flag, but other than that all of the customization options are unique, and they haven't just dumped old content into this lovely game. New naval mechanics have been added such as the ability to leave oil trails in the ocean and set fire to them to roast your enemies (Water+Oil=Fire?) and the pucker cannon can now be freely aimed, allowing you to take out poor old icebergs and take out drunken pirates who try to oppose you.

Enemy ships can now ram into you, and begin to board your boat, so you get a taste of your own medicine in a sense, as you will be forced to defend yourself.

You are also not able to go to the harbour master and reset your wanted rating like you were able to in Black Flag, so the only way to escape those blasted pirate hunters is by hit and running.

Some new weapons have been added to the game such as the shrapnel, beszerk and sleep grenades, which gives you a larger variety of ways to take out your enemies.

For those players out there who are into helping out lil' NPCs then you can now renovate buildings all around the world to let pirates have fun and commit debauchery.

The world itself is of huge scale so theres plenty of ocean for you to trek around in whilst singing shanties, but I felt that the world was rather monotonous, and besides the naval combat there wasn't really much purpose landing the anchor and exploring the world, unless you were interested in crafting. The world is beautifully designed, but the lack of interactiveness around the world and side quests meant that the only compelling part of the game was the story.

The story completely made this game for me, as it allows you to have a perspective from the Templars side, and their understanding on the world. The story was exhilarating to play through and the compelling protagonist made the game a delightful experience to play through. The Abstergo plot was also interesting and gives you a better insight on the Assassins Creed lore.

This is the second game in the AC series that I have played through and I will most certainly be playing through the next game in the series. Ubisoft definitely know how to produce a game and I respect them for putting time and effort into their games and producing content that their fans want to see, which is rare for game developers to do these days.
 

Charlie Fi5hykins
167 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2019
The most underrated AC game to date. Try it.
 

Adrian
392 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2018
>Finally get to play as the good guys
>Short and kind of rushed campaign though
>But you can pet dogs and feed chickens

Honestly 9/10
 

xXx_M1LF_M4N_xXx
266 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2017
This is an amazing game, in my honest opinion. Out of ignorance, I said some pretty harsh things about the game when it was first announced. But I really shouldn't have. This is going into my top 5 favorite AC games of all time, believe it or not. This was the underdog game this year, but Ubisoft has shown us that the Templars aren't truly the "bad" guys; neither are the Assassins, which makes for an amazing, heart wrenching story.

This is quite possibly the best AC storyline since AC2. Shay Patrick Cormac is such an awesome, badass, realistic protagonist. Definitely one of my favorites.

This truly is a beautiful game.﻿ 12/10
 

LachDanan
120 products in account
2
12 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
Awesome game. Love the see it through the eyes of a templar aspect. Also it mixes elements from AC3 and Black Flag which is neat. I'm only roughly 1/3 of the way done though but I'm already loving the game. I've only noticed two bugs and experienced no crashes. Bug 1 was a dead body flew 2 stories into the air and crash landed. The second is a deck hand glitched off the ship during a battle and fell into the water and died lol. *Spoiler* I like the going Rogue aspect in this one but I side with the assassin's in all the games. This one though I lean twords the templars. Not because of the point of view. but because the Assassin's in this game kinda act like jackasses.
 

Bunyan
351 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2016
Better than unity
 

Ël Koell
115 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2017
Great game, Lags a bit during cutsenes but I manage to handle it. The graphics are smooth, yet alone this is an old game. Great game for assassins creed fans who are looking for something new. Also great for newbies to the franchise, the game mechnics are simple. easy to handle. This is my opinion, but if you prefer to play this with a ps4 controller you can. just start in big picture mode and the buttons are as the same as the ps3 and ps4. only a few are changed. you can also change the controller button layout if you want. Overrall I give this Game a 8/10.
 

Txoxion7
8 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 9, 2015
A noice mixture of AC III and Black Flag with their snowy and lawny landscapes, naval battles and stuff. That's what I was missing in Unity.
Also, you can scare penguins in this game.
10 scared penguins out of 10.
 

napaceHbIK
63 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2020
Let's cut through all the crap: I recommend this game CONDITIONALLY. Assassin's Creed: Rogue brings some BIG differences... and yet, I have to give it a a conditional recommend because it also does many of the same old things too... and poorly.

I'll try to be brief:

Story: Actually, a really great idea. You play as Shay Cormac, a member of the Assassin Brotherhood, (the 'heroes' from all the games up to this point), who, through a series of circumstances, turns against the Brotherhood and joins their nemesis organization, the Templars.

This was actually the best part of the game, though the execution was... so-so. If you're a fan of the series, pick up the game on sale and you'll have a good time. If you haven't played any Assassin's Creed games, this isn't the one to start on.

Last note on story: going with the theme of the game, there needed to be a lot more time between Shay and the Assassin's doing relationship building... slow moments where you weren't using parkour to do some fetch quest. The main Assassin's are all neat characters, and to make this game really shine, Ubisoft should have given Shay even more time with them and deeper personal connections. As it is, it's good, but it could have been GREAT.

As far as the story, the game falls a bit flat in comparison to Black Flag, because there's so much less for Shay to invest into. The choice to join the Templars is well-justified, but that also is where the writers decided to simply stop evolving his character. This is in a huge comparison to Black Flag, where the lead hero, Edward Kenway, needs a whole lot of time, convincing, and personal tragedy to finally join the Assassins.

Gameplay - This is the same gameplay from Assassin's Creed III and IV. If you liked those, you'll like this. My complaint? The map design and collectibles!!!

The maps are absolutely terrible, specifically for North America and the River Area. It's seriously just pit stops every few meters with another collectible dump.

Which brings me to my second big gameplay grievance: the collectible dumps. This game needed more actual game, not more crap on a map to find. I swear to God, this should be called Assassin's Creed: Scavenger Hunt!!!

Final Thoughts - Despite everything, I only spent about six bucks on the game, which I feel is the right price. Shay gets the best outfits I've seen in the Assassin's Creed games, a very unique story plot, and is actually a compelling character, The game is hampered by slapping a few maps together and throwing collectibles around to call it 'gameplay'. The main quest line is pretty good, but needed a lot more growth time for Shay and the other characters to really solidify his journey as a character.

If you enjoy the AC games, pick this up on sale. It's not bad, but it's also far from being great. For casual gamers, this isn't a bad one to pick up on a really good sale, because Shay's journey really brings into question how we view both the Assassin's and the Templars, the two main factions in the series. Just calling into question the ideals and methods of these two factions and seeing how it plays out made the juice worth the squeeze.
 

Zenogais176
245 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
Assassin's Creed: Rogue, released in 2014, is a game published by Ubisoft and developed by Ubisoft Sofia. Rogue is a fictional and historical third person action-adventure game set a year after Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. Rogue is set in the French and Indian War of 1754-1763 that consists of the French Army, Native American Army, and British Army. The two main factions in the game are the Templar Order and the Assassin Brotherhood. The game is seen through the perspective of the Templar Order and played through Shay. You, the player, play as Shay Patrick Cormac, a tough and confident Assassin and Templar. The game is a very solid game that has a good story, a very strong set of side missions and excellent technical performance.

Rogue has a good story. It takes you through the period in-between Assassin's Creed III through Achilles and Haytham Kenway and Black Flag through Adewale. It's your typical AC story. Whoever you may be you are to find the Pieces of Eden with shocking outcomes based off those artifacts. Shay, who mainly plays alongside Haytham in the later stages of the game, is in a race essentially against the Brotherhood. The missions are fun. The graphics spice up the atmosphere of certain missions while the naval combat enhances the game because there are missions in the ocean, allowing the game to have a nice balance with land and sea missions. I completed the game in 19 hours and 45 minutes so I would assume I completed the main story within 15 hours. I will note players can probably get at least 40 hours of the game. But, I would say the campaign was rushed in certain parts notably the ending. The ending was solid but not better because the story overall was limited. The game concluded stories including the story of Hope and Shay but it could not complete other stories such as Achilles because the game was set before Assassin's Creed III. The final cutscene was interesting but again it did not close the story with Shay particularly, it just left it open to interpretation, which I felt was not the right ending.

The side missions were excellent because the side missions actually added to the game. There are a boat-load full of content in the game, which is great too. But, tons of current games feature side missions that are filler to add playability to the game. However in Rogue, the side missions add further to the background of the series and have other stories that cover situations within Abstergo Industries among other missions. For instance, you, the unspecified player working in the Animus in the game, have to fix the cores of the computers with a mini-game and once completed you garner a nice and simple video that discusses things within the company such as events that had occured. The stories for example are nothing extreme though they do add some context to the company's operations or the first civilisation, and so forth. As for my experience, I completed 52% of the game, which is the main story and some other content. I do not find the incentive to play more of the game because the main story is finished, that is the only reason. If the main story was not finished I would have played through most to all of the content in the game.

The technical performance is extremely stable and smooth in Rogue. In comparison to ACIII that was released two years prior, this exceeds the performance of that game in every aspect. I achieved a constant 55-60FPS throughout the game whereas in modern times I achieved a stable 30-45FPS. In ACIII I was on a 45-60FPS for the majority of the game and 15-25FPS for modern day. I praise the developers for successfully optimising this game as this was a port from Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.

The game featured good new characters in Rogue but also characters that you come to expect from Black Flag and III. Shay is a great character with his mannerisms and his brilliant voice acting. Shay's dialogue is strong because he is very confident in his actions, particularly his saying of 'I make my own luck'. His voice acting meets the different circumstances in the game. For instance, if he was bleeding from the stomach and he had dialogue you could tell the difference as he would struggle to speak. If Shay was angry you could tell in his deeper voice tones. This was something that lacked in ACIII as many characters in that game had a a lack of variety in voice tones. The other new Rogue characters are good. Hope is a standout with her elegant personality and her viciousness in action.

The only negatives I encompassed with the game were minor. A notable glitch was the sound. Frequently throughout the game there would be a double sound for animations such as in the sword fighting. Secondly, accessing the naval campaign was annoying because there was no simple entry into it like in previous games with their variations. The naval campaign is contract based, equal event to brotherhood missions in previous games. Again though, nothing major but a slight annoyance. There were other very minor bugs but are not big enough to list them as I noticed them maybe twice.

Overall, AC: Rogue is a good game. It was not a good game but it was not average. The story in Rogue was good but had an abrupt ending. The side missions in Rogue were awesome and added a lot of context to the background storylines of the series. The technical optimisation is a hit as the game was smooth and stable throughout. The characters were really good adding a vast mix of personalities from previous games and a line of new characters. I would recommend this game. At $32.95 I would recommend a full purchase because it really is a nice game that has not many issues at all. I would not recommend the Digital Deluxe Edition at full price but if on sale I would recommend. 7.5/10

Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwog's Analysis (Reviews). http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviews

If you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating.
 

Antwog
279 products in account
7
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2016
Too similar to Black Flag and AC3: i don't talk about the idea of being some kind of pirate, i mean the structure of the missions. For me it's also too easy.. but apart that, this games has the same graphic engine of Black Flag but it's so well optimized that the game will ask for less resources and have better graphics.. Some glitches here and there.. but the ship fights are always gorgeous and.. am i the only one who already liked the Templars? :) Anyway, not regretted taking it even for a second!
 

Avant-Garde Lilith
449 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
I have been a fan of the series since the first game, but once I completed blag flag I was fed up with it. Until I played Rogue this year. This is an amazing game, it's masterfully designed, it keeps you interested and wanting to play more. The gameplay is varied, the story is engaging. But I would say this: the game is much more interesting if you are invested in the AC universe because it connects to other games in the series in an interesting way.

If you haven't played this game in the AC series and are interested in the time period this is a MUST BUY and MUST PLAY. The graphics may be dated, but the superb gameplay makes this a hidden masterpiece.
 

Jurrien
135 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
171.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 9, 2018
Wow. if this a remaster from an older version then what a winner. This is truely an amazing Game, let me put it this way, It has Action, adventure, Suspense ,Intrigue, Espionage, War,- battles on ships, land. Exploring. Visually beautiful. Fun to play. and when you think you've finished then another whole world of play begins. Do I recomend it yes yes yes. From Witcher 3 Wild Hunt I would never have believed there is a game as good better in some ways as it has a different game play. Then to Assasins Creed Origins wow that game is amazing now we have The Remastered AC Rogue, this is a must have.
Give yourself time to learn and explore and after 25 hours or so you will be hooked.
I'm not going give away any spoilers but this game has everything and will blow your mind at times with the things you will discover.
I never ever had one crash.
The best game and I love playing it.
 

Jaunitta 🌸
231 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2015
It's ironic how Unity was promoted as the big next-gen game while Rogue was underplayed as AC 4.5 for current-gen. As we've seen in the past few months, Unity has flopped horrendously while Rogue has stood out as a worthy successor to the AC franchise. Sadly, much of this is mostly because Rogue is simply NOT Unity.

The fact of the matter is that Rogue WORKS. The game is pretty much an extension of Black Flag. It doesn't change much, if anything, but that isn't a bad thing. Black Flag was exciting. Great soundtrack, fast-paced combat, huge world and naval exploration. Rogue has a somewhat smaller scale, but has more areas in New York, the North Atlantic and North America. But it has the same charm and the same feel. Perhaps it could've used its setting more effectively - lots of locations aren't used and New York is mostly a backdrop to several story missions, while Black Flag took you everywhere. But it's still better than Unity.

The story works well too. Ubisoft seems to be trying very hard to make memorable characters like Ezio but in the span of only one game compared to the AC2 trilogy. Shay Cormac is a relatable character - not as epic as Ezio, but within the constraints of only one game, Shay's story comes across very nicely. Sure, it's a token rogue story, but Shay pulls it off really well, going through the moral conflict, becoming jaded with the Assassins and becoming an integral part of the Templars.

Perhaps the most underrated part of Rogue is how it connects the AC universe together. It brings back Black Flag and Freedom Cry through its heritage of older characters. It serves as the prequel to ACIII, with references to George Washington, Haytham Kenway and the fall of Achilles. And, as an extra bonus, it links into the events of Unity. If anything, Rogue stands out by making the other AC games better. The supporting ensemble complement Shay nicely, making the cinematic experience more enjoyable than Arno's attempts in Unity.

The modern-day story is also very well developed. You are once again an Abstergo Entertainment employee, but this time under the control of the Templars directly. It introduces new supporting characters and a whole new aspect of the modern story while retaining the familiar setting from Black Flag, It really does play out as a sequel to Black Flag, and is executed far more fluidly than Unity's excuse for a modern story. In fact, it seems that Unity was made by Abstergo rather than Ubisoft as a ploy to make Assassin-based games utter crap while making Templars games really good.

And that would make a good plot twist.

Ultimately, Rogue stays true to a working formula. There are elements that don't make a lot of sense, but we've come to expect that from open-world games and the series. The story is satisfying, the gameplay is sweet and the soundtrack is epic. Surely, there can be no greater nostalgia trip than when you open the menu and hear Ezio's and Connor's themes mashed together. Rogue respects the series and in turn forms a deep bond with everything that came before it. Perhaps it is a greater unifier than Unity.
 

nusensei
488 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 12
The main character has a really cool name. LOL!
 

SAOyeah
378 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
5.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2021
Assassins Creed Odyssey is garbage
 

Peter File
220 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
Must-have if you like Black Flag
 

Given
55 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2018
Really good game, one of the better Assassin's Creed games.
 

JP
93 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
66.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 14, 2016
Really really liked it :) Had as much fun as when played with Altair and Ezio. Though enemy ships are not there as much as in black flag. The game is highly recommended!!!
 

Virus Death
60 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2020
Feels like a slightly shallower version of black flag.

If you hate tutorials, this game is for you. Basically takes all of black flags mechanics and glosses over them in about 10 minutes, then you're off to do whatever you please, main story, explore, adventure.

Nice seeing some old faces from AC:3 and AC:4.
Well worth playing if you're an AC fan. (Great to grab on sale)
 

Phish
1,230 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2019
This one is the least obnoxious Assassin's Creed game: the naval battles are great, the sea shanties are cool, killing assassins feels good, both ship and character customizations are pleasant (something uncommon to the series), and the icy waters of the North Atlantic Ocean are gorgeous. If you're interest on corsair action and outmaneuvering other assassins in their own game, go for it.
 

Bunny
312 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2020
Honestly I rushed through this one, I just did story mission after story mission.
I didn't bother collecting anything because I just did a bunch of collecting in AC IV and this game is effectively the same as AC IV but worse everything apart from the gameplay.

The story is a cool idea as you get a new prospective on the Assassins. You can understand why the Assassins must be stopped in this entry. I also like how at the end of the game this game has links to AC Unity.
AC III, AC IV and AC Rogue are like the Ezio trilogy in that all 3 of these games are linked strongly. AC III is set after Rogue but it's best to play the games in release order.

In the game someone says that Assassins used to be about Peace but now only Freedom. Templars want peace through Order/Control as we know. All of these ideas can be dangerous which is why the Assassins Creed universe is so interesting.

I recommend the game but it's not a strong recommendation, a 6/10 I would say, but that could mostly be from burn out after playing the last 5/6 games back to back.
 

Gabriel----
212 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
If you liked Black Flag, you'll like this one. Basically the exact same gameplay, but with a new world, characters, storyline, and freezing water.

The world is broken up into different smaller sections you have to load in to, instead of being one big map. I haven't come across any storms (tornadoes, rogue waves, etc) so I don't know if they exist (one of the things I loved about Black Flag). Blowing up ice bergs in battle is neat as it causes a small wave that damages smaller ships. The story feels like it is lacking a little bit right now, it's not really explaining much of anything. Hopefully that picks up. Combat mechanics are fluid and ship battles are still epic even without the storms (again I don't know if they exist or not). By the way, you can pick up bodies and toss them in the bushes which is a big plus.

I do feel that it doesn't quite live up to the epicness of Black Flag like I had hoped, but fun nonetheless. It is pretty much a gigantic expansion pack worth about $35-$40 in my opinion. I'd wait for a sale, but if you don't mind spending the money go for it. I'll try to remember to update this review after I complete everything.
 

ShmoeHAMMAD
425 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2019
Loved it, this game ties back into Assassin's Creed III. Basically, it is a prequel to what will happen in III and also you will understand some of the things going on in Assassin's Creed III. The mechanics are old school and naval battles are more along the line of Black Flag. However, this game has no ties with the story in Black Flag. The story line is really good and there is a lot to do on the side. I managed to conquer all forts, settlements, and finished all legendary ship battles. Honestly, a great buy. Performance was excellent but, if you have nvidia surround, go to widescreen gaming forum, they have a solution for the nvidia surround and it works like a charm. So all maxed out, 60 fps. Anyway, highly recommend this one, especially if you played AC III before.
 

Ghost
191 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
34.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2016
Even though I've played over 30 hours and finished the main story, I just cannot recommend this game to anybody except maybe people like me on a mission to play through all the Assassin's Creed games in order to date.

Maybe it's because I just played the other two sailing/pirate games that it copies all it's assets from, I'm just burned out on this storyline.

But what I think for me was the feeling it was just a lifeless empty shell of a story designed by a team of too many people who could not agree on what makes a fun assassin's creed game.

They just recycled too many old gameplay items from the previous games, and did a bad job stringing them together in this compilation of old assests. They never did a good job of making you as a player feel invovled in the story or give you any motivation to explore and search the map for new and exciting treasures. It just was all flat.

So in summary, I just cannot recommend you wasting your time with this one unless like I said you really want to try them all out and get them on sale like I did. It's not a horrible game, just dissapointing.

Also I have to say the parkour aspect of the game was really bad here, it felt the worst in the series for your character running up the wall instead of going through the door, jumping the wrong way off something, sitting on a chest instead of opening it, freezing while climbing up a wall instead of moving up, etc. Something was just off and ruined the smooth flow of the usual AC parkour. It felt like it was very unpolished and missing something.
 

Santa
512 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2016
Good old Assassins Creed, same gameplay with a couple of new weapons/tools. If you liked Black Flag but are tired of that story, then you will enjoy Rogue.
 

Not_Jim418
317 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2021
Great game. It is nice to be a templar so unique
 

Emenike
53 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
I liked this game more when it was called "Assasin's Creed IV: Black Flag". Although being a gorgeous piece of eye candy to look at, nothing is new under the sun in the North Atlantic. They changed up a few weapons on the ships, a few different animations here and there, and TA-DA! NEW ASSASSIN'S CREED! If you really enjoyed BF, you'll get more of the same in BF2. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing, it just gets old. A few really well done set pieces tie together this game, clearly designed with a "drag and drop" method of level design. I would personally give this game maybe a 7 out of 10 at best.
In Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag 2, you'll assume the Role of Assassin Cormac, on a quest for revenge and booty. When teenagers with an absurd amount of attitude steal Assassin Cormac's manuscript, it is up to you to solve the mystery to save the world!

Pros
1. If you like Assassin's Creed, nothing is broken. It's the same as the last 4 games.
2. The game is pretty
3. Ship combat is really well done
4. Fun set pieces

Cons
1. Bugs. Just.... bugs
2. It's a new Assassin's Creed with no fixes to the same wacky glitches that'll have you bursting at the seems with laughter
3. REHASHED SHANTIES from Black Flag
4. REHASHED SCORE from Black Flag
5. Voice Actors phoned it in the whole time, or were people they pulled out of the break room in the office.
6. Combat is lazily simple, it's only challenging if you get a rimjob during fight scenes.
 

OneDeadChicken
154 products in account
3
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 19
One of the best of the Assassins creed franchise, and one of my favourite games. Assassin's creed in general, never fails to impress. Although it only lasted 15 hours, every one of those were well spent and thoroughly enjoyed!
 

Tobsttar
77 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2020
pirate argggggggg 2.0
 

Bingo Bongo
51 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2021
very fun raiding ships
 

Sucram
34 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2017
This review is going to probably get a big long winded, the game has a lot to talk about and theres a lot I want to go over.

Assassins Creed rogue gives us the premise of a assassin turning templar, and for the first time, playing a entire game as a templar protagonist.

My immediate worry was that character motivations would be terrible, Ubisoft would never have the balls to outright make the player character a bad person with bad ideals, and in that regard I was right, The Templars are displayed as noble, good people, and the assassins are almost cartoonishly evil, even to the point of going against their own moral standards established in every other game.

However the characters themselves, have good motivations, Shay's reason for leaving the Assassins makes perfect sense, and Achilles reason for being a unreasonable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who doesnt listen to anyone, also makes sense.

Mechanically, the game is a complete improvement over Assassins Creed 4, and turning mechanics on their head is quite enjoyable, like playing Assassin contracts in reverse where you intercept a contract, then protect the target, and having assassins try to kill you when you are out walking the streets.

In practice though, some of this falls flat. Assassins wont "stalk" you, they just stand in specific ambush locations, and come after you if you step near them, they are just human booby traps, and once you recognize this, it becomes a joke. The map is far worse than AC4, being broken into 3 smaller maps, the riverlands being the absolute worse, gone is the feeling of sailing the open seas, hello feelings of everything being incredibly small!

Hunting is...completely broken, infuriatingly so. Animals dont respawn until you reload the area entirely, and when they do, its static spawns, you are lucky to get 1-2 of your chosen hunting target. This problem wasnt present and AC4, and in AC4 you usually only needed 2 pelts of each animal, in Rogue you will need anywhere between 5-8 of a pelt, and this goes for the harpooning targets too, its a massive time consuming chore.

The outfit variety is great, AC4's outfits were a huge letdown, with Kenway only having a handful of outfits, and few of them any good. Shay has a massive wardrobe of very stylish outfits, however...the unlock system is utterly abysmal.

A large portion of outfits and weapons are unlocked by completing collectables, which will take you the course of the entire game and then some to do, meaning 1) you will have already purchased the superior Bastard Sword, the second best weapon in the game, long before unlocking these inferior weapons 2) You will be both finished, and burned out on the game, with no options for New Game+ to enjoy your unlocks on a subsequent playthrough.

Also the best weapon in the game requires completing every. single. fleet mission in the game. There are 33 of them, and they each take 2-3 hours.

You still have a host of other problems the assassins creed series has always had, including imprecise free-running, where your character just wont make the obvious jump. Ill also have problems where enemies will attack me while im in a kill animation I cant cancel out of, or during a small cutscene where I cant even see my character.

The legendary ships is perhaps the most disapointing aspect of the game. There are 3 of them, two of them are the same ship, a boring normal Man of War with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of health with different adds (one has normal adds, the other has fireship suicide bombers) and a repeat of one of the AC4 legendary ships...but with adds. The adds just make everything difficult to see and more chaotic than fun, and it completely falls flat.

Overall I found the game enjoyable, but a lot of its problems greatly hurt it. Its worth playing if you have already played AC4 and its DLC and want more of that gameplay, but its far from being "AC4 but better" like many proclaim.
 

Zaayl
445 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2017
It was quite interesting to look at things from different perspective. But don't expect anything extraordinary. For me, it was just like a big Black Flag DLC. Still enjoyed it tho.
 

boi
227 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2021
We're the good guys now
 

TNB
515 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2015
At least it doesn't lag.



10/10
 

LethalHigh [Add2Coop]
340 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2021
The main menu theme goes hard
 

Chad Sigmaton
49 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2018
Oh boy, where do I begin.
It's good. All you have to know.
I highly recommend it. Especially when you are a fan of the AC series like I am.
 

Stranger
291 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2018
One of a kind! Doesn't matter whether you are an Assassin or Templar, what matters is that you make the right decision. Recommended!
 

Fareye__
82 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Gamplay so far is very smooth, even with the setting maxed out. The story line is very intresting. So far I have not come across any problems. The optimazation so far is awesome! Graphics are great as well.
 

0311 Blurr
159 products in account
15
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2018
The saddest AC game after Revelations. same letter tho - ACR - revelations or rogue.

after playing it, i started to resent Achilles and american assassins ever more. no respect, no trust, no understanding, zero tolerance, if only they listened.
if only
 

bo77om
451 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
50.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2018
There's a lot of reasons to buy Assassin's Creed: Rogue.

This game's story is somewhat tied to Assassin's Creed: III, Freedom Cry and Unity. so the story-line in this game will fill in those little gaps these games had and the ending is epic to say the least. You play as Shay when he was an Assassin, I don't want to spoil anything. You'll discover what made him turn on this own creed, there are good reasons. Then how he will eventually become a Templar and what things he's gonna do as a Templar etc.

Graphics are not good for its time, the default Field of View is set way too high than any other games in the Assassin's Creed series. The main title of the soundtrack is awesome but the rest of it doesn't match the game's atmosphere and different situations. There are two main maps in this games, giving you lots of places to go and lots of things to explore.

There are a lot of collectibles in this game, some promises worthy rewards while others do not.

The modern day story doesn't make much progress but you can hack stuff like mini-games to discover some pretty much useless things about Abstergo.

Different outfits and weapons can be found at shops throughout the game but almost all of the outfits are just re-textures of the default one and weapons doesn't make much differences as the game is way too easy and doesn't have any difficulty setting. The ship customization items are actually good and your ship will change it's color every time you do a major upgrade.

I would recommend this game for its story, it would be an amazing experience if you have played Assassin's Creed: III, Freedom Cry and Unity before touching this game.
 

Debjit_M
2,728 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 6
best.
 

gimel
10 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2018
The game works a lot like AC4, nothing new here. Yet the story is mindblowing, for an AC fan, this is a must play!
 

Nasty Tester
25 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2020
Better than assassin's creed black flag and better storyline.
 

𝔊𝔬𝔨𝔰𝔞
332 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
8.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2020
I make my own luck.
 

August Mesto
883 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2017
Great game, combines the classic AC gameplay with the newer ship missions very well. I personally enjoyed that the story is around 50/50 on land and on sea but I guess that's very subjective. Only drawback is that the first part of the mission is a bit too strictly guided for my taste (and that you can't skip the credit after the finale, wtf).
 

Xenox1886
98 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2015
Unlike the disater of AC:U, this game feels like it's predicessors.
bear in mind that this is my opinion after 12 hours of gameplay.

Pros:
- Does not have any micro-transaction BS like ACU
- Smooth contols
- Improved ship controls
- New ship Upgrades.
- VERY interesting story.
- 3 Unique areas. New York (A large City, I know, surprising). The River Valley, (Semi-large islands with, again surprisingly, rivers. The Rivers DO infact handle differently that out on the open sea.) And the North Atlantic, small, frozen islands amid a wild ocen, full of ice and honestly scary rouge waves.
- New unique weapons. (I personly enjoy the "air gun", an updated blowgun)
- The story is also very unique, as you are viewing it from the other side of the war, and you even meet some old faces, friendly, or othersise.
- the UPlay reward that grants you a japanese set of swords in not overpowed. ( I have replaced them with a mid-range set already)
-Your first mate if the best NPC in 2015 so far. It's friggin Richard Dumont.

CONS:
- Not many types of side missons.(So Far)
- Helping the British, who will easily become hostile if commiting a crime.
- Forced Uplay Intergration.
 

Choppytehbear
774 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2018
Kinda of a Black Flag redux thingy, seeing that I didn't quite like Black Flag and was tired as hell of it I just speed through this one. Still the Templar perspective was neat, as well as the Lisbon earthquake and the ending. But overall I was too tired of Assassin's Creed to fully enjoy it. In any case it was shorter and more enjoyable than the bloated Black Flag.

PS: Hated, HATED with a passion how I was forced to do stupid grinding just to have a chance at the final naval fight.
 

Berto
608 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
107.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2018
We have another sequel to the Assassin's Creed franchise, where we play as Shay Patrick Cormac, the one, who betrayed the Assassin's Brotherhood and joined the Templars to avenge those who deceived him. Frankly, I really enjoyed the game, I played it for over 100 hours. Gameplay and ship mechanics are only slightly modified, but very similar to the previous part, Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag. The story was exciting, we could finally try to play as a member of the Templar Order. Despite these factors, I prefer Black Flag more.

8.5/10
 

Jenji
54 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2019
It's such a good take on what the other side of story is and how the Templars are seen through the eyes of a character who was a part of the assassins and switched sides. The ability to be a hunter of men is quite a cool take on it as well, being a assassin killer.
 

Divided Attention
115 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
139.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2015
Before you read my review for this game, keep in mind there'll be spoilers so DON'T read if you want to avoid it, thank you.

+Really worth the money(since this is my first AC game to get)
+Shay is a really interesting character and I love playing as him
+Really loved how the story went
+Got this game on my laptop(which I got it a year ago and probably getting older now) running this game on 30fps on low graphics (but some are on high) which I thought was amazing
+Combat&Stealth are great as any other AC game.
+












 

Jon The Necromancer
75 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2021
I recommend this game to anyone who likes the AC series
 

Ninjasonic
2 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
82.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2017
Better then Unity
 

Andromeda
492 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2018
Playing as a Templar's point of view, it is quite interesting. Only downside of this game is you can't skip the damn credits else the story is a bit okay. 9/10.
 

Caligula
722 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
Long story short, if you enjoyed Black Flag, you'll enjoy this one!
 

Sha|)ini0
507 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2021
black flag but templar
 

Dr. Egge
186 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
73.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2020
on the gameplay part its like black flag but with snow, the story though is really awesome mainly cause they let us play as a templar even more than in assasins creed 3
 

THEMAYA44
168 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2017
If you liked AC IV: Black Flag , you will like this as well, its not as good but its a nice addition. This game is basicly mix between AC III and AC IV: Black Flag.
Howewer the story is much shorter and side quests are pretty much all some kind off collectibles (special armor, maps, keys etc.) and it gets pretty repetitive. The only original side quest is the "Assasination interception".
If you are AC fan I recommed it but not for a full price, grab it when it goes on sale with at least 50% discount.

6.5/10
 

Martin_Lite
86 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
76.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2017
I really liked Rogue. The storyline was great. Shay's progression to the Templar side did not feel forced at all. I actually enjoyed being a Templar. However, the modern story could use a little work. There was more to do than in the previous games but there's still not much happening.
 

Grand Master Cat ±PGD*±
107 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2017
This game in my opinion was very good out of most of the other AC's games !! This game had brought AC 3 and Black Flag together very nicely in such a short gameplay. I recommend anyone who is interested in the storyline to play this game.
 

CreedSt
44 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
161.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2018
AC Rogue it is the eighth major installment in the Assassin's Creed series. Music very incorporate into the situation, improve AC4's defects, graphic elegant more than AC4 And add some detail of Morrigan can do.

The game was special of AC series, AC Rogue you will be a templar his name was Shay Cormac, he used to be an young assassin but now he is a templar.

Plot: In the very first memory, Shay was seen chasing an Assassin in Port-Menier, attempting to attack him, but his target dodged the attack. The Assassin was then revealed to be Liam O'Brien, a friend and compatriot of Shay's. Shay and Liam's conversation was interrupted by the sound of distant cannon fire. Shay and Liam reached their camp, where Louis-Joseph Gaultier, Chevalier de la Vérendrye, was waiting for them.

After an arguement and a fistfight between Chevalier and Shay, he and Liam made their way to the British camp. They killed the soldiers and freed the smugglers taken prisioner. Shay took their ship for himself and named it the Morrigan, then took helm and set a course for Chevalier's ship, the Gerfaut, which was being attacked by British ships. Shay sank the enemy ships and rescued the Gerfault.

However AC Rogue plot is good, but too short. OST are nice. Small but gold.
 

nick anney 5838
6,727 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2020
I didn't expect the story to be so short honestly because it got me really excited right off the bat. Otherwise, great game.
 

Ayato
73 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2017
Blackflag was a great game and this is pretty much the same, so it is not as originally anymore but still enjoyable..
 

chr1ss
265 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
110.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2021
This is very enjoyable. Sure, it's buggy and has a bit of lack of polish, but I found it more enjoyable than Black Flag. Some bugs were insane, however, such as being launched way into the air all floaty-like, and then floating down slowly and then dying after trying to assassinate someone. Despite Shay switching to being a Templar, it felt more of an assassin game than Black Flag. The ship stuff was better, for a start, and the lack of diving missions was good.
 

itchy_wool_pants
594 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2017
It'll scratch that Assasins Creed itch.

I enjoyed playing from the the Templars point of view, the story does a good job of justifying the main character's motivations for turning against the Brotherhood and serves as a prequel to both AC3 and AC Unity. There isn't much in the way of content (I played close to 20 hours, half of which was me messing around trying to improve my character and get cool armor), but it's worth picking up on sale.
 

ma_chambo
81 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
72.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2021
Never thought that Assassin's Creed Rogue will be one of my favourite games. I still remember that I started the game and I couldn't stop. I just played and played untill it was done. I thought for myself: How is it possible that I love this game more than other games. Then I realized it was the feeling, graphics and the way of exploration. I didn't wanted to stop exploring but there wasn't more to do. I didn't wanted to play again right when I completed it. I wanted to enjoy that feeling, then I forget about this masterpiece. Today I was scrolling trough my games and I saw this game and I instantly remembered. Good old memories and two bad memories which one of them was the ending but not in the way of bad ending, I felt loss. Then it was second bad memory and that was when I realized that the game is not that long, that I have completed everything

That's why I give this game 9/10
Too short masterpiece :(
 

BörkTyx__
57 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2018
An Assassin's Creed game with a Templar Story and Even More Ships
Because naval gameplay is so good...
– 7.5/10 (Entertaining)

Assassin's Creed Rogue was actually never meant to be a main game even though it is labeled as a major installment. It was made mainly for last-gen consoles and the story is more like a side story which acts as a prequel and sequel of the real main games. Also, it has fewer contents when compared to the others, that's why it is skippable. However, it is a good one.

AC: Rogue is a good addition to the series, more of the everyone's favorite naval gameplay. Good connection to ACIII and Unity's story as well which presented from the perspective of an ex-assassin templar. My suggestion is to get it if you want more of the Naval gameplay or if you really want the complete experience.
 

ZERBERUSZERMATT
806 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2020
You finally get to play as the good guys.


Mechanically and in terms of its main character, AC: Rogue is one of my good ones in the series. Shay's story arc is remarkably good, and further dilutes the "good versus evil" mentality of the other games by presenting both the Assassins and the Templars in a more sobering light. It's also a very good game to boot, built on the bones of Black Flag without many changes to that formula.

Overall, though, I think it's up there with Brotherhood and Black Flag as one of my favorites in the series. Definitely worth a shot if you're looking for an open world fix without having to shell out the full price of a new AC game.
 

Red Prince
182 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2017
One of the better games in the Assassin's Creed series. The story is wonderful and provides an interesting Templar perspective. However, the story is very short; I took one-third of the time to play this compared to my time playing Unity.

The game has multiple references to other Assassin's Creed games. Fans of the series would love these. Characters from other Assassin's Creed games are introduced at multiple points during the storyline.

Gameplay is very similar to Black Flag. The game runs very smooth even on weaker PCs, but it feels obvious that the game was designed for last-gen consoles. The naval combat is improved slightly and I felt that the ships also handle well compared to Black Flag. The Naval Campaign returns in this and has around 33 missions. I've played only 5, and it feels easier compared to Black Flag; you can easily get 100% success probability even on small schooners if they are repaired (at least for beginning missions). It can provide good amounts of money and rare items.

The game gets fast boring after completing the story. Acquiring gang HQs are interesting and have a Uplay Action which would give you Uplay Units where you have to acquire all 16 HQs.

I felt that I would not like it as it is Templar focused, but the storyline is pretty interesting. Do give it a shot if you're on the fence for this reason. It's good to play the villian once in a while.
 

MisterRay97
809 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2015
Heyyo,

Hmm... it's not easy for me to give a not recommended to this game after loving Black Flag... but this game's so buggy and frustrating at times that even Assassin's Creed 1 was A LOT more enjoyable even with less gameplay elements purely because it was a more solid game... and here's why I say this as my intro:

I thought, "This game uses the same engine as Black Flag and adds in a new storyline" and that's cool and all... but the game lacks the polish that Black Flag does and I swear the parkour is terrible even compared to Black Flag which will upset you off a lot anyways... so in earlier AC games, especially AC 2? You could vary your run speeds between a jog and a sprint which really helped on rooftops making quick 90 degree turns... in this game? You have walk and sprint... no jog. The sprint key is also your parkour key... but if you use spacebar or E with sprint? Cormac will then go into "unsafe" parkour jumps or parkour dismounts where he can (AND WILL CONSTANTLY) leap to his death or do something to enrage you greatly. For a game with such an emphasis on parkour? This game is riddled with bugs in so many different town and areas... not being able to straddle a short dirt wall but two feet over Cormac will... if you're trying to do a quick escape and Cormac won't climb a wall because it looked like the 2x4's could be used for climbing? You have to release the SHIFT key and then turn at walking pace before holding SHIFT again or Cormac will endlessly loop trying to climb that same wall since he's so sluggish to turn with SHIFT held down sigh... and getting stuck! I've done an air assassination on a guard poking a hay bale and then Cormac was stuck in a stationary crouch and I couldn't move and guards wouldn't attack me! I had to fast travel elsewhere and lose all my progress on a fortification capture because of that! GRR!!

Next? The bugs... oh the bugs! Here's polygons floating in the air...

Heyyo, sigh this game is quite buggy... geometry (as you can see in this pic) and shadow artifacts, parkour stuck... only get if dirt cheap. 
A Screenshot of Assassin's Creed Rogue
By: ThE_MarD


and more floating polygons same mission...

Assassin's Creed Rogue 
A Screenshot of Assassin's Creed Rogue
By: ThE_MarD


Main storyline? I've had to force a mission restart because NPC's would do stuff like attack each other WHEN THEY'RE ON THE SAME TEAM and then they wouldn't continue walking towards our objective and they wouldn't be able to kill each other... or the first time I got a boat on the tutorial mission? I escaped the zone and the prompt kept saying to escape the zone... so I sailed half the map and realized after checking the map that the game was bugged and had to restart the mission sigh...

Here's Colonel Monroe fighting his own men..
http://imgur.com/AZZK1ri

Restart the mission? They get along just fine and walk in formation...
http://imgur.com/AeJzDxu

So yeah... buggy, frustrating parkour system which is bugged compared to Black Flag... which is a shame since the storyline is actually good and it's refreshing to see a story from the Templars side of things... but... these bugs will make you give your monitor the middle finger a lot... so unless it's really... and I mean REALLY cheap and you really want an AC game as a Templar? Then and only then bother to buy this game. I bought it for $15 and I feel it was ok for $15... but I feel I should at least try and rush through the game and finish the storyline so at least I feel like I got my $15 worth.

Here I fight the floating pistol and sword in holsters...

Heyyo, sigh this game is buggy... I'll fight the floating pistols in holsters I guess lol ffs... 
A Screenshot of Assassin's Creed Rogue
By: ThE_MarD


My adversary the floating pistol and swords return in a different fight!
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=569522461

AC Syndicate might have a terribly optimized game engine compared to AC Rogue... but the core gameplay is a lot more solid and I've only experienced bugs with tackling and kidnapping which were minor compared to this game and the parkour is amazing on AC Syndicate... I'd rather play a game I cap my framerate on purpose to 30fps and have worse performance than a game that runs good but the gameplay is bugged like crazy...

Oh, another prime example of the lack of care put into AC Rogue? You know how AC IV Black Flag had that companion app for iOS and Android to control Kenway's fleet? Well, Cormac's fleet in AC Rogue doesn't get the same treatment... no companion app. sigh.
 

ThE_MarD
817 products in account
13
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2020
No frills AC game. I'm just doing the main story, but there is plenty of side content as you'd expect from this era of AC.

Story is good enough, graphics still hold up. The old AC combat system is great - the 18th century trilogy has my favorite combat of the entire franchise. Ship combat is still great too.
 

★ Smokes, Let's Go Ψ
87 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
feel like pirate
 

Witcher
162 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2021
Assassin's Creed Rogue is a great and enjoyable game. The best moments are their naval battles, the open world and the large variety of missions.
 

ARVIL
32 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2019
-> Assassin Skill
-> Templar Perspective

"Uphold the principles of our order and all that for which we stand."
"Never share our secrets nor divulge in the true nature of our work."
"Do so until death, whatever the cost."

Play as Templar ..
 

Winhart
457 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2018
Sometimes this game goes PEW PEW with guns but other times you go CLANK CLANK with swords, other times you go SWOOSH from jumping building to building and other times your ship will go SPLASH SPALSH in the water, find an enemy ship and you go BOOOOOOM and CRAAAAAACK and AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
 

AFFRA
76 products in account
4
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2019
Well, Assassin's Creed Rogue is an Assassin's Creed game, with everything it implies in great settings and totally assisted but still frustratingly imprecise gameplay.
So I won't do a review of every Assassin's Creed game here and will just focus on the particularities of Rogue.

Basically, it's Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag, but shorter (which is a big plus) and in the Atlantic North, which makes for a far colder setting. It's also full of fan-service and a must-play for whoever played the AC games that took place in America.

I can't say much about the gameplay as it's still exactly the same as AC4. I can just say that added a more ground-based map slightly akin to the Frontier from AC3, which is cool for varying the settings and gameplay a bit.

The nicest thing about this game is that you get to play a templar and you assassinate assassins all alongs (and that is so cool). The story is a bit too short compared to the size of the maps and the number of activities, but it lets you meet sympathetic templars and lots of well-known faces that make a come-back (special mention for a totally gratuitous fan-pleasing dialogue between Haytham Kenway and Adéwalé about Edward).
 

Kyp
304 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2020
God I love the AC games so damn much. Black Flag & Rogue have a special place in my heart because they took me onto a long, lengthy, emotional rollercoaster of cliffhangers, heartbreaks and betrayals. AC Rogue is definitely a keeper, a game to consider playing for a good story because the ending is actually mind boggling because I genuinely didn't expect it to end the way it did (For those who have played the other AC games) they'll know what I'm talking about. It's shorter than Black Flag I have to say since I completed it in 8 hours whereas I completed Black Flag in 20+ hours. Gameplay is solid, missions aren't repetitive, RPG-like system is of course still in tact and it works well, really well.

100% recommend buying this, it's a must have!
 

Kazzy | Team K4L
224 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2021
This entry in the AC franchise is essentially a clone of the beloved instalment Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. However this is a good thing as the naval combat is second to none and the sea shanties are also incredibly catchy and you will find yourself singing alongside your crew. There are improvements to the flow of the game in comparison to Black Flag by making the experience less focused on grinding and more on immediately jumping into the action. To this day, this remains the only AC experience that allows you to play as a Templar, this leads to a clever and more difficult, if only half-baked, unique enemy type to the series, the Assassins themselves. It felt like more could have been done here, but at least they are not just clueless guards.

Some proverbial housekeeping: This game is less graphically demanding than Black Flag. Unfortunately, this game does require Uplay; there are Uplay achievements and, at the time of this review, all Uplay rewards are automatically permanently unlocked for all Steam AC games. The game supports 21:9 although it is bugged and requires a very simple game file edit, although even an idiot like me can do it in a minute
 

OffsideRush
188 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2017
its way to underrated the story is short it lakes content and reuses alot from Black Flag but your what is basicly the best DLC that is its own game but you can never have to much Black Flag the story kicks starts alot of things like Unity and 3 i just want Shay to fight Connor or Arno seeing as there storys where heavily affected by him
 

RuinTJ
115 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Awsome Game, Amazing Port for PC, nice graphic.

I would say this is with Black Flag the best AC Game they made for now. Game looks very nice and it run smooth on Highes Settings. Never played any Ubisoft Games with so an amazing Port like this game has.

To be honest, AC Rogue is one of the best Ports I played for a long time, I only now 2 big Games who have a good port on Relase and that was Metal Gear Solid and Dragon Ball.

If you loved Black Flag this game is a must have, sailing works better now then ever and it looks sooooo amazing. Also the ship handling works better, at least with gamepad. (I´m not playing with mouse and keyboard).

Pro:
Graphic
Controller works perfect (xbox360)
Story
Music
Hunting
Sailing and water fights with other ships and towers
A lot of upgrades for weapon and your ship
Old fight System (I didnt liked the Unity combat)
You can find a lot of treatures, sounds for your ship and other things
Animals looks nice
When you try to swim in alaska or where you have snow and ice you lose health

Contra:
will be addet when i found some contras
 

🐺-Wolferatus-🐺
8,396 products in account
1
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2016
I must say after the original "Assassin's Creed" this is the next best game for me. Story wise the game is good actually you get to know about history of some of the characters from AC3 and 4, and the best part was the ending itself the intro of **SPOILERS ALERT**- Arno. I must say i enjoyed the tower takedown from ship in this game more than AC4. I think where AC4 made it all about being a pirate this one had a good mixture if you don't like sailing just don't do it, there are hardly 3 or 4 ship missions.
Edit - Hardly 8 hours of story gameplay which makes it one of the shortest campaigns :D
 

Massacre
333 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2018
This game is really as good as other people say. Shay is an excellent protagonist. The only downside is, that it's very short. However, there was not a single minute I got bored.
 

lowl1fe
1,563 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2017
Assassin's Creed 3,Assassin's Creed Black Flag,Assassin's Creed Unity connected eachother in this game?Hell yeah!
 

BurnStrike
117 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 20
May the father of understanding guide you
 

DarkblazeVEVO
278 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
Was a solid 14 hours of gameplay wasn't much to do after that but I say I got my moneys worth
 

trademark7
342 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2021
I meik me own luck.
 

ItzRyda
204 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2020
Good continuation for Black Flag and an interesting prequel to AC3.
Some stuff felt low budget (like a lot of glitches that weren't present in Black Flag)
 

Kane
184 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2016
It's like AC 2 3 and 4 fused into one game: Likable character with an understandable motive(AC2), is on a mission in America(AC3), with great naval combat(AC4). It has the graphics of 4, but I can actually play it on max settings thanks to better optimization.

10 hidden blades angrilly thrust into my former comrades/10
 

vinny.marcellino
119 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2021
The Other Side of the Story (Spoilers!!!!)

Assassin’s Creed has been all about the Assassin’s principles until now.

The Story & Characters

The Story starts you off as an Assassin, turned Assassin Hunter. Shay Patrick Cormac, is an amazing character, who is caught between ideologies of the Assassin’s fight for freedom; whereas the Templar’s fight for order. Haytham Kenway makes a comeback, as the Grandmaster Templar in Pre-American Revolution America. Haytham still shows his wisdom and is as ruthless as ever. Achilles gets crippled by Haytham, and his overall a horrible assassin leader. He does not show Shay any sympathy for the destruction of an entire country, which Shay feels responsible for. The only Assassin I liked was Liam, Shay’s best friend. Adéwalé makes a return, so if you liked Freedom Cry, you will like Adé in this game.

The game is a way tie in some questions for the games that were based between ACIII to ACU. Not all questions were answered unfortunately, but the story was pretty good, I wished it was longer.

Graphics

The graphics are almost identical to ACIV:BF, with some downgrades; it’s barely noticeable though

Gameplay/Mechanics

The fight system in this game is almost an exact copy of ACIV. With the addition of the air rifle, gameplay can be more strategic. Need help blowing up 5 guards? Use the shrapnel grenade to get the job done. Want to be stealthy? You got 3 types of darts to choose from. The parkour did not change much from black flag either.

The Regions

There are 3 regions you travel to, one being New York, one being the North Atlantic, and the last one being River Valley. The maps weren’t very big, which was a refresher, since the story wasn’t very long (only 6 sequences). There is no underwater exploration like Black Flag did, which would have been nice in the River Valley. New York is similar to AC3 with areas that may make you nostalgic (or not, depending on how you feel on AC3). The Naval Campaign was a nice addition to the game, better than having community challenges in black flag, but it became an endgame annoyance; it can be worked around with a time glitch.

More Collectibles Than Story Missions

Like I said earlier, there are only 6 sequences in this game. Making it the shortest AC game in the franchise. It pads the playtime with collectibles and side missions. The sides missions and collectibles were very rewarding and fun. You get 3 outfits for collecting those collectibles. The sides missions were fun too, with hunting challenges and assassination interceptions. The legendary navy battles were a blast, showing the power of the Morrigan, which is a small ship, but packs a punch.

Shay is a Dapper Fello

With all the endgame objectives completed, you have a wide variety of weapons and outfits. They range from robes to native armour. You can download a mod to have the Templar outfit to have a hood, but it isn’t identical to the cinematic trailer. The swords and pistols don’t change much, other than stats and design.

The Journey

Completing Assassin’s Creed Rogue was daunting at first, with 2 bodies of water, and New York. It was both intimidating and really fun to complete, it wasn’t super hard or easy, the gameplay was fun and kept me interested the whole way through.

Verdict

Ultimately, Assassin’s Creed Rogue is a step in the right direction of story-telling in Assassin’s Creed. The game feels like a side game or a DLC expansion for Black Flag, because of how short the main story is, and is filled with side content (which I’m not complaining about). Shay’s story is an example of risks Ubisoft should take more.
 

Spamie
112 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2018
Assassin's Creed: Rogue is a direct sequel to Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag (both in modern time and past), the two games share a lot of features like the heavy emphasis on naval combat, sea exploration, hunting, crafting, the fleet minigame and so on. Unfortunately, AC: Rogue was originally developed (and released) at the same time as Assassin's Creed: Unity, with the latter being the "true" AC of 2014 and AC: Rogue being just an alternative for those still playing on an "old-gen" console (Xbox 360/PS3), the PC version came later with some visual upgrades but not enough to even rival AC IV let alone AC: Unity.

AC: Rogue features a new arctic ocean environment, a new ship, a new silenced "long range" rifle and a grenade launcher (both capable of shooting sleep, berserk and shrapnel darts\grenades) but sadly, just like in AC IV, there are no big cities to explore, horses to ride, homestead to upgrade or shops to own, you can't even hire thugs or dancers to distract enemies, you can only renovate some damaged building and beside the, kind of short, main story there aren't many side "jobs" to keep you occupied, just a lot of collectibles, at least the adventure of the new protagonist isn't boring and the presence of characters from AC IV and AC III is a nice touch.

Overall, AC: Rogue isn't a bad game but it feels way too much like an old-fashion expansion of AC IV: Black Flag than a completely independent title, it reminds me a lot of AC (III): Liberation, another good game with a lot limitations and of wasted potential.

Pick it up at discount and only if you really liked AC IV, otherwise, just ignore this one.
 

GyppiFX
583 products in account
2
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2017
TL:DR Good game. Worth picking up if you enjoyed Black Flag and fancy some more

I feel Rogue was a bit overlooked given it was released around the same time as Unity. Like Black Flag, Rogue carries on with the pirate theme this time taking the setting to the New York area and North Atlantic. As I enjoyed all the pirate related stuff from BF I really enjoyed more of it which Rogue has plenty of. It also improves a bit on BF with new weapons such as the really useful dart gun and less annoying missions like the eavesdropping ones from BF.

The story is also pretty good with the main character Shay, who starts off as an Assassin, turning his back on the Order and joining the Templars. Its actually quite refreshing to get the Templars perspective and the game is better for that.

Only downsides is some of the voice acting. Shay is supposed to have an Irish accent but what we get is an "Oirish" accent on par with Tom Cruises effort in Far and Away. It's brutal. Another character seems to go between Scottish and Russian. It's hard to take the story seriously at times when you have this unintended comedy.

But that aside Rogue is a great entry to the series and it didnt get as much attention as it deserved.If you enjoyed Black Flag then Rogue is well worth a try.
 

Del Mingus
1,642 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2016
This is my favorite Assassin's Creed game. I've played AC1, AC2, AC3 and AC4 (Black Flag), the latter used to be my favorite before this one came out.

The Good:
- The ship battles improve on Black Flag's
- The story is interesting
- It was a nice break to play as the Templars. Sure they're aristrocratic jerks, but those Assassins and their reckless behavior will destroy the world (according to this game, anyway)
- The graphics are impressive
- The "Lite" RPG system is well balanced. Powering up your ship, pacifying cities by taking over bases, and improving your personal armaments is fun. If you grind, the latter levels will be easier because your ship will be extremely powerful. If you don't grind, those levels will probably be harder
- Being constantly hunted - instead of hunting, like in every other AC game - by Assassins while in cities is a new and really fun mechanic

The Bad:
- The player controls, as usual. Be sure and run halfway up every tree and wall you see
- The final levels turn in Super Mario platforming, as ususal
- Level repetition, as usual

Basically, the Bad is: it's an AC game with all the inherent clunkiness that implies. But it's a great AC game! It just may turn you into a Templar.
 

yotuck_1
74 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2015
This game should have been labeled as Black Flag DLC not standalone.. sadly a very very short story and really not much new
 

Napkin
157 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
Yeah it's pretty good
 

Uncle Potato
248 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2018
Why haven’t I played this before such a good game
 

My Name Isn't Byf
492 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 11
If you enjoyed Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, you'll almost certainly like this one as well. It is, essentially, a standalone DLC for Black Flag. Same great sailing mechanics, but with a bit more of the Assassin's Creed III flavor. Good game - kinda sped through it though, as I recently spend hours and hours playing Black Flag, and honestly, because of how similar they were, I didn't really feel like doing all the collectibles, etc.

Still good, though, so I would recommend it to AC/Black Flag fans.
 

joejouzu
687 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2016
Took me about 10 hours to finish the main story plus all side quests and about 50 hours to get 100% plus all bonus stuff that isn't included in the 100% (like achievments and challenges).
Imho it is one of the better AC titles after Brotherhood, which is my absolute favourite.
They might as well could have called that part Black Flag 2 or sell it as an Add-On, because there is no new main feature to the game.
Still, it was really fun playing and worth the money (especially for 12€ on sale)
 

PhipsOhyeah
982 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2021
Assassin's Creed Rogue
Assassin's Creed Rogue is a game that fills the space between Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag and Assassin's Creed 3, which you can really feel when you play. The game reuses game mechanics and graphics from Black Flag which is not in it self bad since Black Flag was a really good game. Matter in fact, Rouge keeps basically everything from Black Flag and adds some new stuff. Like such as instead of there being one a big map like Black Flag, there is now 3 different maps like in AC 3 (New York, the Hudson River Valley, and the North Atlantic, specifically, the area around Newfoundland and Nova Scotia which all together results in being bigger than Black Flag's map). But unlike AC 3 where the naval gameplay was restricted to missions, Rouge uses Black Flag open world naval gameplay. Then there is stuff like the grande launcher or the air rifles firecrackers, or during naval battles, the Morrigan can be rammed by enemy ships, forcing Shay and his crew to protect the vessel from Assassin, stalkers hiding and waiting to strike Shay and the ability to kill civilians after joining the Templars which all of this differ from previous games.

Graphically the game didn't really improve but that's fine. The story is what makes the game more unique but at the same time is what makes Black Flag slightly better. This time you don't just play as an assassin but an assassin that turns into a Templar. THe story is maybe somewhat short but I didn't mind it as I think it fits better that way. But what I would like to se is a future AC game where from the beginning you play as a ruthless Templar with a longer and richer story. Overall I don't even think that I experienced any bugs that I can remember and overall I enjoyed the game.

8/10
 

Captain Martinis
98 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2015
Still Thinking of buying?

Short answer: Overpriced DLC IMO but very fun, if you liked AC 3 and especially 4, than buy this .

The story is SHORT. .I guess UbiSoft had some guilt so they marked down the cost by $10.. I have to give them credit though because there wasn`t much that the developers had to do to make this game. The re-use of GFX and characters from both 3 and 4 with some new additions and the exact same mechanics and game flow as 4 with a new story line pretty much sums up the making of this game.

The first thing that stood out to me was that this game to date was the smoothest running right after being released; I was able to max out everything and got a solid 60 FPS 95 percent of the time. The scenery was another thing that really stood out; the colors and dynamics are really beautiful in this game and I often had to stop just to look around, this is a nice change in pace from other darker themed games. You`ll see where a lot of buildings/characters and scenery were re-used, but at least this time when your sailing around you`re not looking at the exact same landscape like you did in B.F. and running around in the snow made a comeback which was really fun in 3.

So we finally get an Irish Assassin and he turns... well.. rogue =\ Even in video game land we can`t catch a break! It is interesting that the writers went down the templar route to keep things fresh. The story brings back some characters, but if you didn`t play Unity, 4 or 3 you`ll be in the dark. The big problem? The campaign/story was short, in fact the shortest in the series which is why I call it a DLC, you spend most of your time exploring and gathering treasure and if you just play the campaign you can be done in under a few hours. Also, the short story also didn`t leave time for you to find the cool treasures like the different armor and Altair's sword set let alone be able to use them during gameplay like in brotherhood and the wolf armor.

NY was laid out like Boston was in 3 and there`s no horse so you had to run around or fast travel which sucked and the stalkers really became a huge pain. You can`t run while in eagle vision so you don`t know where they are and have to rely on the annoying whispers to know when they`re close, but it didn`t really matter unless you were exploring and finding treasures because you didn`t spend much time in NY during the story.

Hunting, crafting, ship upgrades, naval campaign and legendary battles all made a return in this game (legendary battles are much easier which was a bummer). The developers really took the best parts of AC 3 and 4 and made this game which made it really enjoyable to play, it`s too bad it was too short and we didn`t have the stealth movements of Unity because this could have been the best AC game to date, especially after Unity`s failed attempt at upgradable weapons/armor/character and multiplayer campaign; I mean if I want to play an in depth RPG I`ll play games like Baldur`s Gate and if I want to play with people I`ll play games like WOW, but not the place for the AC franchise, stick with what works, stay unique.
As of March 24th 2015 there are still some movement bugs and climbing issues that really make you want to throw your mouse, I even got stuck off the playable map a few times and had to reset/fast travel to reset.

So if you loved 3 and especially 4 than this is worth the money, if you`re a fan of the series but didn`t like 3 or 4 wait for the sale.
 

Avenger
133 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2016
What people need to know abou this game:

Is the story good?
Kind of.. i am biased since i like the assassin gamestory plot so far.. but,.
in this series the assassins went LOCO and are developing Quimical weapons of mass destruction O.o
-The templars are too nice during the story..and the current day templars are total psychopaths with their "do this or DIE" mentality (the weird part is that their actions seem logic on paper)


Gameplay
Pro:
- They maintained the movements mechanics as other assassin's creed.what they changes was that instead of bombs, now we have a grenade launcher to launch the small area bombs -no more tossing-, and the darts are sent by an silent air rifle :)
-The naval part of the game is the same as Assassin's creed 4 blackflag, we can aim faster :) so boats go down much faster :)
There is a lot to do besides the main story - no way to get bored- :))

con:
- the hidden assassins new mechanic they present in this game hinders us a lot.. we hear whispers when we are near them and use the special sense to detect their location .. but we have to be close to detect them.if we don't kill them when moving around they come at us and try to kill us.
-They still didnt gave the option to skip the clips after taking over the boats (is the only thing i got tired of).
-The taverns are closed and unless someone posted a video how to unlock it we wouldn't get it.. because the main story doesn't explain how to find the thugs (we have to beat them to unlock the taverns).


Performance
The game runs smoothly at 60/61 frames and i didnt have any freezes -YAY-

Final Thoughts:
There is waaaay to much to do in sidequests and hidden areas to finish in less than at least a couple of months .. and i personally am more story driven than the sidequests unless they improve my gameplay
I recomend this game for all the assassin's creed fans but warn you that you will hate the assassins in this game ;)
 

Nopax
151 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2018
Good AC experience, but not recommended at full price.

+ quality of life improvements from Black Flag
+ gorgeous setting spread over 3 maps
+ fun level design, with climbing routes through some locations being little setpieces in themselves

+/- pretty easy game

- bugs and glitches, from sound to UI to even movement and climbing
- infuriatingly bad menus for crafting, upgrading, and shops
- 0 interesting characters (par for the course, I suppose)
 

CarcharotH
265 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2021
Basically just an extension of ACBF, but the setting and story make it stand out on its own.
 

Tenomar3
187 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
Omg this game .... Get it. The game is soooooo cool I can not put it in words. Who has celebrated AC4 Black Flag, celebrates this game too!
 

Nescrow
24 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2020
one of the best characters in AC thus far
 

Harry Styles
226 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2016
TL;DR
One of the best AC games. AC 2, 3 and 4 combined. Alternate style of story.

Probably one of the best Assassin's Creed games I have ever played. Completely looked over by people, due to the reason being a sort of side game being released at the same time as the "next gen" Unity. This game combines the enviroment of 3, the gameplay of 4, and the music of 2. The storyline is great as well, as you play as a templar rather than an assassin. Well, you technically play as an Assassin who moved towards the templars due to the main character seeing that the Assassin's were quite thirsty for freedom. Meaning they'd do anything for it.

 

totino
452 products in account
3
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2017
Basically a Story Expansion on ACIV:Black Flag. AC Rogue is a surprisingly fun and entertaining, albiet short game.

For the cheap price it's at it's a good little piece of AC to play if your PC can't run the awfully optimized ACU or ACS.

The protagonist is likeable, similarly to Edward Kenway, also similar to Edward Kenway is the fact the game pretty much copied and pasted the mechanics of ACIV and replaced some things with new (although pretty much identical) features.

Overall, this is a nice game for the price, but don't expect too much in the way of a long storyline, or innovative and new gameplay.
 

joe
295 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2015
It's like Black Flag but with more collectibles. Seriously, why so many? What are they for? For keeping you busy and so avoiding to realize that they've not made anything original for years?
 

Darturias
610 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
At first the game looks like Black Flag, but is not! The characters and the general clime is so beautifull!!!The story,gameplay is awesome. Furthermore,the game has no problems! Soooo Assassin's Creed Rogue 8/10! :D
 

Odicinho
128 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
95.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2015
Quite possibly one of my favourite games in the entire series, to be frank. The story, both of the main game and the minimal amount found in the modern segments, alone was enough to make what I spent well worth it. The game play is smooth and has little to no glitches, and while the graphics aren't as nice as Unity the game still looks fantastic.

The only possible complaint I could have about this game is that it would've been nice to have more plot for the modern day parts, and I miss having the old multiplayer around.
 

player
135 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,987.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2021
Okay, yes Rogue is a re-packaging of Black Flag (or is it vice versa?) and as such, the game is a bit of a mishmash. It isn't clear why you have a ship and are encouraged to attack every ship you see and raid it with little repercussions, if you are an assassin trying to make their way in the North East US in the times just before the American Revolution. Like all AC games, there are the silly Death Dialogues where you are forced to hunt down and kill your associates, friends and historical figures, while you stand over them and yell at them. There are the interruptions with "modern Abstergo" thrown in, requiring you to fulfill some annoying task which supposedly furthers the overall AC story arc I've never cared about, until you can go back to exploring the world. I guess that comes with the franchise.
But from a playability perspective, I like it more than any other title. EVERYTHING you have to do is easy (on PC) and straight forward. I say this because playing the others, I'm constantly irritated to things they've "added" or generally made harder or just more fiddley.
If they took the Rogue gaming engine, put it on the Black Flag theme, got rid of the Abstergo/Assasins/Templar plots and just let you create and play a pirate, they would have the perfect Pirate game. After exploring North America/River Lands, I would pay to purchase new maps, or "earn" them somehow to keep exploring, keep expanding, maybe into the Pacific and Med!
 

Major H4V0C [N]
45 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2020
Although this game has shorter story than Black Flag and 3 but I feel it much better than those two because the gameplay mechanic looks easy to play and there are a lot of side missions and activities to explore that can be found around 3 interesting different maps, naval combat also looks better especially the ship Morrigan has more powerful upgrades and abilities compared to previous ships like Jackdaw and Aquila, this one is something you can't missed if you're an Assassin's Creed fan so buy it when on sale
 

alvirza
157 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2017
Actually runs on PC.
 

Loafus Crambuckle
253 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2020
Great game really fun and twist on the the whole Assassin theme!
 

Vizic
14 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2021
its a relly good game
 

vanbaugh92
16 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
This is truly a Masterpiece man, I just loved the game so much that i can't forget it its in my mind all the time. This game is not just a normal Assasins Creed Game, in this game you will play as a Templer and that part where you fall from above and lands in a home where two aged people take your care is just amazingggg that's the part where the story takes a twist. The Graphics are also really goood, this sink 6 mission can be hard at first but you can later easily do it after few tries. The end aswell is sooooo good. This game will surely make you happy and you can experience a great time playing it. I Surely Recommend.
 

Gandhi Rahul
14 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
Pros
-Amazing storyline
-explains ac3 story and unity
-irish assassin
-decent controls
-short but sweet
-uses aspects of ac4 and ac3

Cons
-Some bugs here and there
-few bad voice actors but arent a huge problem
-graphics are old gen standard

Overall i loved the game i favourited it over unity because of how much the story intrigued me, assassin to templar ? sign me up the trailers got me hooked on this game and ubisoft gave us what we wanted a view on the other side, the story was short but sweet and was very well presented and featured some of the characters from previous games and future games which was cool i would highly recommend this game to any assassins creed fan!
9/10
 

TonZy
84 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
46.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 30, 2020
This is a great game. Shay was a lovely heroic main character, nice looking and with a pleasant Irish accent. I can totally understand why he joined the Templars. (His assasin boss made some really terrible decisions that led to absolute tragedy.)
I felt this game was a huge improvement on Black Flag. There were none of those awful tailing quests and frustrating moments in this game. There was an element of challenge when dealing with gang leaders and assassin grannys but not too much. I really enjoyed the renovation aspect of the game too and I ended up with loads of loot by the end so I was able to buy/unlock all the nice outfits for Shay.
I do think Shay deserved to meet a nice girl and settle down, that would have been the icing on the cake for me. :D
 

cell1e
107 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
242.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2018
For once ur on the right side of history
 

Le Corky
213 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2021
A very solid game with a very brutal main character going through hard times. You make a lot of money really quickly but I would advice against trying for an early game 100% because you won't get through the sequence locked naval missions else
 

Alwothyo
119 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
366.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2020
A lot of different things to do in this game. You have your land based missions, filled with assorted things to do, that supplement the main game objectives that they send you on. I love open world games like this, that let you go and explore. You can go looking for animus pieces, chests, cave paintings, and so on. You can find Templar maps that will lead you to buried treasures, and eventually to a set of armor, if I am not mistaken. It has a great combat system and climbing controls, that do on occasion, glitch, but otherwise work brilliantly. Then you have a ship at your command. You also have a fleet. Though the fleet battles lack the excitement of the open naval battles that you can do with your ship, they are strategically fun. This game is so similar to Black Flag, that if you loved that game, you will also love this one!

See if you can be as ruthless a pirate as me.
 

captaincaffeine
16 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2020
Pros of this game :
1) Excellent story telling and character development
2) Different types and more challenging types of side quests than other AC games which came before this title.
3) Excellent locations which had been unexplored in AC games before.
4) Play for the old school Assassin's creed experience.
5) The story links AC III, Liberation, AC IV, Freedom Cry and AC Unity timelines and storylines.
6) Much more challenging legendary ship battles than AC IV: Black flag.
Cons :
1) Doesn't add much to it's predecessor AC IV : Black Flag or Freedom cry, with pretty much the same gameplay mechanics.
2) Main sequences are too less (6), story could have been bigger considering how good it is.
3) Too many pointless collectibles strewn across maps (especially Animus fragments, cave paintings and chests which doesn't add much in terms of upgrades as well as story.)
 

pritish.patra
42 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 26, 2018
One of the best game in AC series. Story digs a lot. To understand the proper trill i recommend to play all other AC games according to the series before playing Rogue. AC Rogue is the 7th installment of the AC series
 

Dark_Ranzer
73 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2017
probably the best assassins creed game ever made. especially the last mission is just mind blowing. this game is totally worth buying.
 

niklasZ
188 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2015
This game is basically everything that is fun about assassins creed into one big mash up of assassinate that dude!
 

Daggermouth
425 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2017
felt super badass when I learned that I could do double assassinations and freaked out and got yelled at for being loud

10/10
 

ethan
277 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2016
Not as good as i thought it would be. Had a great start, but begins to fall off and become more boring after Shay turns to the templars. Im really fed up with sailing and honestly think there was too much of it in this game. It felt kinda milked. Even tho it still had enjoyable moments and new enjoyable mechanics so i will recommend this.
 

Mypowerbob
257 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
99.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2015
I have no words for ubisoft.. 60 FPS on ultra settings? Great story that reminds me of good old AC 2, Revelations? This really doesnt seems like game from "new" ubisoft does it? But its actually true.. this game was released the same day as unity was, but unity was just as piece of crap, which wasnt even working well, and you were lucky if you got 30 FPS on LOW. But here it is completely different. As i said, 60 FPS on ultra was a great shock for me, since i have played AC IV right before and i hardly got 15-20 FPS on ultra. Then the story was great, playing as a templar is just fun, and it is showing us why main character Shay went "rogue" very good. Only con for me is that the story was short.. 8-10 hours.. However, thats the only thing i can point out. It was totally worth 30€ i have put into it. Cheers

//EDIT: Played twice now, but i still think that i would like to play again later.
 

whiskeY_
65 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
gamepay wise, i love it

BUT it seems to hate my MSI afterburner and gaming app that i use with my MSI GTX 980 (ftw), so im hoping that gets patched - lay off me, i like the filters that MSI have built into their app

ay b0ss
 

Centurion
382 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
What AC3 should have been. Basically, if AC3 and AC: Black Flag had a baby, this would be it. The score is amazing and the optimization for PC is actually surprisingly well done for Ubisoft. I'm ruinning max settings at 4k with my GTX 680 and averaging 60+ fps. The Open world naval combat was my favorite thing about Black Flag, and I'm glad they brought it to the frigid waters of the American North Atlantic. If your a fan of the series, I'd definitely reccomend picking this title up, even if you're still weary over Unity and AC3.
 

BootlegBeer -Klutz-
470 products in account
4
28 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2021
Review not about this game now i already beat it 100% in uplay couple of years ago
Uplay license account if you wondering

too ez 
A Screenshot of
By: 𝖟𝖍𝖎𝖙𝖍𝖊𝖆𝖉

It's about aftertaste of this game and whenever you should buy it or not based on my unpleasant experience and i want maximum affect your choice or at least get fun

i wanted to buy this part to complete kenaway trilogy to replay in steme
But it always something with ubisoft
I bought deluxe knowing that all dlc are trash but ok
i thought and decided take them to have maximum from this game

But here is the catch

Notice: Purchases made in this region will only receive the Russian language

F*ckin bastards this is pains me deeply i hate my native language
And especially when it comes to video games or movies and tv shows

I take it as a huge insult

Yeah i admit i'm dumb for not noticing or i just wanted to buy it cause i was excited and did not notice
But that's ridiculous if steme can't give me a proper product
I'll have to turn to epic i checked epic have same price and english language besides buying in epic gives you are key which you can activate in uplay and play only in uplay after
I checked that with free syndicate

Update ON That: F*ck epic i thought epic was something special and new
But now it showed me exactly it's true face epic just same prostitute as all other ea ubi sh*t companies

I changed my mind now i won't try to buy it at all as all other ubi games
After all i have them enough in my library already
And those that i don't
i have syndicate in epic(uplay) and a little collection of uplay accounts with other games hehe
And of course russian store that sells uplay accounts for 20 rub it maybe 40 now xD

Anyway game was not that good anyway
collectables and exploring very same thing all around
with 6 sequence short plot this game worth nothing but 2 bucks
maybe it for best it'll save me money (YEP IT DID HEHE)
refund request already on the way ubisoft f*ck you

UPDATE: Refunded

And a recommendation to those who wants or think about buying it
I'd recommend it only to ac fans who liked black flag and ac3
And particularly who enjoys or suffer from ocd or collecting lol
As standalone game it's sucks big time


Second part of review lol)


Ok it was a few months from that after i refunded this russian crap
I replayed rogue again 100% on absolute pirate version downloaded from russian torrent
And you know what it played actually ok except for the fact that uplay items were not able to access that's a bugger but my last playthrough was through bought uplay account again from russian site for 20rub and it played wonderful for 20 rub hehe f*ck you ubi

Ok here is my final opinion review of this simulator of the game

IT just worst sh*t ever after ac liberation in all aspects

Please believe me i played all normal ac games through 1-4 several times 3 times each at least

It Unshameful colecting simulator with a story motivated by hating assassins and nothing else what? unrealised to full potential game as always=( ubi why not? we need to release games each year and fans? ha ha they will buy it and they ask even more they so good doggies here bois good toys play and pay and dlc too enjoy))

Let me tell you right version of the story

Idiot turned rogue not because it's right but because he is a f*ckin coward and a traitor
As i said earlier game is made to hate assassins because kids all over the world want to be a bad boy for once aren't it?
But Shay is not a bad boy he actually just nothing. Nothing but Traitorous dog and collecting sh*t all arounf atlantic and terrible river valley

In gameplay part it's basically copy of black flag with improvements such as puckle gun well optimisation for once! and that's it other part of the game is total boring bullsh*t

I feel like an idiot even to admit to public that i even completed this trash 2 times on 100%

If there will be a third time i'll update this revieeeeeeeeew

PLS I BEG YOU DONT BUY IT
 

𝖟𝖍𝖎𝖙𝖍𝖊𝖆𝖉
1,397 products in account
4
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 14, 2021
This game very well could have been a DLC for black flag. Maybe 40 hours worth of game if you max out everything you can do. It was enjoyable to play, the story is the best part, its cool seeing the colonial assassins before their fall, before Connor. Wait for it to go on sale, an important chapter in the AC franchise but not worth full price as it should have been a DLC for AC 4: Black Flag. The mechanics and visuals are just clones and re-skins of AC 4: Black Flag.
 

WBG-Lieutenant, L.T Smash
225 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2020
Finally, we can start getting rid of those elitist Assassins!
 

Flock of Geese
120 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 17, 2016
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1 of the best AC´s ever
 

MaTTTingerr
212 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
55.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2020
It feels like a drag. The plot is not very engaging and it just comes down to wanting to complete most things. :-/
 

Jule
214 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2017
Easily one of the best AC games, certainly story wise. And yet the gameplay is so fun you can play tens of hours after the story.
 

Pigs for Pepperoni
166 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
181.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
all killer no filler 10/10 AC pirate sailing simulator 2
 

gunnrunnr
228 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2018
AWESOME! Sure it's Black Flag 2, but so far my favorite of the series since AC2. Naval battles feel more polished and more fair. The grenade launcher is legit. Love the story, I don't think the assassins are that bad - they just don't believe Shay's story so they're doing their own thing. Game feels really big. Renovation system means you'll always be flush. 61 hours with some side quests.
 

SenselessNoise
282 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2017
Assassin's Creed: Rouge

100% Completion

58 hours of playtime

The Good

+ More, arguably improved ship combat. The icebreaker is sick. The oil slicks are cool. Pickle-guns are improved. Enemies can board your ship. Black Flag, eat your heart out.

+ Great aesthetic of the ship; and yes, this is important, because you'll be looking at it 99% of the time you're playing.

+ Employs the Assassin's Creed regular, clickclickclick combat, but with some noticed improvements. I liked the dart gun/grenade launcher, though. The poision gas is pretty brutal. It feels like the Templars are more advanced than the Assassins, which I like.

+ The story, I strongly believe, is one of the best parts of the game- easily. Playing as a Templar is extremely fun. In fact, if this game's intention to trick the player to like the Templars, they did a fantastic job. I played Unity after this, and it was tough rooting for Arno for the first half of the game (until the Templar leader turned into a crazed psychopath).

+ Shay is a great, complex character that truly doesn't believe in either side's morals, and does what he feels is right. After he decimates an entire city messing about with Precourser technology, he's traumatized- as he comes back to the Homestead, he's visibly shaken, and this tragic event shapes his actions for the rest of the game.

+ Love the pre-revolution setting. Political tensions are written into the story subtley, and it ties in well with Assassin's Creed III.

+ The simple fact that you visit the homestead as it was before Connor arrived is just cool as hell.

+ The mindless lust for power the Assassin's had thanks to Achilles is elaborated further in this game. In Assassin's Creed III, he mentions why the destruction of the Homestead and dilapidation of the Assassin Order in the Northeast is his fault. Now, we see why. It completes his character arc.

+ Assassin interceptions are fun, and a good add (until they got repeditive).

+ Two wildly different locations to sail and explore about- the Arctic, and the Riverlands. They look visually appealing as ever, and sailing through scenic rivers in the Morrigan is always a pleasure.

+ While some have complained about serious bugs, I can't recall experiencing any.

+ The plot device of Shay having to kill his former "friends" helps greatly in staying engaged with the story.

+ Big ship boss battles or "Legendary Ships" are even tougher in this game than in Black Flag.

+ Love the outfits. Customization is always a nice bonus.

The Eh

I don't really have any minor problems. It's either good or bad in this game.

The Bad

- Short. Short as hell. Really, really short.

- REPEDITIVE. Repeditive missions, repeditive gameplay, repeditive combat.

- I'd rather die than chore over all the little collectables again.

- The world, for as pretty as it is, feels... empty. There's nothing but the need to 100% this game that makes me want to explore and traverse the ocean and rivers.

I wish this game was longer, was worked on for longer, and had more stuff to do (and I'm NOT talking about collectables).

70/100, not exactly worth full price, but get it on sale for at least 25% off. It'll sufficently entertain you for 20-60 hours, depending on how insane you are.
 

muscular poops
644 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
This honestly is what Unity should have been: evolutionary iteration instead oftrying to do next-gen and failing. No major bug issues, performance is golden, all in all, a great addition to the AC franchise. If you like Black Flag, this is the next step.

 

theUltimo
1,647 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2015
Ubisoft did a great job with this one and I was so happy to see reoccurring characters from other games like haythum adawale and akillies, I am disopointed that they didn't even add new fighting animations they just took the same animations from black flag, the story was very interesting and the air rifle is beast. over all this game boosted my faith in the assassins creed franchise and I needed a boost, especially after unity
 

Dat Boi
113 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2020
Assasins Creed: Rogue is a side story that ties into some events that are related to Black Flag, Liberation, AC3 and even . It does what no other AC game did and puts you on the other side of the war and giving the player a look into the templars objective and views making you understand their part of the story. Even though you could say its more of the same, I quite enjoyed getting through the story and being a completionist in this game.
 

LucasXru
429 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2020
Never share our secrets nor divulge in the true nature of our work.
 

Lokang
402 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2021
its a really cool game
 

Panchitoj2
5 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2016
hey that's pretty good
 

ye
98 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 21
awesome game. only downside is that you have to help the french at the start
 

oualidezzoubeidi
2 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2021
Great side story in the series that ties in the events of AC 3, 4 and Unity. New combat mechanics are a welcome addition to the game.

Some of the characters don't quite grab your attention, but overall you play this entry for its place as a meeting point for three different games in the series. Definitely worth a play.

PS) The last mission may bug out at some point with you being stuck mid-mission in a perpetual black screen. The fix is simple, just reload last your checkpoint (not memory) and it should go back to normal.
 

[TD] Salah-Al-Din
193 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 20
"Uphold the principles of our order and all that for which we stand, never share our secrets nor divulge the true nature of our work. Do so, until death - whatever the cost. This is my new creed. I am Shay Patrick Cormac, Templar of the Colonial... of the American rite. I am an older man now, and perhaps wiser. A war and a revolution have ended, and another is about to begin. May the father of understanding guide us all"
That's how you end a game,one of the most underrated Ac games.

Also Escape from Lisbon is one of the gretaest action sequences i have ever seen in a video game
 

Serbanfrommars
65 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2015
This game is quickly becoming my favourite Assassins's Creed game to date, a true hidden gem in the series, Although shorter than your average AC game, the gameplay more than makes up for this. Think of this game as more of a Black Flag 2.0 with improved ship combat and great addtions to on foot content. This game did the impossible and made the out of amimus sections actually enjoyable with exploring the depths of Abstergo Entertainment collecting lore about the series and characters in it. Overall this game is definatly worth a play, a fantastic budget price AC game.
 

Standard.
227 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2019
Nice change of pace for the story of Assassins creed. Very refreshing to see it from the templar side and rise actual questions from past games.

Gameplay is pretty basic and plays like Black Flag did. Very short for an Assassins Creed game. Had a few issues with bugs that caused me to reload a few missions in the end.

But honestly I had a blast playing this one and enjoyed the story and how it was presented. I highly suggest playing this game before playing Unity.
 

Waddles
3,631 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2019
- Uphold the principles of our order and all that for which we stand. Never share our secrets nor divulge the true nature of our work. Do so until death - whatever the cost. This is my new creed. I am Shay Patrick Cormac, Templar of the Colonial... of the American rite. I am an older man now, and perhaps wiser. A war and a revolution have ended, and another is about to begin. May the Father of Understanding guide us all.
 

ARIZONA
180 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2019
The game Assassin's Creed Freedom Cry should have been.

Rogue plays a lot like Black Flag, but in the North Atlantic instead. Its setting partially overlaps Assassin Creed 3's, and it has characters from the last handful of games. While Rogue can be considered a prequel to 3, it should be played after 3, Black Flag and Freedom Cry to avoid spoilers.

This game looked worse than the previous handful of games, and it had almost as many bugs as 3. That said, I found Rogue to be more fun than the rest. After how short Freedom Cry was, I was also glad to see this was a full sized game requiring ~60 hours to achieve 100%. If I was to replay any of the games, it would most likely be this one. I only wish the assassin hunts were longer and involved more stalking... They played second fiddle to the plot. Then again, that's how the Templars did things in previous games too.
 

Akhazir
418 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 8
First off, I did not come here from Black Flag I'm not a fan of the ship battles, They are not what makes Assassin's Creed, Assassin's Creed. With that said I can say I really enjoyed the story of Shay and the way this character was made to make you feel apart of his life as well and why he made the decisions he made. Game play was amazing (Not as amazing as other titles but none the less) I can 100% say I recommend the game to anybody who is on the fence about buying it. I will continue to play this game and thoroughly finish the game. At the time of writing this review I've only done the story and that takes 14 hours to complete for stealth and careful planning. I enjoyed every aspect of the game and I hope others will too.
 

King of Shadows
246 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2016
For anyone who is a fan of the STORY of Assassin's Creed, this game is very significant. Rogue ties into Assassin's Creed III, Black Flag, and Unity (Won't say how). That said for anyone who is interested in a new take on GAMEPLAY, don't bother. This game is essentially Black Flag with snow. Shay says all the same things as Edward when he commands his ship The Morrigan. The crew sounds exactly the same, even the shanties are EXACTLY THE SAME.

Despite all of these things, I still enjoyed Rogue. It is still worth picking up if nothing else for the sake of basically playing through another Black Flag.

Overall, good gameplay, actually very good story, just was not fresh or new enough to stand out as a truely different game than Black Flag. Go ahead, pick it up, but don't be surprised if playing Rogue just makes you want to replay Black Flag.
 

Regaman
261 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2021
Old but Gold
A game that is quite easy to learn and very fun with a lot to do.

One of the more interesting Assassin's Creed games I've ever played, the story is very interesting which makes the game more fun to play.

You are offered a very large world where you can do everything from boating to running. Really love waging war between the boats and it is awesome that you can also develop your boat.

The game has a very shady graphics, I have played both Unity and Rogue and the graphics on Rogue are much worse than the graphics on Unity which is a bit difficult.

A short summary of the game is that it is fun and easy.
If I were to give the game a rating from 1 to 10, I would give it a 7.5!
 

liamo
13 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2015
ACC.exe has stopped working.
 

[LOST]Sworlimos
69 products in account
5
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2020
underrated AC, really nice game, specially if you played AC 4 too. Only thing it bothers me its the ubisoft launcher and no achievements
 

Glass
345 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
57.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2020
80/100 overall good, but stiff..
Playthrough: ~50 hours, if you collect 90%+

>>>Scroll down for AC-series Overview<<<

The Game is split into Seafights+Exploration and the traditional City-Crawling in NewYork
Compared to the older games the story is lacking sometimes.
Also, more often then not, the missions feel constructed and forced..
Similar to AC:3 with Ship-combat like AC4:BlackFlag


PRO:
"""""""
- Great Scenery and Atmosphere!!
- Breathtaking vivid world
- solid Combat-mechanics(!) with dozens of special moves (.. learning curve^^)


CON + Annoying Things:
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
- A ton(!) of Jump´n Run for the Collectibles (esp. North America)
- Abstergo interrupts (run around, boot servers)
- "Legendary Ship Battle" is impossible unless you have the Ship maxed
- After becoming Templar, the british soldiers still attack you on a roof (even your own HQ.. lol)
- Missions are quite linear.. often only one way to win ;(
- halfway through the game I didn´t need money anymore (ended up ~1million)
- Renovation is a huge TIMESINK plus costs a lot, but the money is not really needed ;((
- The whole FLEET thing has no real impact, rather a sidegame ;(


SUMMARY:
->> After finishing with almost 1 million gold, all resources 1200-2000 and 95% of the maps cleared.. I have a rather mixed feeling, also about this end. Then, after the 10min Ubisoft credits, back in NewYork to play in endless mode.. lol
Buy in SALE!!

***************************************************
Curious about other Assassin´s Creed -titles worth a buy ??
Here you go..

For me.. the original AssassinsCreed was nice, but restricted, that´s why I´d only suggest it to hardcore-fans that played at least AC:2 + Brotherhood ;)
AC:2 +DLCs (Ezio Trilogy) was by far the best experience.
AC:3 was pale.. took me time to enjoy playing with axes and some combat-decisions.
AC:4 is just great out of the box. Plays similar to Ezio-Trilogy plus additional ships, cannons and seafights. Also the big majority of the AC-playerbase loved it...
AC:Rogue feels like the optimized version of AC:4.. just way more exploration instead of occupying a city ;)

Now.. AC:Unity failed very hard when it released.. it had tons of issues. Actually, I just bought it recently in SALE, but it feels forced.. also combat is quite bad - at least not enjoyable.

AC:Syndicate delivers what everyone was waiting for.. not perfectly, but quite well. The story, the setting, it´s just fun to play. Also seems it was the last real AssassinsCreed game worth of the name ^^

And the latest ACs are just overprized and don´t even run 60fps in high/very high unless you invest a fortune. Even my 1 year old Geforce (already Turing) has trouble in 1080p.. this is a joke. Gameplay-wise the new titles are also more ShadowsOfMordor 1+2 than real stealthy killing.
AC:Origins plays very different and does not really feel like AC anymore. Stealth is a joke!
AC:Odyssey is a worse version of AC:4.. only a different setting and new combat mechanics ;(
AC:Valhalla ..well, as it shows, it will be another flop.. ;((
 

wespe___o=/;;;:*
203 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2016
AC: Rogue was an enjoyable title, the gameplay and feel was very much like ACIV, another fantastic title. Rogue felt like an extension of ACIV, and it maintained my interest in the mechanics of the previous game.

Story:
Our story begins with Shay, an assassin who is a pupil of Aquilles, the assassin who teaches us in ACIII. An action by the assassins severs Shay's trust in them and begins his descent toward the Templar side. On our way we begin to understand more about the Templars and really see the other side of the coin. The present day storyline is still present, and we still play as the same Abstergo employee from ACIV. This time we're given even more backstory and introduced to a few new characters that bring us closer to understanding the Templars.

Gameplay:
The gameplay is just like ACIV, with a few new gimmicks and weapons for our character and ship. The part I enjoyed most was the range that the Air Rifle introduced. Taking down an entire compound with it was very easy and fun to do, though it did make fights too easy and took away the challenge of having to hide in haystacks and around corners like in ACII. Also from ACIV we don't have 4 pistols anymore, only 2. We maintain our 2 swords and many other weapons like the rope darts, berserk/sleep darts. and of course our hidden blades. A few new additions are added into the game, such as an enemy type that strikes quickly and quietly like an assassin would, but the game makes it easy to find and kill these enemies if you pay attention. Also there are gang compounds which you can clear out and take over in order to access your fleet and bank. The ship combat is pretty similar to ACIV with some new ship additions and we still have "Legendary Battles."

Bugs/glitches/What I hated
AMD GPU users are at a loss with this game, something caused the game to crash as soon as the story was launched if the environment setting was set beyond normal even if your GPU is more than capable of running the game. This title still suffers from the age old AC problem in which your character will sometimes not respond to commands and plummet to his death instead of jumping to a nearby ledge. One of my favorite glitches was with an assassin we had to kill falling into the ocean and his marker sinking and sinking until I had to restart the mission. Some of the things I hated include the large amounts of animus fragments and the fact that gang HQs really gave no advantage and were just another way for you to see your fleet and visit the bank. There really weren't many new outfits, cool guns, or swords either.

Final verdict:
Get this game if you enjoyed ACIV and would like more of that great ship combat, this is a very solid title and defenitely should be picked up on sale. It adds just enough to feel like it's own story but is pretty plain when compared to ACII or ACIV. I enjoyed playing this game and had fun with it, maybe you will too.
 

Foxtrot
70 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2018
If you enjoyed ACIV: Black Flag you'll enjoy AC Rogue as well. I don't know if the remastered version is on PC but I would purchase that version where possible.
 

xPVTx
39 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
143.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
100% completion after 18 days. Main game is short, and the water looks more fake than the Black Flag. But the story is more interesting, the ship got better steering and combat experience, and hiding assassins makes running around less boring. To me, this is the best AC game since the Revelation.
 

Apollo
303 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2015
If only Ubisoft had further refined this tried and tested formula for their next gen game rather than released Unity 3/4 done, who knows what would of happened. Anyways, Rogue is a further refined version of Black Flag, with a fun, gorgeous, and expanded naval section and the same Creed land based stealth we've grown to love (or hate). For me, as one who loves the classic AC experience and adored what AC3 and BF did with the Naval parts, this game is the true next-gen sequel in place of Unity. While Rogue visuals aren't quite as detailed on land as Unity, the sea and ships are stunning. And while Rogue doesn't let you crank up the visuals like Black Flag did to show off its lush jungles, in exchange, you get a vastly smoother experience. Black Flag was very difficult to keep running at 30-45fps without the aid of 3rd party drivers and while I can't speak for Unity's PC counterpart, I doubt it eclipsed 30fps on console or PC in its first few months. Rogue, on the other hand has not dropped below 59fps in my 20+ hours so far (i5 4690k, gtx970) and the few visual options it does offer do make look very pretty indeed.
In short, if you're a fan of Black Flag and are looking for it's true successor, then look no further..
 

BigxRedx
538 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2016
"ACC.EXE HAS STOPPED WORKING"

I can play for about fifteen minutes before this crashes the game completely for me, and NONE of the possible fixes I could find online or think to try myself (there are literally over a dozen I tried) have even helped in the slightest. I have a brand new gaming computer that's fairly decent, too, so it's not like it's an issue with an old rig. I can run Witcher 3 on Ultra with no issues whatsoever.

To boot, all this troubleshooting just to play the game for more than half a mission has racked me more than the 2 hours max that Steam allows for a refund. I'm even more upset that I received this as a pre-Christmas gift, bought at full price, and then bought myself the extra content at full price, and won't be getting a refund for myself OR my gifter. I specifically put Rogue on my Wishlist INSTEAD of Unity because of all the issues Unity has had!

The game is excellent when it stays up, very fun to play. But with the current state of the crashes, the fact that SO many people seem to be having this problem as well and Ubisoft has not helped anyone with this problem since they're now moved on to Syndicate, I cannot stress that if you're thinking of buying this DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.

Again:

DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, THIS MAY NOT EVEN WORK FOR YOU.

-10/10 Would not recommend to anyone with these ridiculous crashes.
 

hail
295 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2017
To be honest I only bought this game becuase it was on sale. The game is very similar to AC Black Flag howver it doesnt't have the same good graphics. The story is mediocre but it has its moments. It was a fresh idea to see an assasin revert to a Templar especially since this time you actually start with the assasins faction in the story unlike Haytham kenway.

Also seeing old characters we love from different assasins creed games was a nice touch reminding us how the stories sometime actually meet at some point in time. Be warned though, the graphics is something to yearn for, which is sad that they didn't up the graphics for PC.
 

Ghost of Olympus
60 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2017
Possibly the best AC series I have played.
 

ysundawa
36 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2020
One of the most optimized game of ubisoft
 

CHIKU LINGA
19 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2015
"Too much water 10/10 - IGN"

I love the water in this game, this may be the best water i've experienced in a game, and not just how it looks but how the waves and sea move around and how it affects your ship, best water ever.

Black Flag was the first Assassins Creed i actually wanted to play in the series that i went and played the first one and the second one and half of brotherhood before i gave up and just watched the cut scenes up to Black Flag on youtube. The first is ok but really hard towards the end, seriously that one has some frustrating sword combat, which is amazing considering the cakewalk the combat become in all subsequent games. The second one has the most rounded and fulfilling story and gameplay.

Then after that one Ubisoft f*cked the modern story sections where you played as Desmond. I'm glad i didn't bother playing revelations or 3. Black Flag was the only game before Rogue that i actually really enjoyed and that i didn't have to force myself to play, and that is mainly due to it being a pirate game first and an Assassins Creed game second.

Rogue is now my favourite Creed game, it has slightly more refined ship to ship combat than Black Flag, and they added smoke effects after you fire your cannons, so you can't see sh*t in front of you, which forces you to use tactics and change position rather than just sit in one spot firing your cannon balls. It also has mainly wintery enivronments as opposed to Black Flags tropical ones.

The other cool thing is that this is the first Creed game that has your character join the Templars, so you see most of the game from their point of view which is really cool. There is also one part that without spoiling it caught me completely off guard, i actually can't remember the last time a game had an event happen that genuinely surprised me and was also f*cking awesome.

If you have never played a Creed game before then start with Black Flag and then this one. These two games still have all the building climbing and assassinations of the other games, but also when you get bored of doing that you can sail around blowing ships out of the water and harpooning sharks and killer whales to your hearts content.
 

Conker
820 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2020
good game very cool
 

ドマー
111 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2017
Better than Unity.
 

RogueRequest
450 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2019
I played through this game on my PS3 before I bought it for my PC. I absolutely adored the story-line, and it explains a lot of things that have happened before Connor Kenway's plot, and it sets up the reason for Arno's plotline as well. I do know a lot of people don't like it for the simple things, but as someone who sat and paid attention to the story lines, I fell in love with Shay Cormac and his reasons of being a Templar. So please, give this game a shot if you haven't already and enjoy the Irish lad.
 

Mint Tea
87 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2015
After recently playing Unity and being extremely disappointed. I'm pleased to say Rogue has been amazing so far! Great fresh story line, in-depth real world story line outside of the animus (as opposed to Unity's bland nothingness) and naval combat is back!

Alot of good parts from AC 3 & Black Flag seem to have made it into this game along with having an interesting Main character in Shay, (hes not a French Ezio *Cough* Arno *Cough*) I'm really enjoying Rogue. Can't wait to finish it this week.

Way better than Unity.
 

Orimis
149 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2018
One of the better Assassin's Creed games after the first few classic ones. The Arctic world is really beautiful with so much to discover. The only downside is that after playing Black Flag, the sailing thing can get a bit repetitive. They introduce a new fleet system, in addition to a renovation system, these two together do flood you in gold however which is not the best thing. All in all, one of the best AC games I have played thus far.
 

easyrules
471 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
256.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 13
All of the AC games are awesome. I am partial to this one as the sailing element is endless entertainment in and by itself. Great historical figures, throughout! Even an appearance by the amazing Ben Franklin!
 

Wynterstrike
31 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2020
Rating: 8,5/10
Similar to Black Flag but I think this is better.
 

♛ NoScope ♛
86 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2020
More naval combat
 

General
83 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
Awesome game, lots of naval action and swordy swordy touchy touchy. Graphics are nice too.

9.5 coconuts out of 10

-Cons-

You must have a controller as keyboard/mouse = unplayable
 

Jambo
213 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2016
Assassin's Creed 4 on drugs
 

Dōb
237 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2018
I enjoyed this games story and concept a lot, and I have more fun playing through this game more than blackflag
 

Delighted
476 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
115.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2017
Best Assassin's Creed game ever.
 

DocSheepdog
207 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2021
I really like the story cause it really expands on Haytham's life and Shay is a really good character. The combat is extremely similar to black flag and I felt the ship combat was more refined. It's definitely worth playing imo.
 

Zakattack905
26 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2015
I've played all of the Assassin's Creed games and I have to say, this is the best Assassin's Creed game I've played since Brotherhood, but I cannot deny that this game is VERY buggy and was, no doubt, rushed (It is made by Ubisoft after all).
The parkour system in this game is, by far, the worst it's ever been, it has the same basis as Black Flag but the terrain was not polished at all. There are alot of places that look climbable but they're actually not, they are found mainly in the islands. While they are not that common in big towns, like Albany, New York, etc.. You will be spending most of your time on the islands and not in the main cities. You can see how bad the parkour system is when you have to chase someone, or something, like a shanty for example. Having said that, I don't really care for parkour in AC games, that's why it's not a big deal for me.

The combat is pretty much the same thing as it was in Black Flag, even though Shay has a new type of weapon (sword and dagger) it's basically the same thing with one or two new animations slapped on so you can't say it's just a reskin. Shay has reduced health and can't take many hits even with max upgrades, which makes Blazing your way through a fortress filled with snippers, dozens of armed men,grenadiers and captains slightly harder... It is still very possible and easy to do so though.

The naval battles have changed a bit, for example, heavy shot and mortars in Black Flag used to be all you needed to win, atleast that's how I did it. Here... Not so much, those weapons are pretty much just as effective as the rest of them.
The explosive barrels (Not sure what they were called in English, I only know their name in my language) have been replaced with fire...Fire... On the sea, it is not explained why you can leave a blazing trail of glorious fire on the sea.
Regardless, it's just as useless as it was in Black Flag... I think they tried to make the combat a bit more challenging, because I did notice the enemies became a tad stronger and more resistant to my attacks, I've only seem that in the lesser ships though, e.g: schooners to brigs, beyond that they are really easy to take down, in fact the Men 'o War are ridiculously easy to destroy and board, hell, even the legendary ships were a walk in the park. Having said that, I think they were just as fun, epic and awesome as the previous game.

Stealth mechanics are the same as Black Flag, but enemies sometimes do have x-ray vision and can spot you through a wall a mile away, snipers will sometimes shoot you through the wall... That's all I have to talk about for stealth.

New mechanics: Most of what I'm about to tell you is not explained in the game, you have to go to the tutorial section and look for them there.
There's a new elevator system, basically it's 3 walls made of wood where Shay will just wall jump his way to the top in the worst animated way ever, there is also 2 hooks connected through a wire between rooftops so you can do basically what you did in revelations to go around slightly faster, just so you can't complain that the cities are too sparse, you can sometimes swing from a rope to another building like you used to do on your boat. You can renovate buildings that are spread around the map, that increases your income, when you renovate all of them you get an achievement, an abstergo challenge and a ugly sword with good stats. When you renovate the buildings you'll most of the times not even see the difference, it will look just as run down as before, there is also a thing called prosperity rewards, it means when you collect five of them you get a boost to goods you salvage of boarded ships and to your income which brings me to the final new mechanic: Income. Every 20 minutes you get an X ammount of money depending how much prosperity,buildings you renovated and settlements/areas you've freed. At first it's a miserable ammount, but by the end you'll be swimming in money.

You also have your fleet which you can capture ships and send them there so they can complete missions and earn you rewards, like money,figureheads,sails,collectibles,wheel,swords,pistols,and,outfits. At first the missions will be really short, like 10 minutes or so to complete a mission, but in the later levels, like 20 and up it will take you nearly 2 hours JUST to complete one mission, this is specially bad when you've got nothing to do and you're just waiting for the timer to tick down. This is just an excuse that Ubisoft got to make the game seems longer than what it actually is. Which brings me to my next point: Game length.This game is VERY short. I have completed EVERYTHING to do in the North Atlantic, completed the main story, did all the side quests collected 62 abstergo challenges, collected every costume but two, got all the upgrades for both Shay and the Morrigan, got every sword but two, collected all the pistol sets,took down every gang HQ, every settlement, every fort, discovered every location,got all the templar maps,completed all assassin interceptions,all legendary ships, almost every hunting challenge. renovated almost every building and completed every single naval mission and I've only played 28.6 hours. It would be even shorter if Ubisoft didn't make you collect a ridiculous ammount of stuff just to unlock an outfit or whatever.

This game is a very good port. When I try to run Black Flag I get about 40fps at 768p on medium, but here I can turn it up to ultra on 768p and I play at a constant 60fps and the games have the same spec requirements, sometimes, when you're in a very intense situation with alot of ships, smoke everywhere, everyone firing, it can dip to 40fps-ish. But other than that, you're fine

In conclusion, this game is very fun and addicting, there were times where I would be up until 6 a.m playing this game. If you're a person that enjoys these games for the parkour, jumping around and climbing everything like a monkey or you just cannot tolerate glitches that break immersion on your game then this game is not for you. However if you're looking for a fun pirate game, with some awesome combat mechanics and don't mind having your character flip out, jump into the clouds or killing someone and they looking like ragdolls flying everywhere then this game is for you

 

Alexandre
450 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
46.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2015
Well, I can not in good conscience recommend the game.

First of all, there are no improvement over black flag, if anything, it is a lot worse.

The map designs are as bad as they are in most AC games, unfortunately. Free running, but only on paths the level designer allow. So, you end up in many spots, where the ground is just above your knees, and you can neither climb, or jump. You can however take the long way around, which the level designer decided was the only option.

At least, it does not have all those stupid dancers/fighters for hire :).

It does however, suffer from AC1 syndrome, which is grind... Blackflag was grindy, but the amount remained reasonable, coupled with the ship/pirating which was kinda new(with the boarding mixed with all other naval stuff going on). Rogue does not benefit from this "new feeling", on top of this, the map is a LOT bigger than AC4 it seems... sound good right? Well, not so much. When you have only about 5 things you can do, but you need to do them, a LOT. That is grind, it's not enjoyable. AC1 had the same issue imo...

The game also suffers, like most AC games, from consoleportization, an unfortunately common disease these days... As such, every climbable points, will look exactly the same, as usual in AC games I guess. Once you've seen the 3 or 4 possible climbable textures, well, you know how it goes in other AC games... I wish they'd reworkd the maps and textures, pc's are not console, they can handle a little variety... please, enough with level designs made entirely of copy/paste from like 20 items :(.

So the levels feels a lot like AC3/4 materials, slightly altered, and off you go. It does not feel like they bothered to design new models or textures. If they have, the addition is invisible.

The voice acting from the non cinematics is atrocious. If you do not speak french, you'll probably be sorta ok. If you speak french, prepare to be annoyed very quickly... The npc's keeps repeating the same 2 sentences, over and over and over and over and over... It is utterly ridiculous, and there is no immersion at all. AC4 felt a lot better on this point imo. This is particularly bad after helping out soldiers in those mini battlefield side activities. At the end of the fight, they just keep saying there'll be double ration, the captain is an idiot, and we won, non stop, forewer it seems :S. I am hoping it is just a bug, and will be fixed, as it is truly annoying. NPC's in towns/villages also seem to do it, with their not so random chatter, it is breaking the poor amount of immersion there is.

In short, they ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it up :)

I'm nowhere near done with the story, because the game bores me so much, it is actually hard to finish it, due to boredom.

A new "activity' was added, which consist of helping soldier in small battles. You'll get a couple of different objectives, which includes destroy something (one or more), kill the captain, and cut the flag. So, same as a boarding, except it happens in a forest... and this is where it screws things up... to cut the flag, you need to be anoymous, while the flag is usually surrounded with enemies... PRoblem is, if the allies all die, you loose and have to wait to a reset... which means, because they are usually utterly worthless, you'll have to run to the flag, and hope no enemies tags you, otherwise, you'll usually be screwed due to the AI being utterly stupid.

Couple of new weapons have been added, which are the same as before, but with a small AOE effect on them, so hardly "new" per say.

Another addition is "stalkers". Assassin's trying to kill you. While I understand the concept of it, they are simply annoying. While you're trying to hide from guards, or simply exiting a mission area, being surprised by a stalker is fairly annoying. I don't really like those, sure they fit the lore, but do they REALLY need to be that many virtually everywhere? I mean, 7 stalkers, in a non mission area, in a forest, with only 2 collectibles, no village nothing? They certainly want me dead if they're stalking virtually dead spots on the map just waiting for me... Once again, immersion breaking. It makes no sense that they can be present virtually anywhere, including in places only there to make the world seems larger, and are not included in the actual story :).

All in all, get it if it's on sale, as in a really good sale, like 75% or more, otherwise, don't waste your money :)
 

Squishy
600 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2016
It completes the story of assassins creed 3 black flag and opens your eyes to unity one of the best games i have played in a long time. 10/10
 

Galaxy
438 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2016
I shot a guy, who fell off a cliff and hit another guy, who fell off a tiny hill and hit another guy who turned around and said "What in the bloody hell was that?" 10/10, would play sarcastic English simulator again.
 

JamE
54 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2020
- low spec friendly
- you can explore the seas
- you can find penguins
- you can feel what enemies from previous games feels to be air assasinated, stabbed by hiddem blades and so on lol
 

Taiga
102 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
77.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2021
Assassin's Creed Black Flag: Benedict Arnold Edition
 

Altioren
109 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 17
A must play 10/10 amazing story, you get to play in the shoes of a templar and the game is connected to Assassin's creed unity
 

100% Ilu
246 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2017
ok
 

The Manager
137 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2015
SPOILER--------------------------------




-> ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up and destroyed Lisbon. Blamed it on the Assassins. Joined the Templars. 10/10
 

setius
86 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
This is the type of game we should have gotten when AC3 came along.

Graphics are nothing to awe at, (It is very much a console port, and its very clear at times, even at max settings) though it does have its moments and Is by no means 'ugly'.

Optimized really well for a change, even better than Black Flag (For me, anyway).

Story is a nice change, and the mix of both old and new-ish AC game mechanics work fine.

All in all, a nice step back In the right dirrection.
 

Murloc Holmes
138 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
Stay away if you are using a 16"10 or a 21:9 aspect ratio monitor. Video is unplayable because of the letterboxing. First response from ubisoft was to change the screen resolution. No. How about you fix the resolution bug.
 

DE Dan
199 products in account
3
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2016
Maybe this game is saddest part of Assassin's creed history BUT, Its also one of the best parts. Shay have find out truth about Assassin's (only in this game are Assassin's the bad guys), so he decided to leave.

+ Story
+ Gameplay
+ Big map
+ Ships
+ Great dialogs
+ Extremely good optimalization, even on wooden PC, I can run it well

- Some little bugs
- Short main story line

[9/10]
 

RaZy77
313 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2016
If you don't mind the fact that this will be approximately the 3.5th time that you are playing invariably the same game, Rogue offers a nice slice of AC lore to fans of the series.
 

Rivereyes
1,068 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2021
good game
 

tt808x
37 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2018
Black Flag 2, but you get to play as the bad guys and it's really cold
 

Xaine
107 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2018
Absolutely stunning game. I completed the story in about 14 hours, which really isn’t that much. To be honest, I didn’t play that many side missions yet though. Completely worth the money, the story is the best yet!
 

Goompro
69 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2015
I am a diehard AC fan I enjoyed the game. there was nothing groundbreaking but it was still enjoyable. Good story
 

GUNSLINGERN7
962 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2020
Just one word.. Awesome!
 

SwaggarD
9 products in account
0
70 people found this review helpful
149 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Like Assassin's Creed Unity but with less disappointment.
 

HeHunter â
407 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
I bought Assassins Creed Rogue and Assassins Creed Unity, and I can honestly say that Rogue has:
-A WAY Better Story
-Better Weapons
-Less Bugs
-Better Main Character
-FINALLY SOME MORE 1st PERSON GAMEPLAY IN ABSTERGO!
 

Kiatro
120 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2018
Assassin's Creed Rogue is one of Ubisoft's sideshows. Rogue was made at the same time as Assassin's Creed Unity, which was expected to be Ubisoft's main game of 2015. So Rogue is a sideshow to Unity, therefore it is quite short, with the main story taking about 7-8 hours to complete. But one of the main parts of Rogue is that its basically used as a money-grab at Assassin's Creed Black Flag fans. The game includes the abitilty to use a personal ship, which shares the majortiy of its features from Black Flag.

So why do I then recommend this game?

Well, Its enjoyable. The game is fun, itcuts out what made Black Flag bad and adds more of what made Black Flag good. Its also pretty easy. I did find myself yelling at my PC because a mission was far to difficult. The gameplay is goodd, the graphics could be better, and the story feels empty and rushed. But its fun and thats all that I personally care about.
 

1999 Honda Civic
103 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
If you liked black flag you will like this, the ship battles is what i love the most but it has added all the assasins creeds together into one.
Pros
It's an awesome game
plenty to do if when you have finished i run around ship battling hahaha

Cons
has a few bugs still but over time that will change.
 

Hunterfezza
227 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2021
Short but sweet. A very unique story in the assassin's creed franchise while retaining the charm of AC3 and AC4.
 

Orion Centurion
305 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
108.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2016
Not as good as black flag but still pretty good.
 

Artoriaz
1,150 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2019
Rogue is just like black flag, but with a different story!
 

Lafxia
85 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2017
If you liked black flag then you will like this and it is the same game. however personaly i found it too similar and didnt enjoy it because of the repetiveness even in the first chapters
 

furrygoose
157 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2017
I've played all the Assassin's Creeds from the first one to Unity. This one was my favourite so far. Maybe the shortest, but it had combined all the good bits from previous games and had a good story as well.

If you liked Black Flag, you love this one.
 

Silicon_Assassin
352 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
40.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 30, 2020
AC: Rogue fixes many of the problems that AC: Black Flag had that made it feel unlike an Assassin's Creed game. In particular, a lot of the parkour aspect of the game has been restored with the urban settings. The naval combat is still present and good, if a bit repetitive after a while. It goes a little overboard with the number of different collectables, many of which are more-or-less meaningless, and the story is a bit unusual and short, but all in all it's still a good game.
 

VeeArr
498 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
110.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2019
Here we are again having finished an Assasins creed game. yes we are beyond slowpoke territory here since im a bit behind on the Assasins Creed linegraph as Yatzee would say. this game was released after Black flag and its the most environtmentaly friendly game ever made given the amount of assets it reuses. given that the game is basically a reskin of AC four when it comes to both the future time sections and the piraty awsomenes, im glad to report that rogue is still as enjoyable as the previous pirate adventure in the series ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ epic legendary ship encounter not withstanding. and the future bits are still the worst walking simulator a triple A studio has ever put out however its doable because you get a bunch of fun lore like in black flag. The story has a massive plot twist given away in the title but it manages to make it work since shey cormacks position is actually quite reasonable. it is then sad that this twist doesn''t result in any changes in the gameplay either on on your ship or on land but sadly no. it would have been nice to see the templar side working a bit more through behind the scene manipulation rather then stabbery but no we are assasins creed of course so we jump down in the hay stack and double kill random guards as always. but then again what can we expect when everyone was busy making the glitchswapping party known as unity. so if your looking for innovation you might be slightly lost here. however if you wish blackflag was roughly twice as long welcome home brother and enjoy.
 

sammy19906
631 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2016
If you like playing Black Flag, PLAY THIS! The story is really great, it gives you a lot of the missing information between Edward and Connor's time, and it gives you the background for Unity.

Fighting is still press-counter-and-win tactics and the ship part of the game is better than Black Flag. The Morrigan comes with Puckle guns instead of Swivel cannons, which basically means that you get a swivel cannon that does less damage but fires a lot more rounds (max non-elite is 25), you get an ice ram that functions like the ram in black flag, except that you get a speed booster for extra damage, and instead of fire barrels, you get burning oil which seems to be more effective because you can cover the path behind you better.

The map feels larger than Black Flag, but probably isn't. Since you're in North America, you traqvel more in large rivers than out in the ocean. This makes sailing to your destination a little bit better, except that you'll have to navigate these channels, which means a bunch of turning. In contrast, the land parts of the map are more frequent, which means more land exploring rather than constant ship battles.

Rennovations are back, but only one or two buildings here or there (so it's not like AC II, Brotherhood, or Revelations where you're basically restoring the entire city). There is a banking system, where if you rennovate you get X amount of money every 20 minutes of gameplay

There are gang strongholds, which are like Borgia Towers, Templar towers, Forts, etc... Where you take down the leader and do a couple misc side objectives and "take back" that region.

New weapons/items: Air Rifle (blowgun 2.0) that comes with firecrackers for distraction, An underbarrel grenade launcher for Sleep, Beserk, and Shrapnel grenades and The Sword/Dagger combo which is basically the double swords from Black Flag with some different kill animations. Shay also gets a cloth to cover his face from smoke bombs so he doesn't get stunned if you activate it.

There is a unique thing that this game added: stalkers. Stalkers are like bot versions of the black flag multiplayer, where you travel through an area and hear whispers get louder and louder as you get closer to them. You can tun on eagle vision to get a compass of their general area and detect them if you search their hiding spots. They do massive damage if they land an attack on you, but you can counter them if you're quick. Also, they only appear in interesting areas, such as forts, missions, near collectables, etc... It's not like the entire city is filled with them. It's a nice balance.

CONCLUSION:

Very, very, good game if you liked Black Flag. This game is basically the lovechild of AC III and AC IV. Colonial area, with great ship battles.The only downside to it is that sometimes it feels less open for ship battles, which makes it hard to manuver. Solid 9/10
 

KnightWraith86
201 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2017
So I've finished the game...ops...the story :D (28h) so it's tiem to give my opinion


ONE Of THE BEST

The fact we play with an assassin that became the templar, realizing that the assassins were represanting a danger to the world... the naval (An upgraded version of AC4)... and the ending... (much better than AC4)

In this game we see that assassins are not only rainbows... I don´t mean Achiles is evil... but what he was doing was a danger...
 

DSANIC
78 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2015
Black flag was better. Get used to that because it's gonna be the focus of the following...

As you may know Rogue follows the exploits of a assasin turned templar. Some have complained that the whole "Templars are bad guys" angle gets skewed here. Well first off its been stated numerous times that both factions want the same thing but go about it in dramatically different ways. That stills holds true here.

Gameplay wise the game feels like Black flag 1.5, this should be a good thing and for alot of parts it is, they've done their usual polish on this and that, streamlined a few features and added some fun new gameplay elements
There are alot of visual adders that make the game feel cool too, like excessive powder smoke when you fire your cannons in quick succession its neat.

but unfortunately alot of the cons still outweigh these positives.
The game for the most part runs well, minimal drops in frame rate, occational pop in but only at farther distances and aside from the odd glitch things run well. During the animus adventures.
When you get into the real world it all goes to ♥♥♥♥. Yes sadly the modern day office simulator is still in full effect and it's more boring then ever. Couple that with some horrible coding where your frames will drop into the single digits on a regular basis and you'll want to escape back into the animus asap.

Another problem is the story, it starts out good enough with your eventiual turn to the templars but after that it really slows down and becomes dull.
I blame most of this on the characters in the game, Shay himself is a dull transparent character with no real interesting features other than a accent you'll quickly grow tired of.
The rest of the supporting cast are just as dull unfortunately and fail to really suck you in at any point in the game unlike black flag and it's larger than life characters.
Ship battles feel tedious rather than exiting and you never get a urge to go out plundering, likely because you aren't a pirate in this game.

Even the legendary battles aren't entertaining, in black flag you were up against steep odds fighting incredible ships of legend, in this...not so much. It just feels dull or frustrating.

In the end just go get black flag, it's a better game, with a better story and has better characters and virutally the same gameplay with more appealing scenes and battles.
 

Sinjin The Monke
369 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2018
One of the best Assasin's parts....love it ^~^
 

Shy_Wolfie(Iowa❤ BB-61)
672 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2021
lots of stabbing
 

I_Have_The_Tall
67 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2020
AC like Blag Flag - with the best Titlle Song of the series. love the game and the soundtrack
 

Turrican
219 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Loving the game so far :D
 

Water2Heat
474 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2019
Assassins Creed Rogue is a short but interesting game. I really liked the story, you'll be playing as Shay, an assassins that with time will change to a Templar, if you've played others games in the franchise you'll recognise a lot of the characters and little details that this game has to offer.

Gameplay wise it's pretty much Black Flag with a little bit better mechanics and it has improved graphics.
 

Dungo
110 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
Disappointing, to say the least. As someone who has played every AC game (minus the portable/tablet games), I would actually rank this one the lowest.

To me it feels like a glorified expansion for AC4. It recycles all the mechanics from AC4, with a few minor tweaks, and calls it a new game. As someone who has played a lot of AC3 and 4, there was really nothing new here, and I found it rather boring. Even the story, which is mainly what I was interesting in checking out, was a waste. The characters are all two-dimensional, and the protagonist's motivations are paper-thin. Sure, this has become standard for AC at this point, but still sad to see the wasted potential here. All the interesting stuff is actually hidden away in Templar letters that you must seek out as side objectives. And to top it off, 



 

Solidus's Revenge
1,449 products in account
4
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2015
Not one of the best AC games by a long shot.

Most of what is technical is very well done, the graphics, the bug free gameplay and environment, the cinematics and so on.

But There's very little creativity, as in most recent games.

The open world always has nice ideas in these games, but particularly in this one was very little developped. You get money fast if you do what you need to but just as quicly, you have nothing left to spending it on.

Collecting the swords, pillars and such just gets you an outfit.

The out of Animus story is none existent and only thing you do there (just like in blag flag) is hack computers to collect and read messages.

Once you maxed your ship, there's no point in fighting anymore, and so not only is there any point in having money because you have nothing to spend it on, but also there is no point in getting ressources either..

Some of the memories are painfully annoying.

All in all it's a nice story with interactive elements which will appeal to any kid or maybe teenager, but there's simply no depth in it to make interesting.

Oh, and if I hear someone say "I make my one luck" one more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time, I may bang my head violently against the wall, our hero literally says that in every single memory....

I don't recommend this game, though I like the AC series (particularly the early ones) you can skip this one without missing anything at all.
 

Ati
155 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2016
If you played one Assssin's Creed game, you played them all. With Black Flag and Rogue beeing a tiny bit different, in a good way. I most of the titles (minus sindicate and Unity, despite getting Unity for free) and Rogue is the only one where I wasn't bored with the crapload of side activites that made me drop the title altogether.

What I want to say, this is a bit of a fresh thing, as opposed to all the other games in the franchise.
Also, don't get it if you are a completionist and need everything that shows up to be completed, as those games will make you go insane.

I'm on the line wether to even recommend this title or not, but if anything, I think this is the one of the lot worth checking out.
Also optimized fairly well, It runs at 60 fps in 4k res/DSR.
 

Crusader_bin
1,263 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2018
This game is amazing; As Black Flag is generally lauded as the best in the series, this game is basically a re-skinned version with some added mechanics and a new story. My only real complaint is the horrendous amount of busybody filler in the form of an obnoxious amount of collectibles- this should be expected from any assassins creed/ ubisoft game by now, but still i wish they would tone it down a bit seeing as i do enjoy 100% completing games like this, and I don't like spending 20 damn hours sailing around to find grab out-of-the way chests and the stupid glitch things or whatever.

Still, don't let that deter you from a fantastic game. I think, with the twist of the story and whatnot, that I enjoyed this more than I did AC4.
 

SlippyFist
597 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
One of the best AC games to date. So far the story line is good, and the graphics are amazing.

I cannot believe how a Single 980 can run this game at 4k maxed out. Looks visually stunning and always above 60 FPS.

Good job ubisoft. I guess you were looking for redemption.

 

Storm
605 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2016
This has got to be the best AC ever!
 

you're so dandy
73 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
100.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 7, 2021
It takes you so long to go to other places with the ship, that later on you don't want to use the ship anymore
 

Mimi
81 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
72.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
I finished the game in 7 hours[it was easy] and i really enjoyed it also you see !penguins!

The story line is great but its a bit to short and i wish you can have like co op or multiplayer in the game and GL HF!!:)

9/10
 

CJ
27 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2015
This game is pretty good to play.
One thing that really impressed me was the performance. I mean, AC4 runs way below this one in framerate, and I can't find an answer to that (I --still-- don't have a freagin' power master gamer pc, so I felt quite the difference running this game, compared to AC4, both on low settings). It's way more optimized, I guess.
I can't compare its storyline with Unity's, since I still haven't bought it (yet), but, as a piece of software released to the public, this is, by far, the best between them. (Rogue has its share of bugs, as we unfortunately are starting to expect from a Ubi$oft game, but at least it doesn't have creepy faces, right?...)
Worth it
 

RicardoPetrere
227 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2019
Let me keep this short and simple: Assassins Creed Rogue is basically a mix between AC3 and AC Black Flag. Do I recommend it? Yes, I enjoyed playing it. Do I recommend it over any other AC game? No. This game does not differentiate itself from other games in the series in any way EXCEPT for the fact you play as a Templar instead of an Assassin, which sounds drastic in theory but actually did not change the game play at all. It was much too similar to Black Flag and it felt like they copy and pasted the map from AC3 with the exception of New York.

Graphics: 8/10

Gameplay: 7.5/10

Story: 6/10 (Typical Assassins Creed, not bad but not good)

Sound: 7/10

Enjoyment: 7/10

Overall, I enjoyed playing this game and I would certainly recommend it if you are a big fan of the AC series. If it's one of your first AC games, I recommend buying something like AC2, Brotherhood or Black Flag. This is not the most unique game.

 

Allah
14 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2016
One of the best AC games in the series, despite using similar mechanics from AC3 and AC4 Black Flag. Shay Cormac is such an interesting character and it really allows the player to understand more of the Templar goals, as it lets you play as a Templar for the majority of the game. Unfortunately, the story is a little short, definitely shorter than its predecessors.

Pros:
Great graphics, no different to AC3 and AC4: Black Flag
Great optimization, always running on 60 fps (unlike Black Flag)
Very Strong Storyline with an interesting protagonist
Allows us to see characters from previous games (e.g. Haytham, Adewale, Achilles, etc.)

Cons:
Short Storyline


Overall, a definitely must have if you enjoyed the rest of the Kenway Saga of AC, links directly to Assassin's Creed: Unity at the end of the game so I recommend playing this game first.
 

NL
46 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2016
Assassin's Creed Rogue is like any assassin's creed game. If you liked Black Flag you'll most likely like this game. If you buy the game but can't run it, Uplay just says "servers unavailable" just go onto the internet and dowload uplay form the official site.
 

moneyintime
72 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
I'm bias when it comes to the AC franchise, I fell in love with the first one and have been a fan ever since. I have to say this installment really tickles me in a special way! It gives the feel of AC 3 and Black Flag and touches base with both in a really good way.

The highlight to me was, getting a ship almost out of the box. That was something I really enjoyed about 3 and Black Flag, but it seemed a bit stifled in 3 and narrow in Black Flag. With Rogue, they opened the doors wide from the first moment and let the player run free with the ship. In Black Flag there was one map to explore and sandbox in, it was fun and I loced it, but it felt narrow. This installment I'm only on act 3 and have 2 full maps to explore and conquer and New york for those times I want to play on the ground. Trust when I say New York is nothing to sneeze at either, giant sandbox to run and do side quests as well as main missions.

One down sie so far I have found, in this version there are these hidden people in New York and elsewhere. It may be fun for some to have to walk around in eagle vision trying to find them and kill them before they get the drop on you, but for me it is a real headache.

Just one small issue in an otherwise wonderful game. Thumbs way up!
 

Zero...
80 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2019
This game wasnt too bad, it was ok. Very similiar naval mechanics to Black Flag with a couple of added things here and there. The story is a bit on the shorter side but I guess they was focusing on AC Unity at the time. I think the one criticism is that there are a lot of collectibles but you get little bits of lore for collecting them so its not too bad.

Story was good, I liked Shay as a character and it definitely got me sympathising a lot with the Templar point of view and made the Assassins look pretty stupid imo. You'll see a few great characters from the older games too so thats nice.

If your a fan of AC and you liked the naval combat then I would recommend it. However if your thinking of skipping it then I dont think that would be a problem since nothing seems to really push the story forward, its just a nice story with a different perspective. I would still recommend.
 

Azwan
93 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
44.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2016
Reasons to not buy this game for 30$

1. Map is poorly made, most of areas anyway
2. quite a few glitches
3. Parkour that's basically suicide
4. 6 sequences, really?

It's just not as good as black flag, unless you're really into the story and stuff but gameplay wise, it seems kinda dull.
I'd rather stick to black flag

wow
 

Kylypso
180 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2015
Great game to play! My favortite of all the Assassin's creed genre.
 

george floyd
37 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2020
A AC game with a little different perspective.
 

1stplayerz
312 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2016
Assassin's Creed: Rogue is essentially Black Flag Lite. Considering that Black Flag is considered one of the best in the series (My personal favorites include BF and Brotherhood), it would make sense that they would try to make that lightning strike twice. The product we have is a shorter, slim version of Black Flag.

This is not necessarily a bad thing. Black Flag was plagued with one issue: It was riddled with "Follow the people and eavesdrop" which was one of the most annoying things I had to endure. It balanced out with greatly refined Naval combat (First introduced in AC3 but did next to nothing for you) and colorful characters that you empathized with and care about. They're trying to do the same thing in Rogue but with a smaller cast and more streamlined combat.
For example, metal was a commodity in BF that you had to cause a ruckus at sea and get wanted levels to face against higher level enemies. In Rogue, -every- enemy ship carries metal and you'll find your ship upgrade a hell of a lot quicker than in BF.
The same idea translates to the main story which hauls ass. Every mission seems to throw 5% completion on my save file. In ten hours you may very well already be at 50% completion which seems a bit short considering it's original asking price (I pre-ordered the deluxe, which is a bit cheaper now).
In essence, they trimmed the pointless fat of Black Flag but failed to replace it with substance or content, but that's still not a dealbreaker if you left BF thinking "I wish there was more sea stuff". Even then, Rogue didn't add much to it, but instead gave you more reasons to do it. If that makes sense.

Storywise, it's actually one of the more interesting ones. I still care very little about the "modern day" aspect of the games (Though I'm happy Desmond is out of the picture) but we're put in the shoes of an Assassin that witnessed (And unwittingly caused) a great disaster because the Assassins are meddling in things they don't completely comprehend, and did not take Shay Cormac's words in account when he is distressed at the mess they caused. After being shot off a cliff, Shay then meets several Templars that seem to refrain from the usual "Kick the dog" moments of series past and still press their goals with all the manipulation involved. Shay is out to stop the assassins from making more of a mess and keep them from accidentally (Or purposefully) murdering thousands of people at a time.
The story is clearly painted with the "Templars aren't really that bad, okay?" brush, but still offers the opposite opinion that I had been waiting for. We get a little more of that in Unity with Elise, who also isn't a knee-breaking lunatic.

Ultimately it's a great game. It's Black Flag: Templar edition. It's not as expensive as it was, so nab it now or on sale. It's not a bad buy if you're a fan of the franchise.
 

Zydrate
620 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2017
Why is the rum Gone?!
 

Dante
356 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
Extreme Badassery. IMHO the best Creed game showing things from the Templar perspective.
 

Cosmic Alpha
271 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2016
it's a really nice game, and worth the time! specially if you love ships and pirates.
 

Doggie
1,362 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2015
Not a bad game, has little replayability. Lots of collectables if that is your thing. Pretty much Assassins Creed 4, with refined ship combat, a different story, and different looks. Get on sale.
 

wood3n
164 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
GG
 

Dan the man
2 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2015
Such an amazing story to tied to the Kenway saga! A tale of an assassin who becomes the very thing he was trained to fight. Shay has some very powerfull moments and it really brings into question on who are the bad guys and if either side Assassin or Templar really has a good and evil, but some faces you have come to know will be returning and leaving. Do not give this game a miss as a Last gen money grab this game is a strong part of the assassins creed universe! Ties together storys and characters from these following games:

Assassins Creed 3
Assassins creed 4 Black Flag
Liberation
Unity
 

Shrapnel Effect
312 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2015
Another AC game came to an end. This one takes place between AC4 and AC3 timeline wise. The game is very similar to AC4 but with AC3 graphics and therefore performance. 60 fps all the way. Story is not the typical AC either. You play Shay, an assassin turned templar who fills in the story gaps between AC4 and 3. Also it bridges the games to AC 5. Was quite small though and you'd think that it was a DLC for AC 4 than a stand alone title...
 

Nasty Pirate
1,285 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2020
So much underrated. This is my most Favourite AC game. Best visuals, best story, best gameplay and 2nd best protagonist in the entire series. Just do yourself a favour and play this masterpiece.
 

Solenya
148 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2020
Overwhelmingly Positive
 

LowKeyButter
49 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2020
Almost same as black flag but is more things to do in side activities and main quests is fun.
 

Megalock123
17 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2016
10Th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Excellent game. good story and revelations....... Love it!!!!
 

Tuman
152 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2021
fun
 

💧︎✌︎☠︎💧
31 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
64.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2020
A pleasant surprise!
The reviews I saw for this game were average at best, claiming it was basically Black Flag 2.0 (and I can definitely see where that comes from, since gameplay-wise they are basically the same).
However, from the story perspective it was an amazing experience - it really makes you rethink the whole Assassins vs Templars / Good vs Evil dichotomy.
Do not overlook this AC title!
 

nConscious
120 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2016
Great game but seems more like a sequel from Black Flag. Graphics are still amazing as usual for the Assassins Creed games. Have played and beaten black flag and can't wait to beat this one too. Got this game on the steam sale from the Thanksgiving/Black Friday 2016 sale. Also, got Black Flag, Rogue, Syndicate, and Unity. Have played and beaten Unity on console but want to see how the game is on PC.
 

Wrathrox
371 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2021
It's basically a previous AC title with a different character and point of view. This felt like a DLC to Black Flag more than a full title. The story is short, nothing really new. Once you got everything it got pretty boring really quick. But overall it's really good. I'd be lying if I say it's not beautiful. Although it offers little to none of new contents, it's a great change of pace that we got to play the other faction and kinda understand the lore more.

Go buy Odyssey or Origins if you want the "new" new stuff. But if you're like me and just wanted to relive your childhood of climbing buildings and be a cool looking assassins that can slice people's throats without getting any attention then buy this, only now you got to play the "bad guys"
 

KieranDX
47 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
This sums it up:

YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
 

Cool Guy Caleb
590 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
197.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2017
Fights all the ledgendary ships. Wow that was easy goes to epic ledgendary a single Man o' war aginst you and a british fleet ship sinks your entire fleet almost insantly the takes out a bar of your health. Then you your about to defeat it and two more Legendary Man o' Wars come in just like ooo hello there and you have health thus instantly sinking.
 

Paco The Catboy
290 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
Do you like Assassin's Creed? Did you enjoy Black Flag? Are you capable of putting up with a lead with a sub-par voice actor for the sake of a fairly decent story? You'll enjoy this game.
 

Snowskeeper
907 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2017
A sadly overlooked game that manages to live up to the example of Black Flag and then some.
 

Dom
1,517 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 

No.7
115 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2020
No I wasn't addicted, No I didn't just run for side quests for 12 extra hours.
 

honolulu24
143 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2020
Excellent gameplay similar to Black Flag.
 

Cannonball
208 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 8
Try it if your new to assassin's creed
 

NovaxBlade
13 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2017
Assassin's Creed 4 was an excellent game (my personal favorite of the franchise) and Rogue is really just 4 with a new Story and new characters. Personally I enjoyed the new point of view of the Templars, Ubisoft's attempt to get you to question the morality of both sides. Some may not enjoy this game if they want something new from the franchise, but if you want more of AC 4 then I believe that this game is for you.
 

Bonkulonius
338 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2015
First off I haven't played an Assassin's Creed game since 3, but the idea of playing as a Templar intrigued me. The game is overall really fun. The naval battles are not nearly as annoying as AC3. There is stil a lttle bit of real life missions. The combat is pretty easy. Overall the storyline is pretty short; 6 sequences, each with 5 missions. I didn't go and complete every side activity or get all of the collectibles becasue I don't care for that stuff. If you did all the side stuff then you could easily play the game for a much longer time. I liked the main character, and I would like to see more game sabout him, but whatever.
 

BlackRoseFFX
1,172 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 19
"Do you know why i quit the brotherhood? because the only thing in my heart... is freewill"

No one is more attractive than the one who holds fast to his own principles, the one who strives for free will and the one who think critically without being a blind obedient to any individual or group. Shay is not a traitor, he simply did the right thing to prevent further catastrophes so that he didnt do more mistakes like he did in the past.
It's the Assassin Brotherhood's mistake for not doing a complete research and exploration before giving an order to Shay, and then they didn't listen to Shay just because he is a junior. So the lessons is QUESTION EVERYTHING!!!



 

Reeftz
70 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 1
Sure, every gamer knows the Assassin’s Creed franchise, but unlike all the Assassin’s Creed titles, this one is quite different. The setting of this videogame takes place in between years 1752 to 1760, where it takes place after the events of Assassin’s Creed IV. What makes this title different is its character Shay Cormac. Ever felt that you have been betrayed by your own kind before and felt that you wanted to get revenge on them ? Well, that is what players are going to do in that videogame. The story Shay begins with him being an Assassin in training. If someone knows about Assassin’s Creed quite well, they would know about the two groups fighting against each other as time passes: The Assassins (Supposedly, good guys), and the Templars (Supposedly, bad guys), but this time Shay’s story didn’t picture the Assassins as good guys, as his leader was treating in an inhumane way, and that led to the betrayal of Shay to the Assassins, as they used the most powerful weapon of all: the Eden’s apple to cause an earthquake in a church in Spain. So Shay wanted to save the world and make things right, and by doing so, he joined the templars and they took him under their wings, which turned him from an Assassin to an Assassin hunter.
 

ahmedyasser212001
204 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 5
Ass Ass in turned Templar
 

Sir Bedevere the Wise
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2021
it's so good and fun
 

DASOCCERBOY
9 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
283.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2021
Freedom
 

nfojb
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2021
You actually get to play as the Templar Order for once
 

bluejaguar
158 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2021
pretty lit
 

Fergus
139 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 21
Well. I actually enjoyed this more than I did Black Flag. It's short, yes, but the story and setting was more interesting to me than in Black Flag. Still nothing compared to the Ezio trilogy for example, but it's great how this game ties AC3, Black Flag and Unity together. The game play is more of the same as in the previous two games, but what I thought was great is that we had a smaller percentage of tailing and eavesdropping missions, which I'm not a fan of.

So as long as you treat this as a sort of a prologue chapter to AC3, it's a pretty good AC game. 8/10
 

Tommi Laakso
351 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 20
The Dlc winter Templar of Black flag.

The story is wonderful and interesting, the gameplay has some improvements compared to black flag (in the naval part) but it is basically the winter version of the previous one.

There are problems in the movements and in the very limited stealth part, the climbing is automated as in the previous one.
This time you are in templar side.

BTW it was worth it.



100% in 50.3 hours 
A Screenshot of Assassin's Creed Rogue
By: Marco Filippini 1994 Ⓐ ✠ ✞


100% in 50.3 hours 
A Screenshot of Assassin's Creed Rogue
By: Marco Filippini 1994 Ⓐ ✠ ✞


Poison Hope 
A Screenshot of Assassin's Creed Rogue
By: Marco Filippini 1994 Ⓐ ✠ ✞
 

Marco Filippini 1994 Ⓐ ✠ ✞
403 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 9
Even though this is a side game similar to that of AC Liberation or the standalone Freedom Cry (Black Flag DLC) and is overshadowed by the bigger AC title of that year, being Unity, I hold Rogue as my favorite Assassin's Creed game of all time. Unlike many others who hold more favor towards the Ezio trilogy of games I personally prefer the colonial era games (granted I did start with AC3). I love the gameplay of this era and this game especially along with the vast amount of locations and means of travel, the start of true ship travel and the liberation and/or conquering of forts and towns throughout colonial America and the Caribbean.

Along with the gameplay I also love the story this game gives, though relatively shorter than normal AC releases. Shay Cormac's story between the Assassin Brotherhood and Templar Order is one that though keeping to the era feel does show a unique and enthralling perspective on the other side of the conflict and how various decisions made by both sides influence events of the later Assassins we play as. If you enjoyed AC3 & Black Flag and/or want to see a different genuine perspective from the side of the Templar's I highly recommend this game. I have 100% the remaster on Xbone, played the campaign multiple times on both Remastered and the original on Xbox 360 and now play it again on PC.

UNO Rating: Dead Brotherhood Members/10
 

Freeki_Breeki
201 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2021
A game which is neither amazing or bad. The fighting style is good overall, gameplay is basic AC and what you would expect, but the one thing that I really liked in this game and made me wanna give it a positive review was the story honestly. A very interesting turn of events plus the fact that the story itself gets connected to 2 other Assassin's Creed games which I will not reveal since I don't like to spoil things. In the end try to get it on a sale, overall it's a decent game.
 

LoG!c ©®™
485 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2021
This game is a lot different from the other AC games because you are a templar. If you have played AC III, AC IV and AC Freedom Cry this game will be REALLY painful to play as you will do certain things (People who have played this game will know what i'm talking about). You do get to see things from the other side of the spectrum though. Good game and quick to complete.
 

Shadow
165 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2021
luck
 

Food Volcano
201 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2021
It's like simplified version of black flag but instead it has templar main character and he is dope!!
 

AnGrY_BarACudA
270 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2021
Assassin's Creed series is one of my favorites, really liked the way they connected the circle up with the other parts.
 

Fade
310 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2021
It matched my expectations - nothing extraordinary, basically Black Flag copy.
 

DED_V_IGRE
725 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2021
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 

Mr Lumbago
24 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2021
I have returned to the Assassin's Creed series once again to finish the franchise, eventually. Playing this game was more of a treat than I expected. I never played anything past Black Flag when it was new so these are all new to me, and I have heard negative things about them, and while I do have my far share of criticisms, overall, it's a pretty solid title.

Some of the main gripes are, you probably want to play it with a controller because PC controls can be clunky, which is something I've mentioned on every Assassin's Creed game to date. Also, the game-play is literally the exact same as Assassin's Creed IV with a different story line. Other than these little things, I enjoyed it.

It wasn't that big of a deal for me to be thrown back into a Black Flag style game because Black Flag is one of my favorite games of all time, and it worked here also. Ship combat is one of the most fun elements of the game. I feel like this game also had a deeper narrative, where the story was the driving force behind more-so than the game-play, like some of the other games. I do know that Rogue and Unity are joint games so I can't fully judge this one completely until I finish the next game.

My favorite part about this game was the revisiting of old characters from Assassin's Creed III. It just built the entire universe of Assassin's Creed up when you saw behind the scenes of what characters you were already familiar with were doing. If you love the Assassin's Creed series and have not yet played this game, you will not be disappointed! I know I wasn't! 7/10
 

MisterKumquat
202 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2021
privateering goes wooo
 

Big Chimpin'
284 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2021
Black flag with polar bears - I would die for this game
 

Fjado
38 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2021
The assassin turn into a templar, tbh the story didn't disappointed, you must play this
 

Dandi555
50 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
92.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2020
best assassin in the hole franchise 🤘🏻
 

66644410
34 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2020
A little too similar to Black Flag, but nice story
 

DjiZaSs
37 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2020
the story is good but is too short
 

Hazadak1ng
46 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2020
Love the gameplay and the storyline. A lot of the game seems to be Black Flag reskinned for the North Atlantic, but still fun to play.
 

[RCHR] huskersjlong
188 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 26, 2020
Templar shall prevail
 

CS
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2020
Best assassin's creed game of assassin's creed series for me but I have finished it allready :( seems I have to start play other series
 

Drago
22 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
78.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2020
masterpiece
 

Edward
345 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2020
great game has a few glitches in 1 or 2 missions but overall a good game if you like assassins creed games then this will clear things up for 3 other games unity assassins creed 3 and black flag.
 

Nightro__TTV
45 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
I make my own luck.
 

Waterbreakey
321 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2020
combindes the best of both Assassin's Creed 3 and Black Flag. Amazing game
 

Sneaky Fox
184 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2020
Underrated game of the franchise. While some are turned off by the fact that it uses the same engine as IV (Black Flag), it's short story and great open world makes for a fun game to play over a week or so. Its not worth a ton of money, get it on sale for around 5-10 dollars.
 

DoctorDay'mon
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2020
A reskin from AC Black Flag with a new perspective on the assassin's creed universe. Very good game
 

Flame
1,698 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2020
Among the best storyline in Assassin's Creed games
 

Complete180°
94 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2020
Assassin's Creed Rogue

I started this game immediately after completing Odyssey (which was really good). So initially it was very difficult to get used to the gameplay. But soon i got used to the gameplay and story was good. It was good to play a assassin-templar story after odyssey. I didn't have much expectation from the game but the character of Shay really surprised me. It was so good to be know more about a lot of previously known characters. But something about Shay was, he was not like the other protagonist not just because he is an assassin turned into a templar but he was above the chain of assassin/templar conflict. He respected both sides and only hated the way in which the assassins operate. He was not just looking for revenge but rather was striving to make the assassins understand their mistake.

I think the character of Shay is very well written and a man of his own decisions rather than someone who just follows orders. He is a character very well written after Ezio. He understood human lives are more valuable than some conflict between the assassins and templars and strive for power. I liked the setting too especially atlantic sea. This is one of the best character development i have seen in this series.

The only drawback was the game is really short and i didn't like his voice ( though it is not a drawback). i would have liked to see more of shay's story. And the present day story was rather disappointing and didn't offer anything new.

I would really recommend this game. It is worth a play. I feel its a very underrated game in the series. It was a mistake of ubisoft to release it along unity (which was their first next gen attempt).

RATING: 9/10
 

astrosree
196 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
18.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2020
9/10

1 point because i had to upgrade the ship before doing a certain mission which was tough. took 2 hours to upgrade the damn ship.
 

Amber turd
260 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2020
Best of the series
 

マスターハンター
35 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
55.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2020
Assassins Creed Rogue is very much in style of Assassins Creed 4 . Its a sailing adventure with lots of exciting naval combat mixed in with the series more typical parkour and combat . Rogue has the most interesting story and changes how we look at the formerly conflict between assassins and templars .
The graphics are not among the best but the game looks beautiful specially in snowy environments and its fun to sail around and discover new places . Sadly the story is short and some quests became boring after sometime . There are lots of tools to choose from however enemies are so easy to deal with that you wont feel the need of upgrading your character until you finish the story . The games soundtracks are also amazing .
Long story short , Assassins Creed rogue is an important game in the series because it reveals so much about both templars and assassins . I had great time playing the game so i recommend the game to the others .

7/10
 

kikigamer
192 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
So I am completely redoing my review for this game because I picked it back up following AC3 and AC Black Flag. The way they tie all of these stories in together is amazing and the way they tie it into AC Unity's story was phenomenal!!! Granted Shay is in fact a Templar agent, but playing through this game you get to see BOTH sides of the story and not just one. It was a refreshing change for once and the story felt great! Sadly it felt a bit short though, however there are plenty of side quests to do to keep you occupied after the campaign.

Overall the game play was the same as AC Black Flag, from the combat all the way down to the naval. But I don't think I was playing this for the mechanics I stayed for the story mainly. 10/10
 

Sterlin_Merlin
194 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
21.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2020
need more Templar games.
 

Rowlance
243 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
A good AC game. Story is interesting, as you get to play as a Templar for the first time. Land and sea combat are pretty much the same as Black Flag, with the addition of ice on the sea and the rifle on land. Apparently there's also a remaster, so if you're gonna buy this game, I'd say go for that one for the better graphics.

A solid 8/10.
 

m1strkill
516 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
63.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2020
OK so basically imagine ac blag flag but they took everything that wasn't good in the game and fixed it and there you have it , assassing's creed rogue.

BUT, though with these games you should wait for a sell and put your money into other stuff like you know food....electricity......water......house(?)
 

Auzzie is a name
70 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
Really fun game the story line is madly cool so ♥♥♥ cool! Just needs some graphic work (Plants, Boat movements, Water Ect) Remastered would be really sick!
 

Lyncus
76 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2020
It is good and cool, i like this a lot, it is cool
 

FlusherDuck5
32 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2020
Just as good as black flag
 

GamesTrex
123 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2019
Product received for free

I liked
 

DK GAMING
10 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
359.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2019
good
 

Coorin
43 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2019
gud game
 

Lugo
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2019
A new kind of story! Its true the actual missions are small but the story is great! And this is a link between the ideologies of a Templar and an Assassin. So much link between AC 3 and Black Flag.
 

Xrated
102 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
92.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2020
-This game was released 1.5 year after Black Flag but there is NO improvement from the graphic and the story.
-The game is even shorter and more easy than Black Flag. WE can finish the game in 50-60 hours if we just do the main missions.
-We still need to "come back " to the present time to do some crazy IQ games.
-Still need to create a fleet to do boring missions to earn achievements.++
-Still recommend to those who like jumping + killing games and to those who like Black Flag, but I treated it as one of the Black Flag DLC more than a new game.
 

Rabbit CoCo
77 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2020
Ah, Ubisoft credits rolling as I write this, which means there'll still be plenty of credits left when I'm done. Enough time time to make some lunch, eat it, read a few chapters of a book, check social media, and watch half a movie.

Anyway, the game is take it or leave it. It's the epitome of Ubisoft at the time of release, really.

Obvious villains presented as good guys? Check!
Eleventybillion collection quests to unlock ♥♥♥♥ that does nothing? Check!
Playtime padded with literally hours of travel per playthrough? Check!
Stuff unlocked at the end in a fruitless attempt to get you to keep playing after it's done? Check-a-freakin'-roony!

I mean, the actual play itself is fun, the legendary battles were a kick, the missions' optional objectives weren't impossible - but again we get the issue of them generally hiding the optional objectives so you have to remember to go look for them so you don't miss them. And without looking, you probably will miss them.

But really, the test of whether a game was good is 'did you have fun playing it' and though it was interspersed with a crapload of boring, unnecessary crap, in general it was a good time. It was more fun than it was NOT FUN, so it gets a thumbs-up.

On average, though, it wouldn't be too terribly much of a challenge to find something more fun. For a franchise with such a strong start - second only to Mass Effect for me, really - they've really managed to turn these things into a slog. You'd think with how quickly they generally churn them out they wouldn't need to go for the whole 'pad the playtime with total irrelevance' thing, but they sure do feel like they need to, apparently.

Which is why the total playtime you see here will never increase. I've played it, I've gotten this part of the story where Assassins and Templars are both very fine people, now I'll move on to the next and never play this game again.

Actually, Ubisoft is really good at making games that are utterly and completely lacking in any replay value at all. Maybe there's some kind of niche there. Whatever, anyway, on to the next one!
 

Sakral
145 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2020
Despite the game turning on a different twist, I think it was an interesting game and important piece of the puzzle that unites Assassin's Creed 3 with Black Flag and a little bit with Unity.

Outside the Animus I honestly didn't like the story as I used to when Desmond was the main character, but the in-game story was pretty interesting and it was nice to see characters from previous games.

Story In-Game: 7
Story Outside Animus: 5
Gameplay: 7
Combat: 7
Overall score: I would say it's a strong 7. This is my personal opinion and many are free to disagree with me. I just think that it wasn't the best one I've played, but I can't say I haven't enjoyed it. I just had a hard time getting used to the idea that I have to kill my brotherhood and be the bad guy. Not my cup of tea when I play games, but interesting change and amazing to see how the story peaces up together so nicely.
 

Vasharal
1,102 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2019
Yes
 

♛CertifiedHoodBanger69♛
50 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2019
I have to say, this is a really good AC game. Sure it has it's flaws but all in all i would give it a 8/10.
 

Bonesteak
184 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
*loads cannons with templar intent*
 

Strayed
226 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
1,288.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2019
Nice game.
 

AlcaTraz
256 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
10/10 There are Penguins in this game
 

PenguiZ :>
289 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
98.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2019
Well, I guess if you‘re Ubisoft, you have to choose between being innovative or producing a properly running game. This one is the latter of the two.

Graphics: The same as Black Flag’s, while not too detailed and rather pragmatic, they still look pretty and even run on older graphics cards thanks to some good optimization, which is quite a rare treat for an Assassin’s Creed game.

Sound: One of the bugs which still made it into the finished game is located in this department; you might notice recurring dissonances in volume if you’re trying to run this game in surround. Despite some types of surround systems not seeming to be affected at all, and some people claiming to have fixed the problem, I’d recommend simply running this game on stereo settings, as that doesn’t make that much of a difference in this case. This also happens to be one of the long-running bugs within the franchise, so you may reencounter it when playing Assassin’s Creed: Origins. It mostly affects environmental sounds, but partially voice acting as well, yet neither of the two delivers any source of complaint besides that. The most memorable sound of this game is the OST though: It’s amazing. This is probably heavily biased on my part, but this OST managed to make me spend several dozen minutes in the main menu, just to listen to it, a feat only games like The Witcher and Skyrim formerly accomplished.

Story: As you might have already found out, this game takes a different point of view as its story than most other Assassin’s Creeds, which does add to its story’s value, but it doesn’t reach the likes of Assassin’s Creed II or Black Flag. It’s also rather short, consisting of only six sequences, rather than the usual twelve, but thanks to its different approach, it still manages to tell an interesting story.

Atmosphere: While the naval combat isn’t presented as natural as it used to be in Black Flag, your protagonist still has the same anti-hero appeal as Edward, which helps to fit the story and the open-world gameplay into one piece. This is also further emphasized by the removal of the desynchronization system (Assassin’s Creed’s version of “Game Over”) in favor of a wanted level system like in GTA. And just like in Black Flag, the wilderness in this game is just beautiful and even more realistic now, as the number of animals was slightly reduced, so you don’t stumble upon a dozen of them every minute anymore.

Gameplay: Essentially the same as in Black Flag, with only minor changes to the combat system. As for the naval combat, your new ship, the Morrigan, is a faster, less heavy-hitting version of the Jackdaw. The major changes besides speed and firepower are the removal of chain shots and double heavy shots, so you need to rely on the mortar more than before and employ different tactics against Man’O Wars. The only change of combat ashore is the fact that you have access to an air rifle, which can do the same as the blowpipe in Black Flag and additional area-of-effect attacks with the same status effects besides that.

Balance: Every single system is just as unbalanced and easy as it was in Black Flag, except the monetary system, which is even cheaper than before; I had a solid two million pounds by the end of the game, a game in which the most expensive weapon costs like thirty thousand pounds.

Overall, despite its lack of innovation, this is a fairly good game, and everyone who is okay with said lack of innovation could probably consider buying this without much of a second thought.Well, I guess if you‘re Ubisoft, you have to choose between being innovative or producing a properly running game. This one is the latter of the two.

Graphics: The same as Black Flag’s, while not too detailed and rather pragmatic, they still look pretty and even run on older graphics cards thanks to some good optimization, which is quite a rare treat for an Assassin’s Creed game.

Sound: One of the bugs which still made it into the finished game is located in this department; you might notice recurring dissonances in volume if you’re trying to run this game in surround. Despite some types of surround systems not seeming to be affected at all, and some people claiming to have fixed the problem, I’d recommend simply running this game on stereo settings, as that doesn’t make that much of a difference in this case. This also happens to be one of the long-running bugs within the franchise, so you may reencounter it when playing Assassin’s Creed: Origins. It mostly affects environmental sounds, but partially voice acting as well, yet neither of the two delivers any source of complaint besides that. The most memorable sound of this game is the OST though: It’s amazing. This is probably heavily biased on my part, but this OST managed to make me spend several dozen minutes in the main menu, just to listen to it, a feat only games like The Witcher and Skyrim formerly accomplished.

Story: As you might have already found out, this game takes a different point of view as its story than most other Assassin’s Creeds, which does add to its story’s value, but it doesn’t reach the likes of Assassin’s Creed II or Black Flag. It’s also rather short, consisting of only six sequences, rather than the usual twelve, but thanks to its different approach, it still manages to tell an interesting story.

Atmosphere: While the naval combat isn’t presented as natural as it used to be in Black Flag, your protagonist still has the same anti-hero appeal as Edward, which helps to fit the story and the open-world gameplay into one piece. This is also further emphasized by the removal of the desynchronization system (Assassin’s Creed’s version of “Game Over”) in favor of a wanted level system like in GTA. And just like in Black Flag, the wilderness in this game is just beautiful and even more realistic now, as the number of animals was slightly reduced, so you don’t stumble upon a dozen of them every minute anymore.

Gameplay: Essentially the same as in Black Flag, with only minor changes to the combat system. As for the naval combat, your new ship, the Morrigan, is a faster, less heavy-hitting version of the Jackdaw. The major changes besides speed and firepower are the removal of chain shots and double heavy shots, so you need to rely on the mortar more than before and employ different tactics against Man’O Wars. The only change of combat ashore is the fact that you have access to an air rifle, which can do the same as the blowpipe in Black Flag and additional area-of-effect attacks with the same status effects besides that.

Balance: Every single system is just as unbalanced and easy as it was in Black Flag, except the monetary system, which is even cheaper than before; I had a solid two million pounds by the end of the game, a game in which the most expensive weapon costs like thirty thousand pounds.

Overall, despite its lack of innovation, this is a fairly good game, and everyone who is okay with said lack of innovation could probably consider buying this without much of a second thought.
 

EnterHolocene
48 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
107.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
one of the greatest assassins creed games ever
 

#💥lo lasalom💥™
82 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2019
My 2nd assassin's creed love it <3
 

Player Of Game
81 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
"Uphold the principles of our Order, and all for that for which we stand. Never share our secrets nor divulge the true nature of our work. Do so until death -- whatever the cost. This is my new creed. I am Shay Patrick Cormac. Templar of the Colonial… of the American Rite. I am an older man now, and perhaps wiser. A war and a revolution have ended, and another is about to begin."

'May the Father of Understanding guide us all.'


Has its own reasons to defy the Brotherhood. Amazing Story! Beautiful visuals and optimization.. But I'd still say Vittoria Agili Assassini!.
 

_-ALPH4.C3Ph-_
177 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
109.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2019
You should buy it
 

=AIMN'T= Sunkist
60 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2019
So the script is flipped on this one. You are now a templar and have more money than you will ever have as assassin. Say what you want, but the Creed won't pay the bills.
 

DukeMachina
101 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
152.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2019
Best of series. Deep story along with fullfilling gameplay.
 

RecoveringAddict
101 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2018
Nothing new,nothing special,gameplay looks like AC IV Black Flag.But still fun for me :)
 

Jack - The Animal
152 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
berry nice
 

lightning
27 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2018
This games answered alot of my questions from AC3 and AC4. For example i always wondered why Achelies named us connor in AC3 but in this game we find out that his real son is named connor
 

jokersofgline
141 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2019
An absolute masterpiece.

I really enjoyed playing as Shay. You see him evolve through the story. He starts doubting people and their causes, he makes new friends like Monro (F for Monro).

Also a fun addition, the fact that for the biggest part of the game you're literally a (kind of) Royal Navy Commodore.

The only cons is it sometimes crashes.

8/10 would play again.
 

nam
60 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2019
What a fantastic game, based on the legendary Assassin’s Creed Black Flag, this game delivers an expanding experience for the previous game.

The music is fantastic as well , directing is stunning and is very fun to play.
 

Zarathos
228 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2018
In my opinion it's one of better titles in assassin's creed series.
You get to see fighting against an enemy that we only met as a hero.
We can be a hunter as a templar instead of hunting templars.
All in all one of my favorites
 

Marnypopis
108 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2018
This game is 99% the same as black flag. It could have been called black flag 2.

Same graphics, animations, gameplay mechanics.

Runs well and fun to play.

Story and characters are decent but not as interesting as black flag.

Recommended but advise to get it on sale.
 

Xhal
316 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2018
Probably the most interesting AC game ever.
Main theme is fantastic(the wonderful combination).
Minimized game size, very suitable for laptops not to mention the sea is never boring so bon voyage!
Good story and makes you think a lot.
...
Just buy it.(Better with a bundle if available.
 

我永远喜欢milet
125 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
has a black frenchman

i highly recommend this game, must play
 

frankleh
163 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2018
Amazing game! I love how they use real sea shantys for the sailors to sing. Also, how its not all in America, but has a lot of the game including the ending in Canada! :)
 

luigimcloud
442 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2018
Yes, Rogue hardly differs from Black Flag, but it's just right. Also some things will become more clear, cause this game connects the stories of AC3 and Black Flag.
 

Iron|Cu!
487 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2018
My favorite Assassin's Creed by far. Takes a different turn then the other games story-wise, which makes it exciting to play. Also the ship combat can be tough but it is rewarding.
 

Deathwish Jack
602 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2018
Good gameplay with an interesting story. Though the game is buggy and has glitches.

BUG Instances on my end:
1. Infinite loading screen
2. Monro's men started attacking Monro, though Monro and his men doesn't take any damage which ends up in an endless fight
3. Side quest not clearing after killing enemy captain when boarding

SOLUTION: Reloading to last checkpoint will fix the bugs,
There may be more bugs but still a good game nonetheless.
 

LordLauncelot
117 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
71.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2018
after I have play this game for a while it was great the Graphic is good, the gameplay was smooth and of course the story is actually mindblowing the only thing that were wrong about this game is the story actually short but the story is great and you want more its just awesome 9/10
 

Sol1han
47 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2018
TL:DR Review: 8/10 Still not good enough to take the spot of favorite or best in my opinion, but it's still fun and interesting. Definitely now at my #2 for the series

If you were to sell this game short you can say it's just blackflag 2.0 "Now with 207% more snow!". Game play wise The UI, the Animations, The gameplay mechanics (aside from some weapon differences), and out of the animus are actually identicle to black flag. simply reused. I was initially put off by the onslaught of deja vu I got when I saw the main menu the first second of the game, but I really don't view this as a bad thing in the long run. It's best to think of this game more as an expansion to Black Flag with it's own side story than it's own stand alone game. You'll have more fun in the long run.

The ship combat seems to have gotten easier (that or I was just playing dumb in black flag). Ships go down easier and you don't need to white knuckle your way through Man O' War fights anymore. The ship upgrading process seems less grindy to me now, and it honestly made my opinion of the ship combat higher. I was absolutely dreading the thought of Naval Combat catching on in later games when I was playing AC 3, and black flag cemented my fears in reality. This game seems to have polished it further and makes it actually entertaining to me now.

The regular classic gameplay on land is just as good as it is in every Assassin's Creed game. Though it's still the same mechanics as Black Flag, Black Flag polished it all to a point where I can comfortably say the word perfection. Rogue seems to focus more on this side of the game than the naval portion more, and this is definitely one reason I prefer this game to Black Flag. There's less big city than black flag, but there's alot more medium sized areas and it completely makes up for it all. Running around New York again was fun. My biggest gripe by far for land gameplay and really the game as a whole is the stalker enemies. They are absolutely everywhere, and the way the game notifies you they're around is this whispering noise. As a result 90% of the time you're on foot you'll only hear this noise. It gets extremely irritating after a while.

Now for the bugs (which Ubisoft games happen to have ALOT of)
The most trouble I had bug wise was 20 minutes into the game where i encountered a game breaking bug trying to dock at Anticosti. Had to restart the game from the beginning and retry. Since then i didn't encounter any other game breaking bugs. There was however a plethora of other bugs be them visual or created by the physics engine wigging out. I will admit though that I'm the kind of person who, if the bug isn't game breaking or locks me from acheiving an item or makes me fail a mission, I will just simply laugh at it. I genuinely found most of the bugs funny. A guard launching into space after i kill them, or invisible guys who only appear on the map and not in the game world itself made me giggle. I do know that there are a good amount of people out there who wouldn't find it funny though

Plot wise it's solid. Not excellent, but also nothing to sneeze at. They could have done better with Shay's background. The reappearance of characters from previous games tied with the overall story wove AC3, Black Flag, Rogue, and Unity together very nicely. Believe it or not but it actually feels like Ubisoft put some love into this one. Not too shabby for a game that was completely overshadowed by Unity after being born in the shadow of Black Flag. It really does feel like the passionate side project of a splinter team at the main studio. A side project that gets way less attention than it deserves


Final Verdict: I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was about as fresh as a "Tripple A" asset recycle can get and a much needed reprieve from the monotony of themes and cookie cutter characters all other Assassin's Creed games present to you. HOWEVER I will say this. Do NOT buy this game at full price. I got it on sale and don't regret it. It is what it is and that's an asset recycle. If the price dips below $10 USD then go for it and I promise you that you won't be dissapointed.
 

Roboto
146 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2018
Saw this online and I am taking it and running
Playing each game on my list for 1 hour then reviewing
Here is my review:

Of the 3 AC games that are centralized on a ship, this one is my favourite. Playing as an assassin turned templar is an interesting concept, and one of the better games in some time
 

slothmang
913 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2018
similar to assassin's creed rogue but in a different theme
good story, upgrade and customise your ship , raid other ship for ressources and money to upgrade your ship even more. complete story quests to unlock unique upgrades.
you also have the old school , "on-land" assassin's creed gameplay where you kill people with stealth or combat
my second favorite assassin's creed game i belive.
 

🐺Tormund Giantsbane
350 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2018
I haven't played Assassin's Creed since the first one came out on Xbox and that game was amazing. The same can be said for this game as well. The addition of being able to have ship battles is awesome. The story is great just like it was in the first game, unfortunately, it seemed short. I feel like I could have finished the whole story in about 8 hours. I found myself trying my hardest not to go through the main story and instead explore, complete side missions, and collect everything. This game is definitely worth buying.
 

YoJebus
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2017
Product received for free

So in my opinion this is the best assassin's creed so far. Sadly also the shortest with many side quest but a very short Main Quest
 

t0x1c-
47 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2017
pleasantly surprised with this one and it's now one of my favorite ACs. good balance of mission types so things don't get boring (like naval combat.....), beautiful graphics, cool story.
 

getupkid10
234 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2017
this game was ok in my opinion. brotherhood and revelation was by far better than this.
 

YungBaDak
105 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2017
♥♥♥♥ the self rightous assassins and their sneaky ♥♥♥♥ tactics.

If you feel the same way as I do, and enjoyed The Black Flag, then this game is probably for you!

Almost every seafighting mechanic is the same with TBF but in here you have modified cannon shots like the explosive one and so on. Seas are not at all as bright and calm as it was in the Carribbean, which makes you kinda gloomy after sometime. The cold setting has brought some new sea features such as ice breaking and icebergs which are a pain in the ass when fighting off the enemy ships.

Storyline is pretty short for a standalone game which is like 6 sequences or so. Also in my opinion the whole from assassin to Templar conversion is just too long. Might as well pop 2-3 missions with a good explanatory cutscene and let us fly the colours.

It feels genuinely good to hunt assassins down, as a person who has finished all the AC franchise games (some more than one), I always hated the assassins and their own self centered understanding of truth and freedom. In the end they are just some antipatic murderers who did not know what they were messing with. Meanwhile good guy Templars are just calculating, thinking, designing and keeping the order and peace. You will get to agree to that as you play along and see assassins and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. So yeah...

All and all there are some minor bugs and glitches, I had to reload saves like 2-3 times because the guy I was supposed to kill was non existent and so on but it is a Ubisoft game so you already know what you are signing up for.

As in performance it runs pretty smooth for a console port.

As conclusion: 8/10. Nothing extra new or special with the AC series but I hope to see a sequel to this one as playing as the Templars was pretty refreshing and badass. Get it while you can.
 

Perseus
636 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2017
Just Too Short for an AC game
 

Nala
100 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2017
easily one of my favorite games in the AC series
 

Jek
1,342 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2017
At first, i thought the this game was just for the ps3/xbox 360 community had something to consolidate them since they wouldn't be able to play AC Unity. But as i played, i saw the importance of the game, for all the recente and future games. The game links the story of AC III, AC IV, and AC Unity in a perfect way, and explains lots of things. The only problem is the Shay is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. When he discover that his Assassin Master is making wrong decisions, he quit the brotherhood and go work with templars, instead of looking for another Assassin Master to work with and show that Achilles did not know what him was doing. He just dropped and went crawling for the templars. But this dont make the game bad. It's very good. It's AC IV with less things to do. And the final mission, who links with AC Unity start, was an amazing thing.


8,5/10
 

John Winchester
384 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
140.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2016
My last playthrough of this game I pretty much summed this game up as an extension of AC4: Black Flag, not that that's a bad thing at all, but after playing this again I think that's really not a fair assessment of this game as a whole. Yes, it does reuse many assets, as it is just a side title that released alongside the next full entry, AC Unity, but it's a lot more than just a re-skin of Black Flag.

It's a shorter story experience but has a lot more going on in terms of exploration and sandbox gameplay, both land and naval, and even trimmed out some bad elements from Black Flag, in particular the awkward online/social elements. It generally refined the naval experience and put out a much more polished product overall, I think it's quite fair to call this more of a remastering of Black Flag's gameplay than simply an expansion. After playing both games back-to-back, I think I would actually recommend this over Black Flag in terms of gameplay and general fun.
 

StormRangerX
269 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2017
I love the AC series and tied with Black Flag, this is probably my favorite of the series.
 

glados
327 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2016
Product received for free

Really want more AC games like rogue. This game has a big map, great combat mechanics and a great story.
 

Erko
115 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2016
.
 

CalcPink
459 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2016
If you loved AC4: Blackflag, then you are sure to love AC: Rogue.
 

Ghøst
128 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2015
Product refunded

Worked for awhile now game cashed on me and unable to start to menu. rip 11.99
 

Mclover
340 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2015
Assassin's Creed 4 is still better though
 

LeanTesting™
57 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2015
Really like the game. Way better story than black flag and it explains a lot of things from the last game.
 

GaffeltruckN
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2015
You're a Templar, and you're allowed to kill civilians... 'nuff said.
 

The Oblivious Chicken
407 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
451.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2015
I dont think there was anything bad about this game.I personally loved everything about it.I think this game is worth every penny.perfect 10/10


 

X.Dead.But.Pretty.X
144 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
59.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2015
Best assassin's Creed since Brotherhood 10/10 would use grenade launcher again
 

Warffamous
709 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2016
This really is a good Assassin's Creed game, if you buy this you will be in for alot of surprises especially about certain characters which will be brought up! also the Versailles finale is great!

There are new weapons and parcour is pretty good if you ask me. (Even thought Shay has the same animations as Edward which is kind of a dissapointment but the story and setting makes up for it.)





Really, buy this game.
 

Klapjoker
129 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2015
People say this game is very similar to Black Flag, except you play for the Templar faction instead of the Assassins. Having not experienced that game, all of the goodness from Black Flag hits me for the first time because Assassin's Creed Rogue is one of the best games I have played in a long time.

Pro's:
There is so much to do. Some of it feels like filler and is not great, but because there is so much, there is also a lot that is fun. There are all kinds of missions, brigandage, ship upgrades, city upgrades, weapon upgrades, achievements, hunting, tomb raiding...you name it. In terms of gameplay content, this game rivals GTA V. It also looks good, especially the waves. Some of the coastal locations are scenic enough to stop you in your tracks and make you take a moment to appreciate them. Some of the music reminds me The Last of The Mohicans, which is awesome. The technical issues are minimal.

Con's:
The two main downsides are the story and the main character. When people saw the trailer for this game, they were worried that the main character was going to be an angsty emo (no one likes those) and I think it didn't turn out to be quite that bad, but the total sum of this guy is still unpleasant. He is a traitor (as the title of the game suggests) and the game keeps reminding you that, which makes me not want to play as him anymore; he is angsty; he kills his friends; he is a hypocrite; he is careless; the voice acting for this guy is bland and monotone.

As for the story. it feels rather forced, starting you off fighting for the Assassins faction and then shoving in the drama in order to forcefully change your course. Just let me play for the Templars from the start, people. Can someone explain to me how this franchise managed to maintain for so long that the group called "murdurers" are the good guys?! It irritates me immensely, much more than the silly story, which is why I chose this game to begin with, since it lets you play for the templars. And what does the game do? It forces me to play for the Assassins for the first 20% of the game.

One more minor downside is that the game of course has the patented Assassin's Creed climbing, which can be rather annoying when it does not work and it does not work a lot. You'll be chasing someone down the street and suddenly your character gets whisked away to the roof of one of the buildings on your side because you ran too close to one of those quick-climb contraptions and it triggered.

Conclusion:
If you can get over the annoyances of the story, then this is one of the better games in existence. However, if you have not played Black Flag, you may want to get that first or instead.
 

Jaydo
209 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2015
I got to sail a Man O' War.

.........

Take all my money.
 

KodaBlue
510 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
hmm what to say. well im only 5 percent done and really enjoy the game. the optimization is great. definmitely a must get, great story
 

Black IInsurgent
10 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10, 2019
If you like black flag, but as a templar
 

Dem0nFlare
2,113 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2020
Not bad
8/10
 

Kenny
518 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2019
9/10 you can pet dogs and pigs
 

Chito Sr.
74 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2015
What we should of had instead of Unity
 

Ahvulon Jun
174 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
123.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
I did not expect to like this game as much as I do, especially since it's a standalone in the game series. The combat and play style of Black Flag was improved upon and made even better in Rogue and I found myself loving every minute of it
 

WolfBane
723 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2015
Assassin's Creed Rogue, a short but juicy storyline that tells a story of Shay Cormac and a random guy at Abstergo. You betray your creed because they do not realize how powerful the artifacts of the Ones That Came Before are and are continually investigating on precursor sites and destroying cities. This game shows that not all Templars (especially Haytham and Shay) are bad guys and not all Assasins are good guys. Oh yeah, and the guy at Abstergo. You play as him in first person and is being bossed around by a few people because you're a "numbskull" and you get lost around the place often. You only play as him when you need to fix Abstergo servers to unlock the other parts of Shay's story. Everytime you pop out of Shay's story just to fix servers, try... not to smash your screen ok? Like I said, this game is short but amazing. It only took me 12 hours to finish the story and not the side quests.
 

IDontLiftICarry
38 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2016
This game is an exact copy of the AC: Black Flag in every way. And it's not a bad thing if you really enjoy sea battles, upgrading a ship and jumping from island to island.
There are 2 sea zones with islands and one zone of land (New York).

I always like the city-part in Assassin's Creed games. Maybe that's why I didn't enjoy the exploration of islands, because there are many of those and there is nothing to do there (looting few chests, some collectibles and some random wild animals for skin hunting). The sea battles are always the same and they didn't improve those since the Black Flag, so there is literally nothing new to make it feel worth your time.

Apart from that, the story is quite unique. For the first time you will experience the story from a Templar perspective and there will be some nice story correlations with other AC games. I really liked the ending.
 

Matrix
1,944 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
Great game so far, I have not finished it, its been great with everything it runs smooth most of the time and the story is great... but i do have to say there are issues with the graphics at times and the subtitles dont seem to always match up with the character mouth movement in cutscenes, becasue of this it makes the game a little less enjoyable but besides those things I love the game and am looking forward to finishing it!!
 

maximoose
130 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 21
Pretty cool.
 

Luca|EzioTheDeadPoet
323 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2020
Story was really good, slightly shorter than other AC games but that's okay. Plays like AC4 which was an amazing game.
 

AquaShadow
257 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2020
Gameplay wise, it's almost the same thing as AC4. If you want more of that, go for it.
 

Booradley
249 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
235.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2019
lovely game i really like shay's catchphrase "i make my own luck"
 

_ROGUE_ALBAYANO_
61 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2017
if you get this on a big sale, then its worth it, but it shows very early that this is more of a quick moneygrab than a new game, the graphics are INCREDIBLY baseline such as bushes dont move when you enter them, they are static 2d images. the stupid out of animus stuff is still around for some reason.
 

Maverick
306 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2020
New perspective on the Assassin vs Templar war. The story is good but felt too short. The world is vast, but felt repetitive and empty. The story only should take only 10 hours, but it could take up to 40-45 hours to explore every single place.

Gameplay is good, but sometime feels a bit wonky, and accidentally do different move than intended. I recommend this games for the fans of the franchise. If not, better purchase the main game Assassin's Creed Unity.
 

d8shot
101 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2020
I had mix feelings the first time I played this game since I loved the Brotherhood very2 much.. When I first played it, I just play it for the sake of completing the game for ubi credits.. Now, playing it again, I understand why Shay decided to go rogue and hunt down his former brothers and sisters.
 

V
60 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 11, 2020
Not a terrible game but aside from the story, there is nothing you won't have already experienced in previous games in the series. Basically this is Black Flag but with a few new environments thrown in. Generally speaking I feel you would be better off buying Black Flag instead of this as it has a stronger story, more to do and better characters.
 

r.card
1,062 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2016
Amazing, one of the best AC's, would recommend playing this before Unity, stories match up great!!! Would play AC 4 before this one too.

Only negative, on a newer Graphics driver the snow glitches when walking on it. However, this isn't a huge issue as you don't spend much time really walking on the snow. So if you can look past it, it is not a huge problem.

Maybe using the driver that came out on release day may fix this.
 

Rowlio102
110 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2017
Just another Assassins Creed game with bunch of sailing, jumping on roofs and killing people. The plot makes surprisingly a little more sense than in previous games, revenge plots are always decent because you want to kill all of those bastards, the same in Assassins Creed 2, and finally you get to murder the assassins. Since they started to profile like commies, I wanted to kill them and now I got the chance, templars are just little bit more cool. Runs like a charm on PC. All in all, much better game then Unity or Syndicate.
 

Captain Diabetes
917 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2021
this assassin's creed game is one of the best one out there
 

stardust123190
55 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
71.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 22
Very fun and entertaining. One of the best Assassin's Creed games out there. Story-line is way too short though. Play Assassin's Creed Black Flag first. 9/10
 

Nyxia
40 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 18
Best ac game
 

KrisFeelFine
160 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 15
Playing as a Templar feels so wrong, yet the gameplay feels so right.
 

HyperDebtRay
500 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2021
Foda demais
 

DARK_PUNISHER
284 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2021
I make my own luck.
 

WackerWeddy
137 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2021
great
 

Zentro
7 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2019
The story is set in the mid-18th century during the Seven Years' War, and follows Shay Patrick Cormac, an Assassin-turned-Templar who hunts down former members of his Brotherhood after being betrayed by them.
Story is short but is quite fun to play when you have all DLC.
 

Jony-
187 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2019
Another good AC, not quiet up to AC4 but still not too shabby. This one's a bit weird because the world is massive and there's loads of places to go but you literally never have to. I'd do the same thing as I recommended for 3 and just play this for the story. If the story doesn't take place on an island there is literally no reason to go there. I will mention that the naval fleet you get to control is much more polished and actually makes sense but again, there's no reason to ever look at it or capture ships for it. Seems like this game had some great ideas they popped in the game but if you don't need to use them they're just there for looks
 

ｋａｊ
533 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2021
This review is part of a series, so it is more of a comparison to the other games rather than an individual review.
Play time: 20-25 hours

Story: 7/12
The story is pretty average. It tries to take an interesting approach by making you side with the Templars, but it's very similar to how Battlefront 2 handled siding with the Empire. It doesn't even attempt to make the Templars seem like a misunderstood villain, but rather just an alternative to a corrupt hero.

Setting: 5/12
Exploring the American coasts is nowhere near as fun as the Caribbean in Black Flag, so it feels a bit disappointing if you come directly from that game to this one.

Combat: 7/12
The combat is basically just a slightly less fun version than Black Flag, so there's not much more to say about it. The ability to have a rifle is slightly interesting. There's also a unique feature where you can get assassinated, instead of usually doing the opposite. Let's just say that it's a good thing Rogue is the only game which attempted this.

Missions and side activities: 6/12


Assassin: 4/10
Like everything else in Rogue, Shay is... Alright. He isn't a dislikable character, but he also isn't one that you remember anything about after you finish the game.

Overall rank: 6/12
Rogue is just a completely middle-of-the-road Assassin's Creed game. It isn't a game that you really think about when you hear the name "Assassins Creed", but it's also not one that you intentionally try to forget.
 

JKHasting
148 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2021
Very nice game. Not too long, nor too short. For me it's just perfect!
 

InquisitorVanoiv
113 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2021
Most definately probably the most enjoyable storyline ive played in an AC game before. and unlike black flag, game seems to have pretty good optimization for PC's. Highly Recommended
 

dalmatian700
699 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2021
After taking a long pause from the AC franchise after Black Flag(7 dec 2015), I decided to go back to the franchise because I really wanted to do something else of a game and I always liked the AC franchise so I just took a tour back to it.
The game itself is fantastic, I could recall it really looks like Black Flag, plays a lot the same but was for me to step back in was really fun.
This is one of the few games I have a 100% completion on, okay it took me 65 hours, but I really enjoyed it and since it was such an original and fun story it was 65 hours well spend. I really liked the cross over part, it really was something new to the game and also the cross over to AC 3 and Black Flag and a liltle subtile hint to AC Unity was awesome.
The only thing I disliked a little bit was you needed your stones for the renevations, but since you needed so few of your stones I really sold a ♥♥♥♥ ton of it, so they could have balanced that more with the wood/metal/clothes.

The only really con for me is Ubisoft Center/Uplay it self.
I have as it is 2 accounts on Uplay (because I forgot my password from my main account so I made a 2nd) but since you bind your game at the beginning to your e-mail adress you can't switch it back to your other account. So, to my point, I did it on my main account with the thought I wouldn't have to inlog EVERY SINGLE TIME to it. As it was, I had, every single time I automattically logged in to my 2nd account which was really, really, really frustrating. I mean, it cost me like 1 min every time to log off and log in on my other account but I just hated everything about this BS. Now I continue just with my 2nd account because I am not going to have 100 e-mails again with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ verifaction code.
Outside of this, it was a really enjoyable game.
 

{K>.<A} Android 18 | II-M-A |
211 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2020
Very epic and offers a rich story line and awesome combat.
 

Yevrah
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2020
gg
 

Rabbid Fanatic
366 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
119.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2020
really love it would very much reccomend this game if u like assassin creed the story is short but its still great and replayable
 

poo
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2019
One of the best in the series, period.
 

★ Mundy
404 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2019
Nice city collapse
 

Hurb
66 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2020
Great prequel/sequel to Black Flag. Enjoyed the journey, completed it 100% with all challenges.

Great graphics, still buggy as fk like any other assassins creed, but overall it was a great journey.
Moving forward to Unity.
 

KenoKereStyle
325 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2020
This is probably my favorite AC post glory days ezio games. It is very short though compared to other ac titles clocking in at only 6 sequences. However most of the problems I had with black flag were remedied with this game. this game is to ACIV like how ACB is to AC2.
Improves on alot of things it does minimize the ship garbage a bit more and the story is very solid despite its shortness. Please play this before unity as it directly ties into it and the ending of rogue literally causes the events of Unity. You could say this is the really last good AC before ♥♥♥♥ enters the mediocre and really bad territory. This game also always makes me wanna go full on templar shay is really cool and this is probably one of the harder ACs with certain types of enemies in the game.
 

Drake Platinum THE WORLD
877 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2019
To the one person that will read this, its pretty good. a little short, but definitely one of the best assassins creeds in my opinion
 

KingKi
339 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2019
Underrated game imo.
 

Godd Howard
65 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2018
Lovely game! Althought I’ve played only 6 hours, but I already love this game and I’ll continue playing it 100%. Very optimised. On my weak laptot it gives me stable 60 fps:))))
 

Jedi Master “Markenste”
10 products in account
4
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2017
awesome game (upgrade your mortars etc before you play the cold fire mission)
 

whyknot
123 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2016
Damn it feels good to be a templar.--Geto Boys, 2015
 

Chambill
178 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2019
Only problem I have with it is that it's so short... 6 sequences, oof. I have to spend more time collecting than doing the story in this in comparison to black flag, because there are probably waaayyyy too many places to visit and collect that are kinda irrelevant to the story. I kinda forgot how black flag was but there were definitely fewer locations than this. Though.... black flag had way to many uncharted collectables, and I feel like that balances out.

Either way, still a pretty good game as you get to see things from the perspective of the 'enemy' in the usual assassins creed games.

 

Wind2048
195 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2017
It's like ACIII and Black Flag had a baby. And yes it's a good thing.
I don't remember much of the game except that boat battles were amazing.

All in all, this is the most underrated assassin's creed game of the series.
 

l0r1n
312 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2016
FINALLY!! A story that is worth while mentioning in this polarizing franchise. Rogue manages to tell a story about an Irishman that decides one day "hey ♥♥♥♥ the assassin's! They can be a-holes for the majority of the time. Lemme join the Templars". Interestingly enough, it works.... and it works well.

Fighting assassin's is a lot harder than fighting templars and that's what completely shifts the game mechanics compared to previous entries. Story hasn't been this interesting since maybe Brotherhood. Gameplay is the same as Black Flag with a few minor improvements but still the same. Music is great. Shay is great. Only things I disliked was just how uninteresting the setting was and how poorly textured everything was. It was optimized fine for how simple the engine is but the textures looked like dough compared to Black Flag.

Overall, this was a good experience. I had minimal expectations for this game but it proved to be better than both Unity and Syndicate.

8/10 would sail into Halifax again
 

Kennith Linguine
314 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2015
"How many times do I have to tell you, Liam? I make my own luck."

Assassin's Creed Rogue; The 7th main game in the series (Well main console game in the series. following the events of AC Black Flag, acting as a prequel to the events of Assassin's Creed III. In the first of two recent games in this mighty franchise, we follow the accounts of Shay Cormac, an aspiring, moral-yet-crass Assassin whose only wish is to make the world a better place. From the get-go, we feel a bit of a connection with Shay, but at the same time, you don't really get that strong of a connection until a bit later. After a string of successful missions, Shay learns of an artifact that has been the focus of all the games: The Apple of Eden. Upon learning of its true power, he begins to wonder if what he's doing is the right thing. When things unfold, he is betrayed by those he once called brothers, and is picked up by the Templars and eventually becomes one of them. With a new mission and a new outlook, he hunts down the Brotherhood to prevent them from destroying the world.

I won't spoil more than that, cause that's pretty much the box text, but now to the review itself....I loved this game. It is fantastic. It is definitely a shorter game than its predecessors, but to pack as much as they did in 15-20 hours and still make it compelling? Brilliantly done. This game...was more intense than the majority of the games. In terms of that intensity, I think it rivals that of the Ezio trilogy. Specifically Revelationss. You can feel the deep-seeded hatred and regret that Shay feels for the Brotherhood. He bled for them, and he was willing to die for them...only to have it thrown in his face...I held my breath more times than any other AC game thus far. If you're a fan, I definitely recommend it. I have nothing else to say other than you need to play it. You feel for Shay even if he logic isn't entirely sound at points. The only negative thing about it?...ummm....the combat was a bit choppy when fighting on ship decks and it made chain kills a bit difficult. Aside from that, well done, Ubisoft. Time to buy Unity and play it! :D
 

SorenWraitheart
213 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2021
Another day and more time wasted on incomplete store page content information - read my full review.

I had to request a refund of my Assassin's Creed - Rogue Deluxe purchase, as it contains the Time Saver Packs, which can not be disabled.



The Time Saver Packs serve as a way to give you, let's say a shortcut/advantage
Activities Pack - revealing all of the activity locations on your map;
Collectibles Pack - revealing all of the collectibles locations on your map;
Resource Pack - Increase your Ship’s cargo storage limit to the maximum upgrade of 2500 and obtain 500 additional Metal, Wood, Cloth, Stone and Tobacco resources;
Technology Pack - Obtain all the Upgrade Blueprints to unlock the Elite ship upgrades
The Time Saver Packs content can be unlocked, simply by playing the game. It's up to you to decide whether you want the ''shortcut'' those packs give. If you don't want them then don't buy the Deluxe Edition but buy the Base Game + Templar Legacy Pack.

However, the Steam store page info about Templar Legacy Pack is incomplete. That is a problem because it turns out that this DLC actually has the Deluxe Content but without the Time Saver Packs. So here's some info from Ubisoft's page: ''Please note that the completion of the Siege of Fort de Sable is required in order to generate and unlock the chest that contains all items in the explorer pack and Master Templar pack.''

As the Templar Legacy Pack contains the ''Siege of Fort de Sable'' and from the above info ''Siege of Fort de Sable'' is required to unlock the Explorer pack and Master Templar Pack, then it seems like Templar Legacy Pack contains the Deluxe Edition items, except for the Time Saver Packs.

Also, when I launched the game it says I've unlocked the following:
Commander Pack
Explorer Pack
Fort De Sable (is unlocked after completing sequence 2; it is marked and accessible from the North Atlantic)
Officer Pack
Sir Gunn's Quest
Templar Pack
 

brake
3,187 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
Fun re-visit of old characters from a new perspective. It's like Assassins Creed III but with Black Flag's mechanics, it's cool
 

lioness4025
18 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2016
One of the best games i have ever played. It keeps you on the edeg of you seat the hole time and it has so many aspects form other games and it makes it three times better.
 

Ragnar
293 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 5
Had enough with playing cringe conspiratorial nihilistic anarchist pirates and decided to play based conspiratorial nihilistic totalitarian privateers instead.

Was not disappointed.
 

Galloglasses
405 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2015
So Assassin's Creed has been one of my all time favorite game franchises. I've played every single game so far and have loved every one of them (don't get me wrong, some installments are weaker than others such as AC Revelations and AC 3 but I still enjoyed them nonetheless). I played Unity and heavily enjoyed it, despite what everyone has said about it's technical problems. But I loved it and so I ended up pre-ordering this game. I then played through it and I must say, this game blows some of the previous games out of the water because of it's rather darker storyline and the insane amount of stuff to do in the world, surpassing even Black Flag's scope of activities and side stuff. It really is an absolute shame that this game will be passed on by most gamers for 3 reasons. 1. It's a last gen game and everyone is more interested in next gen tech and gaming. 2. Unity's bad reputation has turned many people off from the series which is really unfortunate because they'll miss out on this amazing iteration in the series. and 3. Simply because it's a AAA title. This game is an amazing tie in to AC 3, AC4, and Unity. I would say that this game is pretty perfect on all cylinders. My only real complaint is that the campaign is probably the shortest campaign yet in the franchise, comprised of only 6 sequences. But it makes up for it with the amount of stuff you can do outside of the story. I would easily say this game is a 10/10, will play again.
 

Tylermcd93
320 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2017
This game is really bad, but it does have some redeeming qualities, but all of them are found in black flag. I'll list my likes and dislikes down below

Pros:
-The Naval combat in the North Atlantic is fun because of the ice
-Some of the bug were fun and made me laugh.

Cons:
-Short Story Not even five hours (PS. I was just privatering and upgrading my ship for like 14 hours and I left in on while I was Eating and watching Youtube, so that's why I have 20ish hours.)
-Boring Story
-Boring Characters
-No Character development
-Little to no effort into making the player question who the bad guy really is, because they just make the assassins look like careless morons who are willing to work with thugs.
-Stupid ship movement, That meaning the man of wars turn way to quickly and the Storm Fortress turns faster than your ship which makes no sense. Maybe Templar Technology?
-Game breaking bugs. I had a bug where an assassination target who T pose and fly around while shooting making is nearly impossible to kill him.
-Waves break the camera. I couldn't see anything while fighting in storms and was shooting blindly hoping to hit, and that goes to another point
-Overly easy naval combat. Now don't get me wrong I love the naval combat, but it required no effort at all to win battles. An example was when I fought two man of wars with almost no upgrades and won. The exception being the Storm Fortress but that's not hard its just broken to make it hard.
-Broken Controls. Now you may be thinking is nit piking, cause anyone who's played an AC game will know the controls are terrible, but this was just horrendous, I would lose fights because I couldn't counter attacks because it wasn't registering me hitting the key even though I did, and I would be climbing and I would just jump off a tower and kill myself.

That about it, this was not worth 15 bucks (I got it on sale.) and I think it should of been a dlc for BF anyways that it.

Sorry for any terrible grammer or spelling im writing this at 4 and I'll be far too lazy to edit it later.
I'm also retarded.
 

Chicken By Cheeselight
371 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2017
I played this on both a xbox and a humble working computer, and it works marvelously on a technical level
Not only that, but this is finally an assasins creed game that actually makes you question wheter the assassins are truely the good guys, and that actually makes you understand a templars point of view. Well done, indeed
 

PotatoEgg
591 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2015
Gameplay: fantastic as black flag. Typical assassin's creed with a mix of naval warfare. They added and enhanced many things from black flag.


Story: The story is quite weird on this one but very interesting. You need to play this AC to be able to clearly understand the next AC games.


Graphics: Unfortunately they failed to render the graphics as AC black flag and unity. Typical old gen graphics with a huge lack of polygons. Luckily the game is working on DX11 which improve a lot of things but the overall, characters, animals, the blurry sea etc, feels old gen. After all this game is an old gen console port.

 

Tech 99
49 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2020
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics dont matter in this game
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful

~ STORY ~

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing Temple Runners for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Epic story
☑️ Imagine Kingdom Hearts but on crack

~ PRICE ~

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
☑️ Perfect Price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

☑️ You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
☑️ Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
🔲 No ending

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
☑️ If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
☑️ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes
 

3GLynardi
69 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2021
Yessss.. I bought the game despite me promising to wait till sales after ubisoft scam me with the Lost archive DLC that breaks game.. Why? because Black flag ends too happily..I had to google a map coordinate adn saw google tab "HOW DOES EDWARD KENWAY DIE?" So i expected the whole game to end terribly and horribly for him but I am glad edward kenyway got a happy ending with legacy of son but I need more so i had to buy it,that is all. I am sincere in my statements ubisoft SO BEHOLD ME:

YouTube™ Video: Good Games back in the day #1 (MX UNLEASHED) 
Views: 19,430
Bored?...This the first episode of a series called "Good Games to buy." This an old favorite of mine called MX Unleashed.
 

Xander cage
535 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 17
This game looks a lot like Black Flag for obvious reasons. However, it seems a lot less grainy and feels like it runs smoother. It has a very noticeable change in looks. I honestly prefer the way this game looks over Black Flag. This game feels a lot like Black Flag, but it's nothing like AC III Remaster to the Liberation "remaster" port. Whistle distance is visible, which is a rather nice addition. The amount of tools at your disposal in this game feels nice, because it gives you many different options. Overall, it was a pretty good story compared to how short the game actually is. This game makes you feel and understand both sides of the coin. The only slight annoyances I had with this game were the kill cameras and naval fleet missions. The camera would occasionally break for me during counter-kill shots making me look at nothing. As for the naval mission, they were fine in Black Flag and they're fine here. The problem is how they are staged. You gain access to them after completing a certain requirement of story missions, this is also fine. I have no problem with the fact that like 10 naval missions take 2+ hours each. Why are they all stuck together at the end of the game? Why are you given access to do the last few naval missions, that each take 3+ hours, at the END of the game? There's nothing left to do at that point, I would rather have them towards the start, middle, or spread throughout the story.
 

Skilu
284 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2020
Product received for free

AR
اللعبة خرافية تستاهلتتلعب
 

Basim Abdullah
1,004 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2020
Does not properly support windowed mode or ultra wide
 

NAY OUR UNSULLIED PAPER
2,424 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2018
Finaly you can take out your frustration at failing an annoying objective on helpless civilians.
IMO the best new mechanic any AC game has ever added
 

Disaster
208 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
71.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2019
Black flag clone with less appealing character but overall on sale, not a bad buy.
 

Wayz
232 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2019
Good but short game, in my opinion the protagonist has perfectly logical reasons to join the templars and I also liked how we got a full perspective of why the templars do what they do and that the assassins have taken poor decisions as an organization. The game even made me question if the assassins where the good guys in this universe, gameplay is almost the the same as black flag and that's great, It's really good in my opinion.

overall I think this game is worth giving a shot specially if you like the old AC games.
 

bluespark_2000
116 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
60.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 21
ასასინების თამაშების კიდევ ერთი ტრილოგიის დასასრული, თუმცა ვერ ვიტყოდი რომ ყველაზე ძლიერია. მესამე ნაწილი ბევრად უფრო მრავალფეროვან სამყაროს გვთავაზობს, თუმცა კი ჩამოუვარდება საზღვაო ნაწილით, მაგრამ საზღვაო ნაწილის უპირატესობა უფრო მეოთხეს დამსახურებაა ვიდრე ამის. თამაშის მსვლელობაზე ვერაფერი განსაკუთრებული დაემატება დავიზუალურადაც იგივეა ფაქტობრივად.
მოვლენები სუსტი აქვს ამ თამაშს. სულ ისეთი შეგრძნება მქონდა, რომ ის პერსონაჟი რაც თავიდან არის, მწერალს რომ არ დაეძალებინა იმ აბსუდული არჩევნების გაკეთება, რაც შემდგომში გააკეთა, არავითარ შემთხვევაში არ უღალატებდა საძმოს, ან სულ ცოტა ტემპლარების მხარეზე არ გადავიდოდა. გულცივად კლავს ყველა თავის მეგობარს და ღირსეულ ადამიანს, ისე რომ მასზე ზეგავლენას ეს არ ახდენს არანაირად. ასევე უცნაურია ასასინების სახვა მხრიდან წარმოჩენა, რადგან მათ ყოველდღიურ სახეს, ქალაქში გამაგრებული ყაჩაღები წარმოადგნენ, რომლებიც ჩრდილიდან იმართებიან. უცნაური არაა, რომ ასასინებს საზოგადოების დაბალი ფენები ეხმარებოდნენ, ელიტისტი ტემპლარების წინააღმდეგ, თუმცა ცოტა ლოგიკას მოკლებულია, რომ ორგანიზებული დანაშაულის თავში თვითონ ასასინები დგანან. ესენი ყველაზე მეტად მომხვდა თავლში, თუმცა არც დანარჩენი ისტორიაა განსაკუთრებით კარგი.
მუსიკალურად კი წინ გადადგმული ნაბიჯია, წინა ნაწილებთან შედარებით, მუსიკა კიდევ უფრო კარგად არის მორგებული გარემოს, ხოლო მთავარი თემა ჩემი ფავორიტია ყველა სხვას შორის. უნდა ითქვას, რომ ჩნდება შეგრძნება თითქოს ეს თემა მესამე ნაწილს უფრო მოუხდებოდა, მოტივი ინდიელების ჰანგებზე და ჟღერადობაზეა გადაკეთებული, ხოლო შეგრძნება სიდიადისა და დიდი უბედურების მომასწავებელია ერთდროულად.
7/10 ამ თამაშს ჩემგან. წინა ორი თამაშის შემცირებული მსგავსებაა, თუმცა ეს სიცუდეს არ ნშინავს. უბრალოდ ახალი ტყავით ნაჩვენები, კარგად ნაცნობი ძველია.
 

Achrdili
1,029 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
112.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2019
This is another pirate-themed Assassin's Creed game, similar to Black Flag, but set in the North Atlantic.

This is the second Assassin's Creed I have played to completion, and probably the last one. For the life of me, I don't understand what is the point of the stupid cutaways to an office in Canada that only serve to destroy the pacing of the game and story. Does anyone play these games for the modern sections? If so, they should be put on some sort of watchlist.

The best way to critique this game would be to compare it to Black Flag. Black Flag is set in the Carribean, and is simply gorgeous. It is hard to beat islands, jungles, costal towns, and mayan temples for an escapist location. Rogue is set in the frigid North Atlantic coasts of America and Canada. This might sound boring, and perhaps a step down, but I was pleased to find that it was anything but. For one, Rogue's skies are far more gorgeous and lively than those of Black Flag, with more variance in clouds and sunsets. Also, at night the Northern Lights illuminate the entire sky and add a sense of majestic scale to everything. The snow covered landscapes are also extremely beautiful to traverse, and the waters are more varied, from shallow rivers to iceberg peppered seas, which visually add more than the endless uniform carribean sea. Also, the colonial towns are much more interesting to see and traverse than the hovels of the Carribean islands. The forests in Rogue are larger and more open than the Jungles of Black Flag, which were often disappointingly linear.

Second, in terms to combat, Rogue is extremely similar to Black Flag, except that Shay, the main character, is given a clockpunk grenade launcher that adds a new layer to battle strategy and is extremely useful for dealing with large mobs. Additionally, while in certain parts of the map, Shay is hunted by assassins, which triggers a minigame in which you must uncover NPCs that use the same game mechanics you do before they leap out and murder you, a definite highlight of the game. There are more dangerous wildlife, including polar bears and black wolves, which make exploring the forests much more tenuous.

In respect to ship combat, once again the games are almost identical, except that now there are ship-damaging icebergs can be used to your advantage. Also, your ship is equipped with a clockpunk puckle gun, which when upgraded can wipe out the enemy crew without even needing to board them. Also, enemy ships can now board yours, which is another layer of depth to the already superb ship combat.

Last of all, the story of Rogue is incredible. You play as Shay Cormac, an Irish assassin and pirate during the French and Indian war, who is disillusioned by the Colonial Assassins, who see genocide as an acceptable mean to their ends, and defects to the Colonial Templars, who at the time are noble explorers and statesmen dedicated to protecting the colonies. This leads Shay to fighting the Assassins, who control New York with an army of gangsters and later attempt to gas its civilian population. Eventually, in order to stop the Assassins from literally destroying the entire world, Shay is forced to hunt down his old friends and even former characters of previous games in an extremely heartbreaking and compelling narrative.

All in all, I definitely recommend this game to fans of Black Flag and Assassin's Creed, especially since it seems that there are dozens of games in the franchise and this one tends to get overlooked. However, I must say that although I have poured over 150 hours into Black Flag, for some reason I have put this one down after only about 30 and I'm not sure why. On one hand, I was much more invested in Rogue's story, which is why I plowed through it quicker. On the other, there are certain mechanics, such as the icebergs, snow storms, and multiple wind gusts, that interrupt me while I travel in Rogue, making it difficult to aimlessly sail the sea in my ship, listening to my crew sing and enjoying the scenery, which is something I still boot up Black Flag to do after all these years of playing it. Still, would definitely recommend.
 

wasimohee
102 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
My favorite Assassins Creed game to date. Extremely unpredictable ending. Great main character. The voice acting is hit and miss but for the most part good. I ways liked the Templars better than the assassins anyway.

9/10
 

HÆDRIAN
299 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2021
По сути это большой аддон для AC4 Black Flag. Это в принципе та же игра, те же механики(плюс пару мини новых - типа газовой маски на костюме и захвата аванпостов с их лидером/капитаном). Тот же морской адвенчуринг и бой с другим кораблем правда. Легендарные бои были довольное легкие, в отличии от 4ки. Другие локации - субакртика, довольно красиво. Другой сюжет - можно сказать интерквил между 4 и 3 со знакомыми персонажами как 4ой так и 3ей частей. И даже можно сказать частично приквел Unity. Но на этом все в принципе. Неплохой 40 часовой (100%) сюжетный аддон, но чуть поменьше блек флага. Вообщем - 7.5/10
 

ideadkyn
1,120 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2017
Very Meh.

Pros:
Ship battles are really fun just like in Black Flag
The blow gun and grenade launcher are cool

Cons:
Horrible console graphics.
Story is ok but there is no reason at all to hunt, craft, upgrade anything, visit any extra location, or do anything other than fast travel to the main missions. It's a Ubisoft game so there's a thousand points on the map and a ton of worthless things to collect that you never will.

If you're a big AC fan and want to play them all I would recommend this for $5-$10.
 

ARMOR_152
156 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2017
TLDR: Black Flag homemade ripoff with reused AC3 assets. Yeh, just as bad as it sounds.

I've recently bought that AC bundle with Black Flag, Unity, Rogue and Syndicate so that I could catch up on the AC:Origin story. I played Origin first, but then I felt like beating games that I missed before getting too far into it. Back in the day Black Flag was the last AC I played (and totally loved it, 2nd best AC after AC2). So, the other three games in a bundle were pretty new to me since I didn’t know anything of a story or what am I getting myself into. I won't go into many details but

But

Rogue is the worst Assassin's Creed game I have ever played. Writing, story, gameplay and all the possible things are just horrible. Character development, story consistency? Nope. It feels like a cheap Black Flag DLC that was made by some sub division of Ubisoft college students who were told to make a game to graduate. They pushed the agenda and idea of the game so hard they forgot to make it sound reasonable. Imagine a protagonist who is happy that he finally became an assassin in training, but hates being ordered around by his mentors and constantly complains about them ordering: they are assasins, assassins are free and equal; he whines about killing people yet as soon as he kills someone he didn't want to kill a moment ago he makes fun of them for the solo reason of "You are bad!", just to cry about the fact how inappropriate it was to kill someone, but Templars/assassins are bad, but killing is bad too and so on and so forth; assassins are shown as bandits who terrorize civilians for the solo purpose of making Templars look good. Templars are British and Assassins are French. Not some secretive organisations trapped in war for centuries, just legit british vs french soldiers with templar and assassin symbolics slapped on their asses for the sake of calling this game an Assassin's Creed.

At this very point of me writing (or in fact editing this review) I have played all AC games, all the way to and including Odyssey and I have to say that Rogue is literally the worst. Gameplay wize it's even less fun than original Assassins Creed. And let’s be honest while AC was boring it had great story that was original enough to suffer through repetetive and dull gameplay, but Rogue isn't just boring, it has horrible story on top of that. Seriously it's just bad. If I wasn’t planning to beat all the AC games I’d quit it within the first hour and asked for a refund. But alas, l suffered through the bloody thing just for the sake of being able to say that I've played and finished all AC games.

P.S. Since I am Russian I was forced to play in Russian language (thanks ubisoft) and while I always prefer original English sound and text in my games; I don't hate Russian voice-overs as it is. Russian localisation is never as good as English one, but it's not horrible at the same time (there are a few games that has amazing translation, such as Warcraft 3 and Witcher 3 though). Though that said - all the puns, accents and whatnot are usually lost in the process of translating. Now, since that is out of the way, let me get back to Rogue: the Russian voice-over is even worse than the game itself. I mean boi the Russian voice-over is so freaking cringy. It ruins any little immersion that game manages to achieve.

P.P.S. Hearing "I make my own luck" 20 or so times within 4 hours of gameplay is painful.
 

UwU
858 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
179.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2021
One of my favorite AC.
 

KDaCC
181 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
82.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
the coolest templar ever,



of course jack weeks
 

Amerta
116 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2018
this is very much like AC III and black flag combined into one game. in my opinion, if you like ship missions more, go with black flag.
 

christian
68 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
406.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2017
I absolutely loved this story. Beating the hell out of Achilles and his multi-kulti gang of thugs was so satisfying. The Seven Years War provided a good backdrop to the story. The war mechanics were really fun too,
 

alex
284 products in account
3
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
First of all, it is a good game. It has a lot of elements from AC3 but more. The graph is good as usual. However, the bugs, they are frustrating. And the collisions are not very good.
 

Sharlatan
82 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
Shays Rebellion
This really should've been a DLC to Assassin's Creed 4. Nothing changes its the same but the templars view of things. Which I would argue is better but thats left to oppinion. The Story is a bit better than 4, But is very short. At the end of the day you know what happens in Asssasins Creed 3 so Shays part in the series amounts to ♥♥♥♥ all. So if your pirate boner is left lustin fo more then you might want to buy this game. Otherwise I would sudgest Syndicate. At least there is a train in that one.

M
 

Display_Name_Error
340 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 14
⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠘⡿⢛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⢻⣿⣿⠃⠸⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⠼⣛⣛⣭⢭⣟⣛⣛⣛⠿⠿⢆⡠⢿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠸⣿⣿⢣⢶⣟⣿⣖⣿⣷⣻⣮⡿⣽⣿⣻⣖⣶⣤⣭⡉⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⢹⠣⣛⣣⣭⣭⣭⣁⡛⠻⢽⣿⣿⣿⣿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣽⡧⡄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣌⡛⢿⣽⢘⣿⣷⣿⡻⠏⣛⣀⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⠙⡅⣿⠚⣡⣴⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄
⠄⠄⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⣱⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠣⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠑⣿⣮⣝⣛⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄
 

♥el Yoink♥
33 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2020
ASSASSIN’S CREED® ROGUE:
Rogue, being a dark, narative driven game. Completely blew me away, with its great characters, and its visuals.
The setting of the game: The North Atlantic, is a snowy, cold, blue and desolate place. I never felt welcome when sailing through the NA, maybe intentional maybe not, i wouldnt know. The gameplay and combat of AC: Rogue is stellar.
In conclusion: From the begining i could feel the distrust shay was begining to build towards the creed, and i felt it too, from the great story, and gameplay, this game is almost the perfect Assassins Creed.
 

jay
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
The game is basically like ACIV: Black Flag with some improvements. I really liked the additions to the naval combat like other ships being able to ram you and try to board YOU (which really surprised me back when I played it on PS3).
Plus being able to play as Templar is something that should've been done sooner, it's really cool.
 

Blackbird
2,011 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
best ac game ever created by ubisoft the story is really good and fun you never get bored of it.
 

A living hell cs.money
82 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
242.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2016
a good comeback from the older ones, they reli stepped it up, tho it needs more gameplay too little to do...
 

Atomic_Diablo
47 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2020
Loved to play as a Templar and understood that "Nothing is True, Everything is permitted" does not end in a good way.
 

Aomine
138 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2015
this is a very good modern adaptation of black flag that gives u everything u know from black flag without making u have to actually to learn new mechanics
 

freelance math tutor
151 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2021
Вылизал на 100% и доволен собой
 

Аквамариновый Ангел
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2021
funny irish man slaughters the french
 

salad
100 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2017
Beaten! - 18 hours. 51% completion.

If you liked Assassins Creed 4 and its been a while since you played an AC game like me, then you might enjoy this. Is it radically different from 4? No, but it has the good bits (like the boat).
 

Oregono
1,404 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2016
One of my favorite Assasin's Creed games ever made. I bought this orginally on PS3, played the hell out of it and bought it again on the Thanksgiving sale that's how much I like it.

Playing as a Templer is an upgrade on just an Assassin that you play as in Black Flag as you get access to development of buildings (similar to AC 2) which helps with getting money and giving you less grinding to do (you only need to grind for resourses mainly metal and even that is easier in Rogue). It won't be long until you have more money then you know what to do with you get so much.

Everything is an upgrade on 4 from bigger maps to better Shanties with the exception of Ledgendary battles I thought where better in 4 as the 3 battles in Rogue they're much easier and the ships themselves didn't really trigger any emotion like the first one. The exception is epic legendary battle (unlocked after you beat the first 3) which took me ages to beat on PS3 (luckily I beat it first go on PC)

I really hope they make a sequal to this at some point. Love getting around in the ships and gives us a break from city life that most of the series has been.
 

sougo
219 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
89.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Because my bad experience in assassin creed unity, i felt unconfortable to buy this game in first time in pre-purchase but since i discovered it was launched for console before when unity was launched to pc and console, i felt in this time, ubisoft wont let me down again in bugs and graphics. and they doesnt. the game in ultra graphics is very good. My first hours playing still no frozing, no lagging and no bugs. The open world seems like assassin 3 + black flag (this one is after both, but some stuffs like BF graphics seems the same but better and some enviroments and history will remmember AC 3). What can i say after have all AC franchise? Awesome! nice engine and graphics and sounds! even having my local language to hear, i choose to hear english + my local in subtitles. why? syncronization in voices are better. and i dont like my local languages in games. only in game interface. for now, 9/10 for everything, but can change after play more time so lets see what wait for me and anothers players. (some peoples complained about critical error playing but till now, no problems, even pressing alt + tab and opening brownser).
 

Blade o BrAbO KrL
918 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2021
Similar to how ACIII starts with a Templar then switching to play with soon-to-be Assassin, Rogue starts off playing as an Assassin then turned Templar. While it was reasonable for Haytham not to follow in his father's footsteps, being brought up by Templars, it wasn't reasonable for Shay to turn on his Creed so abruptly, as well as for Achilles and the other Assassins to dismiss his words and not address the issue stirring up negative feelings and reactions from both sides. It was also unreasonable for him to suddenly change his opinion of the Order he actively pursued to stop and prevent from controlling the world up to that point, ignoring all that they've done and even continue to work with them, joining the Order down the line officially as well. The game also failed to give the same dying monologue epiphany to Shay from fallen Assassins as previous games did to Altair, Ezio, Connor & Edward from fallen Templars, keeping Shay firmly planted on the wrong side without a valid reason or consideration for his actions and possible regret.

Regardless of the story's premise, even though the game's gameplay remains the same from Black Flag, the game does add a variety to the secondary weapons - familiar bombs in the form of grenades and even a new addition to the darts, as well as stalking Assassins hiding in plain sight. There are plenty of collectibles to get as with the previous title, although strewn across 3 different regions that add a nice change of scenery. The ship got a little upgrade as well in the form of the puckle gun, but whether or not it's an actual upgrade from the one the Jackdaw used is up to the player, considering the manual aiming required as oppose to automatic. Legendary battles make a return as well, initial 3 culminating into the final fight against the Assassin's Storm Fortress which is a treat to battle against and beat.

Like with many returning features from previous games, the presence of Haytham & Achilles nicely wraps up Connor's story as a prequel to ACIII, as well as Black Flag's story seeing Adewale's end. It also starts off Arno's story of AC Unity at the end, continuing the franchise down the genetic line.

Modern day parts continue in the same vein as from Black Flag, possibly setting up a future game's modern parts starring Harlan Cunningham & Arend Schut with an intriguing voice log from Otso Berg's encounter with the two. The ending shows in simple and undisputed way the Templar's way of recruiting new members, live or die situation that contradicts Shay's own failed realization of that fact from the gameplay's point of view.

Although the game stands out from the usual Assassin protagonist with an intriguing point of view from Templar's perspective, it lacks in enough detail to actually dwell deeper into what it means to be a Templar, focusing instead on simply changing the two titles around but keeping somewhat Assassin-eske morality, drive and end goal that does nothing but clash with what the Templars stand for that we've experienced and learned throughout previous games in the franchise. With more thought put into the story and the reason behind Shay's switch it would've made the game stand out more deservedly, be it for the wrong or right reasons depending on the player's own opinion of conflicting sides. With so many little details it does carry and the continuation of the story it's a nice way to connect more dots, learn new things, reminisce of old times, look forward and hope to see it all develop more for years to come.
 

Zaichi
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2016
Good Game, Very Laggy and blocky when boarding larger ships but very good beat the game with a good amount of side quests and hunting around 18 hours worth the money
 

kyle.mccranie1
53 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
85.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2017
Had allot of fun. It brought parts of past games together.
 

gophergutts
194 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2016
Awesome 😊
 

Devin Wijesena
11 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2021
Its just a copy and paste of Black Flag but the story is amazing and the ending leaves a great foreshadowing.
 

Lorenzo
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
51.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2020
Don't play this game right after Black Flag 'cause I think you're gonna be bored of the ship thing. Rogue contains the same "travel with ship from mission to mission and customise it" thing. It's a great game with a great story and gameplay is okay but If ya play it after Black Flag, you're gonna be bored. Sorry.
 

Elendae
60 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2017
I played Rogue right after Assassins Creed III, both were awesome, and the stories compliment eachother greatly. If you havent played either, id recommend both (in that order)

Rogue was a great mix of AC3 and Black Flag, most peoples favorites. Shay isn't anywhere near as likeable as past characters, but then again hes a filthy templar.
 

Beaker09
99 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
Pros
This game is absolutely brilliant!!
The storyline of this game is amazing, I would be able to replay the campaign loads of times and I wouldn't get bored.
The graphics are actually quite good.
It is one of the lesser known AC games but it should be one of the most popular as it is better than the majority of AC games.
The games combat is nice

Cons
There is a couple of bugs in game like sometimes visuals would't load and sound wouldn't work in some fights, that for me was very annoying.
The voice actor for Shay Patrick Cormac, in my opinion was awful. I'm Irish and I've heard plenty of different Irish accents and Shay's voice is awful

This is one of the best AC games but one of the lesser knowns and honestly that's quite sad...

8.5/10
 

Finn
119 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2016
First, I want to say I think this game gets a bad rep because of how much it's like Black Flags. I think that in that regard, Ubisoft made the right call, taking the benefits of Black Flags and fixing it with a better story and a more relatable character. And removing those stupid proximity missions. However, in their attempts to make the game different, they took away from some of the fun (everthing is northern and cold, and the shanties aren't pirate shanties anymore). All in all, I think it was a successful attempt to fix the errors of IV, but i think they would have been better off creating a single game that combined the aspects of these 2. Alas, hindsight is 20/20.
 

sigiltenebrae
100 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2018
Has anyone ever heard of this game before? I was lucky enough to hear about it the way I did, which was randomly while scrolling through YouTube several years ago, looking at gameplay footage and reviews of Black Flag when it came out. But this game, a mainline Assassin's Creed game, a triple-A release from f***ing Ubisoft, has gone unnoticed to most gamers today.

Does that mean Assassin's Creed: Rogue was a weak game and that Ubisoft knew it would be and covered it up before the negative press would come? Was it a release around the same time as Unity to give people clinging desperately to their last-gen hardware a little crumb off of the next-gen banquet for them to suck on? Can I ask another question without sounding extremely condescending?


Let's find out!

Assassin's Creed: Rogue is about Shay Cormac, an Assassin turned Templar that you (the nameless, faceless intern at Abstergo from the last game) are discovering the story of for Abstergo to leave a message to the Assassin's. They try to play off this whole "smoke and mirror" bullsh** but if you've kept your nose to the floor throughout the series so far, you know what's going to happen. You know who these people are and what they're having you do for them. The segments outside the Animus are as superfluous and dull as they've been in previous games- made even more apparent with your still-silent protagonist. A car could explode next to him and he wouldn't flinch, and they eventually let him join the Templars! Just shows you what standards these guys have.

For writing stories. Not for recruiting henchmen.

Okay, actually both.

The story of Shay is about his slow discovery that the Assassin's are uncovering different pieces of Eden that sorta happen to... cause the Earth to cave in on itself and kill thousands of innocent people. Yet when Shay confronts the Assassins about this, they act as stubborn and d***-ish as they can to further motivate Shay (and by extension the player) into not only joining the Templars, but murdering and betraying all of your friends. To be fair, it's an okay story but the characters have no personality save for... Shay and Haytham (because he's awesome in anything he's in).

Shay is one of the first protagonists in the series to be a bit more fleshed out. He's not a great character, but he's one of the few to actually have an arc as an anti-hero that's... mildly engaging to watch played out. He's no straight-faced a**hole like Connor or Altair were, but he's no charming braggart like Ezio or Edward either. He's pretty okay. I mostly liked him because he's the first Irish protagonist, and I'm also Irish so now I finally feel represented in Ubisoft's diverse cast of characters!

The biggest problem I have with the story is the usual Assassin's Creed problem: the idea that they have to shove in as much historical sh** as they can into the story to let you know not only what time period you're in but also how f***ing important this character was and it gets more and more absurd with each entry. Did you know that Shay was there when Benjamin f***ing Franklin discovered electricity!? And at the Palace of Versailles to kill Charles V to set up the events for Assassin's Creed: Unity!? Whaaaaaaat!?

Wow. Segues are weird. Anyways, let's talk about everything else in the game!

The gameplay from Assassin's Creed: Rogue is pretty much copied and pasted from Black Flag which isn't necessarily a bad thing. I like Black Flag a lot (as I made clear in my Freedom Cry review... which I need to edit sometime soon...), and the free-roaming, boat-steering, and flowing combat are all good. Rogue just can't claim to be a wholly original experience, save for some new features. Fear ye not. This isn't the same as Revelations. The new items are now only slightly superfluous!

You've got your normal weapons, but now you've got grenades, a couple new methods to move faster through town, and a new Assassin-hunting mechanic. The grenades are cool but also show how ridiculous the ragdoll physics are in the game if you shoot someone directly. It's worth it. The new methods of moving faster through town... do just that. Whoopee. And the new Assassin mechanic is... honestly really cool. You'll hear whispering near your location if an Assassin is hunting you, and you finally get to use your Eagle Vision more or- dear God hold my heart- actually LOOK AROUND and see if you can spot them instead of relying on blips on your map. And if you're not careful, those Assassins can take you out before you said, "Wait, isn't that random pedestrian moving slightly faster towards me with a raised knife?" It makes the experience just a little bit different in a really fun way.

The visuals and world in Rogue are honestly some of the best. It's got a great color palette of dark blues, greens, and greys and uses it well as you sail across the frozen North, exploring islands and settlements in America and Canada during the French and Indian War. It has some of the best elements from Assassin's Creed III and Black Flag- the beautiful forests and snow and the free-sailing open world with your own ship. Despite having beaten this game in one of the fastest times out of the series- a measly 14 hours (Jeez, what a rip-off)- I'd still like to go roam around the Atlantic and explore.

Once I have some more time. Which I don't so I'll wait.

Assassin's Creed: Rogue is pretty good and I'm surprised not as many people know about it more. Yeah, if I was pushed to pick my favorite between Black Flag or this, I'd still play Black Flag but this is still a far cry (no pun intended... okay yes, pun intended) better than the majority of the Assassin's Creed games. It's a hell of a lot better than III and takes what potential it had and fully exploits it. If you have the extra cash and extra time, I'd say give it a look. You can certainly do worse for yourself. I'm giving Assassin's Creed: Rogue a 7/10.
 

Double Uppercut
363 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2021
Engaging story, combining the best elements of AC Black Flag, AC III, and to some degree the Ezio Trilogy AC this was one of my favorite ACs. A great soundtrack adds a fantastic setting to the seven years war and it was fascinating to experience the Templar POV. There are a few glitches but they dont affect the gameplay or the game setting.
Had a ton of fun and would rate this game with a solid 8.5/10, deffinetly worth the money
 

drenz81
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2018
This has such an interesting story, I love the game but its about 10 hours the main story. If you like AC you need this!
 

Fiascotje
863 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
Similar to AC4 but with the fat trimmed. One of the best AC games overall. Except for the 'Oirish' accents which do not sound Irish at all.
 

BratmanDu
338 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2015
Verry good story!!
 

☬ LSJ ☬
95 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
Good story, amazing gameplay mechanics. A total improvement of the AC: Black Flag.
 

Noob Slayer
36 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2017
An over looked jem, that's for sure! This may be my fave of the entire assassins creed franchize.
 

LunarSail
107 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2017
I absolutely LOVED Assassin's Creed Black Flag, beating the game straight through and wishing there was more. So I got Rogue because it seemed to almost be a sequel of Black Flag -- the mechanics of the game looked pretty similar and the era it's set in is almost the same. The problem is, this game isn't as good as Black Flag.

1. The stalkers are so annoying. You might be minding your own business, trying to explore the world you are in and enjoy the open world, and these stupid annoying hags jump out and stab you. It drops your health down and it has the annoying side effect of getting soldiers to notice you and start attacking you. It doesn't matter if you're running, walking, whatever -- the stalkers can jump out and get you at any time. And you have to constantly hear their stupid whispering. If it was once in a while, ok, but they come out and get you constantly. It's ruining the game for me. My favorite thing about Black Flag was just running around and exploring and I can't do that anymore.

2. This game is really buggy. I'll be attacking a soldier who is frozen and doesn't appear to die. Bodies will disappear. I'll need to press the "interact" button several times before it works. It's almost as if they rushed this game out or something. I can't remember a single bug in Black Flag.

3. This is actually not unique to Rogue and Black Flag had this problem too, but the modern day stuff in the office is BORING and only serves to pull you our of the story. Walking around an office doesn't make for a fun game.

I wish instead of buying this game, I just got the expansion for Black Flag. This sucks.
 

4realzyo
39 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,185.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2021
If I spent as much time looking at porn as I did looking for a reason to play this game then maybe I could write a better review, but as it stands if you’ve played AC4, or even 3, there is no reason to play this.

For the first time, not including the opener to AC3, you get to play as a templar. Does this shake the gameplay to its very core, no. Does this bring in new weaponry and ways to traverse the world, no. Does this change the narrative of the story in a way a regular AC game couldn’t do, also no.

This game is by no means bad, it’s quite good in fact. Pirating is still fun. This world is still immersive. The combat is still enjoyable, but if you’ve played Black Flag, then you’ve played this game.

You’d think that playing as a templar would really spice things up… you’d also be wrong. Shay is a man who makes his own luck and is the most serviceable protagonist you’ll ever meet. Everything he does, everything he says is just, “yeah most people would probably do that.” He doesn’t really have an arc, he doesn’t really have anything important to say, and as a result personal investment is whatever you decide it to be.

One positive I will give Rouge is the length of its story, it’s the shortest in the franchise. While that sounds bad it isn’t, out of the entire game I think there was maybe one tailing mission, thank ♥♥♥♥. Most missions are done fantastically, with scenes like the Lisbon earthquake to be one of the most memorable in the series.
If rouge had a story like AC2, or even something like AC1, I think it could have been the best Assassin’s Creed game to date, the gameplay just screams no filler and years of refinement, but it doesn’t. The story is so inconsequential it doesn’t matter, nothing you do has weight, and everything feels insignificant. At the end of something like Black Flag, I just sat in my chair thinking, what an experience. At the end of Rouge, I got up and grabbed some water thinking, that was fun. Because it is fun, but that’s it.

I’ll still recommend this game, because it’s the most consistent fun I’ve had in any Assassin’s Creed game so far, but it left me with nothing.
 

󠁳⁧⁧🌴 Einfach_Marc 🌴
386 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2021
Pros
Narrative focuses around the mid 1700's during the Seven Year's War, an unexpected story awaits in this entry of Assassin's Creed
Many returning functions and systems from ACIV:BF such as the naval system, ship boarding, personal fleet, & legendary ships; it is worth to note that the majority of these features are not as abundant in AC Rogue
Abstergo challenges are easier to achieve & complete
Short but fast-paced story that keeps you engaged in the story & conflict
Haytham {Best Templar}
Cons
Low spawn rates of convoys & PoW
Cormac's fleet is unlocked too late in to the game & naval missions become longer than time needed to complete the game
 

Umbranon
123 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2021
If you are in to the Assassin's creed (or naval/pirate) genre and you have a PC then I think this game is a must have. The game plays great, is optimized, and rarely to never crashes. It has an engaging story from the point of view of the classic enemies, fun as hell naval combat, and a time consuming material/economy/crafting system that will keep you raiding and plundering for hours. I gave this game a 9 on Metacritic because it is not perfect, and has a couple of bugs and can seem repetitive after playing for an extremely long amount of time. Anyone who gets this game who has a passion for intense fighting and exploration will enjoy this game.
 

KomradeAndrei
103 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2018
This game has full Xbox controller support. Rogue is almost a copy of AC Black Flag, this doesn't mean the game is bad because for me Black Flag is one of the better AC games, so...more of the good stuff is allways a good thing, right ;)

If you can buy AC Rogue for 5 or 10 bucks, than that is a good deal. There is enough story, gameplay and lots of fun in this game.
 

TTM
197 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
I would recommend this game on sale, this feels more like an expansion to blackflag than its own game, many of the gameplays are recicled from blackflag. 7/10
 

Verakum
322 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2019
A Bit clunky on the ships at other areas but it is so GOOD really buy it !

The ending will make you play AC Unity

10/10 !
 

Frost Vanilla
114 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2015
I have been a long time fan of this series. That being said, I'm quite disappointed with this game. I have had nothing but problems while playing it. This has probably the WORST combat and parkour mechanics in the entire series. They're so bad, I just finished a Frontier Clash with so many problems, I felt the need to immediately review this game. Here are a few examples of how the combat and parkour are atrocious:

-you will sheathe your weapons IN THE MIDDLE of combat. Shay just sheathed his swords 4 times while enemies were still around me during the Frontier Clash
-it's almost impossible to fluidly attack people without an NPC getting in between you and your opponent during a skirmish
-even if you have a target highlighted, Shay will not attack him but rather someone 10 feet away
-you sometimes will simply not attack when commanded to and you will have to mash X until he does something
-the game can't tell whether you want to step off a box or jump off a building
-EXTREMELY sticky parkour
-actions are horribly unresponsive!

Here are other reasons why I'm disappointed:
-the enemies are incredibly stupid
-the camera is ridiculously bad, i.e. the camera will not follow you properly during combat and especially during a contextual finisher
-animations are somtimes glitched during cinematics ( the cinematic played with me not being present, then I suddenly desynchronized and fell on the ground dead)

I do not understand why some people consider this to be the best game in the series. They adopted SO MUCH from Black Flag. The combat animations are identical to Black Flag's, the graphics aren't any better than Black Flag, they literally copy and pasted the inside of the merchant store from Black Flag for christ's sake... The only way this differs from Black Flag is obviously the plot, the fact you're , the fact enemies can board you ship, and some weapons and minor details. The combat in AC3 is VASTLY superior. I mean, absolutely night and day compared to this. Why they didn't adopt AC3's combat system is far beyond me.

I only recommend this game if you are a hardcore fan of the series. If you don't care about the story or the series in general and want to play casually, do not buy this game. If you are a fan, I'd recommend only buying this on sale.
 

Maul Scarreign
121 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2018
Fortune's favourite!
 

Afterlife
144 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
So far this is the best AC game i've played. It gives you different perspective of battle inbetween templars and assassins.
 

CheekiBreeki
461 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2019
Black Flag 2 Yo Ho Me Hearties!!!
 

Captain Swagger Sack
117 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2017
This game feels like they copy-pasted the leftovers from AC3 and Black Flag together and released it as a new game. Despite the fact that you are playing a Templar, you are still doing the same things as the assassins from previous games. Overall the AC formula feels very stale and seriously needs some new impulses.
 

Archangelus
161 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
Ubisoft FINALLY did a good PC port! Huzzah and good cheer for all PC gamers! The graphics are beautiful, and the gameplay is smooth. AC4 is still to this day my fave AC game (ive played all of them), but it ran kinda poorly and had really bad screen tearing. I run AC Rogue maxed out on a GTX 760 SC, and never drop below 60fps. If you played AC4 and couldn't get enough of the naval combat, grab AC Rogue on your next Steam store visit. Tally Ho!

My specs:

i7 4770 3.4ghz (turbo feature kicks it up to 3.9ghz)

GTX 760 Super Clocked 2gb VRAM DDR5

EGVA 500w bronze PSU

12gb DDR3 RAM
 

Angry_Peanuts
149 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2015
A pleasant surprise. It's refreshed the Black Flag experience and taken out the things that made it feel a bit dragged out, it's a shame the graphics aren't quite up to modern day standards and this should have reflected a bit more in the price. I picked it up in the sale for about £26, that price was perfect as the storyline is great and the gameplay kept me interested far more than Black Flag's.

I'm actually getting bored and tired of the Assasins storyline since they killed off Desmond Miles (the balancing between modern/historical has been dramatically killed off) and would rather play as a Templar in more of the games; or at least have the option to branch out that way. We need something where you can play between both the modern and old in the same style, I would love to be an assassin/templar in a modern setting.
 

David Will
653 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
I much better entry to the series than I was expecting. I thought it would be a shorter game, like Liberation, to placate those of us who were sad to be turning in our silly naval hats for french breeches. Not only was I entirely wrong about the length (it is, in fact, a full game), but I was surprised by how quickly I was able to get on board with killing some assassins. Shay proved to be a somewhat deeper character than some, with conflicting emotions regarding duty to a cause and desire to build a better life for himself and those he cares for, which made the premise easier to get behind. They did a much better job than some of the titles in the series of making all the allies and enemies a little more well-rounded, instead of sneering villains, like they used to be way back in the beginning. Plus, it's always nice to see Hatham again.
 

GTStone
1,229 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2017
What I liked about it

-the storyline
-amazing graphics
-better than most ac games
-a prequel to 2 games

we need more of this.
 

Strat
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2019
We work in the dark and serve the lights,we are assassins.
 

Je t'aime
45 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2017
♥♥♥♥ uplay
 

Qiusang
879 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
A very good game in the assassins creed series because it shows a different point of view.
 

Linx15
409 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2020
very cool story
 

xMurderer
10 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2017
Very similar to Assassins Creed IV Black Flag in terms of gameplay, but in my opinion a better setting and more interesting story.
 

DongerSwag69
2,203 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2019
Awesome but short storyline, could have been longer
 

Sidisen
264 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2015
Perfect scenario!.
 

ge_ro_ni_mo
108 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2016
If you liked the Naval Combat gameplay of Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag, you'll love this game. Not only does it have the same feel of that game, but it tells the story of Shay Cormac, an Assassin turned Templar, and you get to see the story from his point of view and makes you question whose side is the good side. I totally loved the moral dilemma that the character faced, and in turn, I faced it myself. Pick the game up on a sale, and you won't be disappointed.
 

Robin Richard
219 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2019
Game is good... The game is similar to AC IV Black Flag... I enjoyed to play Black Flag. So Rogue was fun too... Most af all, this game supports Korean language. It's big for me... In this respect, I really thanks to Ubisoft.
 

SSagajiSS
171 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2015
Considering Ubisoft's recent track record (AC Unity, Watch Dogs, The Divison), the quality of this port surprised me. It looks like the delay was actually used well. The game runs perfectly fine with no performance problems.
The game itself is also pretty great. It's got the most interesting story in the last couple of Assassin's Creed games, and it works to tie together AC3, AC4, and Unity, and does a good job doing that. The game has a perfect mix of AC4's open world ocean and standard AC gameplay, rather than focusing mostly on the naval side like in 4. I wouldn't necessarily pay 60 dollars for it (I got it for 30 in the Summer Sale), but overall AC Rogue was a very pleasant surprise.
Still wait for reviews before you buy Syndicate later this year though. You never know how that port will be. It can be like Valkyria Chronicles, but it can also end up like Arkham Knight.
 

Billym0619
329 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2015
The Assassin's Creed we've been waiting for!

Personally, thought this game would have been perfect in place of 3, however that would have left some people you are supposed to kow out (key players). That said you don't have to had play 3, but you'll recognize some things and people. Furthermore, this game connects details and facts from AC3, AC4, and AC Unity, its incredible.

Story (8.5/10) - One of the best all around naratives in AC for a while no. Believe what the description says about dark, turning back on your friends then hunting them down leaves a bit of your soul feeling dirty. Overall, it creates a wonderfully mature narative that many will enjoy.

Gameplay (7/10) - Give it a 7 here just because its still the same all AC that we saw from 4, just with more content. Cormack is given some new weapons and tactics but nothing revolutionary. Same old AC gameplay here, but fun none the less. (Less Buggy Feeling)

Replayability (Medium) - Ok, so I love games that let you keep going on after the story itself is over (like GTA5 and Fallout 3 w/ DLC), but a lot of things that you can do just don't seem to have a point to them. However, if you are a completionists, there is absolutely an unfathomable amount of content here.

In total, I highly recommend this game to anyone who may have overlooked this game due to Unity, and past fans of the series, as well as new that may have some background knowledge of the game. If you are looking for just fun gameplay with lots of mechanics thrown in, this game will also be perfect for you.
-Hope you guys found this review helpful, and I hope you enjoy this game as much as I did!
 

HeyLetsRace
386 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2019
I found it fun to play had no problems with it and it nice that there a actually game showing when some assassin's go rogue to the templar side
 

♫Axeyツ♫
374 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2017
I love this game - just like I love every other Assassin's Creed game! :D
 

CrazyBull666
348 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2020
Recommended - 8/10
 

Moritz_M05
681 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
79.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2018
It's good...
 

NHakim124
57 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2015
Honestly after the monster that was Unity I promised myself I was never going to buy another AC game, I am glad I changed my mind based on the reviews of others and due to the summer sale, this game is fantastic and if you enjoyed black flag you will love this game, runs well and is well optimized, makes Unity look like a joke, expanded naval combat abilities and upgrades, many many sidequests and unlockable outfits with the dlc, overall a very good addition to the series I hope Syndicate comes out just as well but I will still be waiting to see how it is received before deciding if I will or not.
 

TheKildar
894 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
96.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2015
Like many others, I was unsure about this game. When launch day arrived, I saw that people were giving it good reviews so decided to get it. I'm glad I did.

Shay is an interesting and worthy character. This is an interesting and worthy game with a story that I appreciate having the privilege of experiencing. Yes, it can get uncomfortable at times having to do the things Shay does. However, it was also innovative of them to have a game from the point of view of someone that goes rogue.

Rogue feels and plays a lot like Black Flag. However, story wise, it seems more fitting as a companion piece to 3. There's even a connection to--well, I won't spoil it but if and when you do see it coming, it's quite a neat little addition.

It's not perfect and I admit that graphics wise, it does feel somewhat dated compared to Unity. However, the simple fact is that, Rogue is a fun game, a lot more fun then Unity. Some will find the combat too easy. While it is easy (aside from some opponents that can be a pain to fight) compared to Unity, or at least easier, it's still a good game.

Yes, as with Black Flag, there are ship upgrades you more or less need to have, some of which require a lot ship boarding to be able to afford that can get repetitive. Wether this is an issue or not depends on how much you enjoy the ship combat sections. If you don't, it is a bit of a drawback. However, unlike Black Flag, there are far less of the at times infuriating tailing missions that plagued Black Flag. So, at least we have that. Also, unless I'm remembering wrong, there isn't quite as much emphasis on the ship missions (though there still are plenty) so the issue of having to upgrade the ship while there, isn't omnipresent.

Having played the main story through to completion (with plenty still left to do side activity wise), I admit that Rogue doesn't feel quite as large as the other games. However, it's still an overall worthy experience where the annoyances that pop-up from time to time (that in all fairness are a part of just about any Assassin's Creed game) don't seem to drag the overall game down. In fact, the annoyances are the sort you may well forget about or at least try to forget about as to not taint the game because of one small annoying part or part of a mission that went wrong etc.

I'll end this review saying that this *is* an Assassin's Creed game. It's a good game that shows us some interesting things that we perhaps didn't know we were missing from the more recent games. Even though it might feel uncomfortable to play the role Shay plays at times, I think making a game where you do as such was innovative and a diversion that we needed.
 

Rusty
236 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2019
ASSASSINS, TEMPLARS, ISU. OH MY!

GAMEPLAY: 10/10
GRAPHICS: 10/10
MECHANICS: 10/10
RECOMMENDATION: MUST HAVE

Now I've heard a lot of times that this is "Black Flag 1.5", I can not say that this statement is wrong but having invested so much time into this game I have found it thoroughly enjoyable and can be played as a stand alone game, sure there are references to previous Assassin Creed (AC) games, and that should not put you off any game that has a huge collection of lore connecting it all.

GRAPHICS
This game is as stunning as always with Ubisoft Montreal games, the terrain is full of minute details and the world as you sail, run, or fight your way across are beautiful. Non-playable Characters (NPC) characters are similarly detailed with well designed and period accurate attire and well toned faces that adds to the immersive world as a whole, no matter how close you get to them they maintain their detailing. The only downfall as with all games is the collision meshes, although extremely funny at times, the bodies of dead NPC's can occasionally fly off the map or your ship decides to beach itself then hop back into the water, I must say this is extremely rare and should not put you off buying this game.

GAMEPLAY
In this edition of AC the story takes a very new direction, which in my opinion was needed, this could have been executed really badly and yes I did not buy this game as soon as it came out due to the fear of a bad AC game, but I can honestly and gladly say that I was wrong. The characters are full of depth in their voices and their story involvement. The main story line is enthralling and brings to light something not seen since the original AC game and that is there is no good or bad sides to a war but a whole lot of grey, as the ideals and tenets of both "Orders" become blurred by those who serve them.

MECHANICS
It is very rare for me to launch a game like this on the PC and not have to tweak the control options to my liking but this game is perfectly laid out and if your new to PC gaming I'd say this should be one of your first buys as its very intuitive and minimal in buttons needed to play, that is not to say this game is the easiest type to play and complete but that any console gamer can still feel the enjoyment of gaming and not have to learn where lots of new buttons are. As stated in GRAPHICS there is a rare problem with mesh collision but this is common in any game so should not be seen as a negative with this game.
 

Chimera Artium
361 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2021
After the wonderful Black Flag Ubisoft seemed to have lost inspiration and released Assassin’s Creed Rogue. Fortunately, they also released a proper sequel not much later. But before we got that we first had to endure this one.

With Rogue I can admit the Assassin’s Creed fatigue was starting to set in. Why would they release such an uninspired game after the successful ACIV? This game brought nothing new to the table. It seemed like a quick cash grab and I think in reality it was. Look, it was definitely enjoyable, especially if you had never played the previous entry, but if you had played all of the others this was bound to disappoint.
What this game basically does is swap the story from Assassin to Templar and swap the setting from tropical to ice. Because naturally you can’t swim in icy waters underwater swimming was removed entirely. So instead of adding features they removed them. Sure, some new stuff was actually added, but it’s very basic and it feels like they were just going through the motions. Think of stuff like poison barrels, different kind of weapons (since you’re a Templar now) and different kinds of wildlife.
Nothing impressive to find here. Mind you, this is a smaller game in scope, but it doesn’t justify doing such a poor job to a beloved franchise.

Graphically, I can only say it’s identical to Black Flag, but with more ice and therefore almost automatically boring, snowy environments. I don’t think there have been any major improvements otherwise. It is pretty, it just has no personality in my opinion.
Same goes for the voice acting and music really.
The issue of unfortunate jumping is still here.

What a letdown. After the pinnacle that was Black Flag they somehow managed to make this bland sequel. It has no redeeming features whatsoever.
It can be enjoyed as long as this is your first Assassin’s Creed or you have no expectations. I will still recommend it, it’s not a bad game in the strictest sense (there’s still plenty of gameplay and it works like it should), but it was such a step backward after ACIV. I personally wasn’t used to that until after they released this game in the franchise.

If you enjoyed this review please consider following me: curator page
 

mark | dj.
4,234 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
The best Assassin's Creed game since Brotherhood, and you actually get to play as the proper good guy for once.
 

Valkyrie
1,027 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2017
Never really got into the older assassins creed games, liked this one. Maybe its the time period, I much prefer the colonial to the medieval.

10/10 would stab people again
 

Nova
826 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2017
ACC.EXE STOPS every 20 minutes! ♥♥♥♥ it!
 

别低头皇冠会掉
142 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2016
A very good game, rich story. The most thing is I like pirates
 

GhostWolf
27 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2018
Yes, it's true, this game is extremely similar to black flag, so if you like black flag you'll enjoy this.

There's nothing wrong with it being like black flag as it was a great game and this one is extremely fun and entertaining as well.
 

JS
203 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2018
Assassin's Creed: Rogue isn't a total betrayal, but rebels against you all the same.

Story
Featuring a dual narrative, Rogue primarily follows the story of Shay Cormac. A junior member of the clandestine Assassin Brotherhood based in the 18th century American colonies; Shay is brash, crude, and impatient. Despite his will for good and his heart being in the right place, he is consistently at odds with upper members of the group. The Brotherhood is currently engaged in a war with the Templars, another shadowy organization, for control of the colonies. Backing the French as a front against the Templar's front of British employment; both sides are actively hunting for secret and mythical locations around the world that have been charted in an ancient manuscript and hologram box. These items hail from a time before recorded history and little is known about them, but the Assassins believe they will lead to pieces of Eden; ancient and powerful technology that can be used to their advantage. Tensions rise as the hunt drags on month after month and Shay finds himself being ordered to kill frail men who work for the Templar cause. Unimpressed by the threat of the Templars; he feels that these kills are wrong on some level, but Shay's trust in the Assassins truly comes crashing down when he embarks on an ill-fated voyage to finally retrieve a piece of Eden in Lisbon. While the technology he find is clearly so advanced as to be alien, the moment he attempts to interact with it; it collapses. A shockwave rocks the city like nothing anyone has seen before and tens of thousands die in the shattering earthquake as Shay barely escapes with his life. Wildly angry when the Assassins continue their hunt for these world breaking sites; Shay defects and links up with the Templars in a quest to stop his former brothers in arms from genociding more innocents in their quest for power. In the modern day, players take control of a tech analyst attempting to reboot the systems of Abstergo Entertainment. Specializing in historical works, the studio uses cutting edge technology to parse DNA and relive the memories of human ancestors with VR. A virus planted in the Shay Cormac files has corrupted the entire building's systems. With security scrambling and the place put into lockdown; it falls to you to explore Shay's data and fix the hole.
Unfortunately, Shay's story is far too rushed to ever gain any traction. The man himself is likable and his grief over being the direct reason for the deaths of so many is an immediately driving force to do the things he does as he tries to make it right. However the story has no time to dwell on anything. Character relationships are so sparsly explored that no sense of emotion or weight ever comes when Shay tracks down old friend after old friend. The story itself is absolutely stuffed with ridiculous coincidences that serve no purpose other than to push the story along at a barreling pace. The modern side of things don't have much to do aside from give players more information on how the shadow war is continuing in the modern day.

Gameplay
Rogue combines everything from action adventure climbing and combat to sailing ship battles on the high seas, fleet management mini-games, stealth, and more. On-foot combat is incredibly easy and while some of the animations can at least be flashy, the combat quickly feels more like a chore than a game. Battles on the ocean fair far better; but prolonged battles ultimately come down to fighting cannon ball sponge man-o-wars; and once your ship has been properly upgraded, no fight will offer a challenge save for the special one-time epic battles. The world itself is divided into three distinct areas: The wide open and absolutely frozen North Atlantic sea choked with ice shelves and outposts. New York's River Valley holds a multitude of settlements and towns interconnected by a myriad of criss-crossing rivers and streams. And New York City is a bustling hub of colonial life full of hardship and crime. These areas act as a highlight offering much needed variety in a game that has so many repititious elements. They're also utterly slathered in hundreds of collectibles. Some are vaguely useful and some are a complete waste of time.

Presentation
Rogue's looks are as mixed as its gameplay, though it often leans more towards good than bad. The arctic oceans of ice and snow are gorgeous as are the winding tree lined rivers of the Valley. This is countered by a significantly noticble case of constant pop-in on object details at medium range as players navigate the world. Characters are similarly mixed with some like Shay looking incredibly sharp while others' textures seem straight out of 2004. Overall the game is very detailed but a number of visual bugs are encountered. They never harmed gameplay, but the ocean has a habit of losing all detail; turning into a shifty mass of clear blue gelatin with pure white swathes of what was once a sea foam texture. A visually missing lake in the river valley allows Shay to swim straight through the air, and during one cutscene; his mouth became stuck in an absolutely nightmarish smile even when he talked. There was also one instance of the game loading the ship into the game ON land but fast-traveling to a nearby location dunked it right back into the water. Sound design in Shay's adventure is excellent, but music is passable background noise that occasionally sounds quite nice.
 

connordavisj
978 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2017
After playing the previous, this game is just as excellent!

The story is nice and original because we play a Templar,
it allows to have another image of the assassins and Templars.
The gameplay is always the same, climbing, shopping, battles at sea are just great, improvements are also nice and having a crew is even more interesting.
The graphics are beautiful, well detailed.

I recommand it !
 

QuaKe
180 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2018
(NOTICE: I got the game for like 8 bucks on sale, I recommend waiting for a sale like that in order to purchase this product.)

Not a bad game, but not a great one either.

Imagine most of the gameplay and graphics from AC: Black Flag, and mash them together with AC:III's map, then add some islands, icebergs, and a few new things then give all the assets new skins. That sums up Assassin's Creed: Rogue.

Pros:
blue interface (blue is a superior color to all others, totally no bias going on here)
different ship (still not even slightly historically accurate, but it doesn't look too bad.)
gameplay (same as most AC games before the big game changer; Origins)

Cons:
It feels like a ripoff of Black Flag, it really doesn't feel all that improved.
Semi buggy
Abstergo (I HATE that fracking emmersion breaking sub-plot that is just crap, it's cringey, poorly executed, and infuriating)

This review is bias, and I'm just throwing my opinions out there. Buy it if you want based on what I've said.




Abstergo sucks, the whole subplot sucks.
 

captainrampage
158 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
15.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2017
Enjoyed Black Flag but this seems like a shortened, generally downgraded, and glitchier version of the same thing. The story is the only redeeming feature and it's still pretty meh, and short of course.

But yeah maybe if you like AC games it's worth an on sale purchase to whittle away some time, but I'm not even sure about that. That's how I felt about the game anyway.
 

Sometimes bored.
185 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2017
25 $ for 10 hours worth of gameplay is cheap. The history and characters is great, certainly interesting to play as the Templars for once. It runs great on full graphics on normal laptops, and have decent graphics. The locations is kind of repetative and i didn't find any thrill to explore them all, which would have taken at least 10 hours more. Anyhow, a good throwback to the Black Flag elements. I wish they put as much effort into the story as this with AC Unity.
 

tobias.karlsen
37 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2020
Solid gameplay, basically a black flag part 2
 

egracia8102
17 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
80.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2020
wow
 

z_plum
15 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2018
top pc game i liked it!
 

KILL THE INTERNET = 1010% DEAD!!
838 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2020
Very nice game !!!
It connects the stories of the black flag and Unity !!
 

Aguilar de Nerha
69 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2017
Product received for free

If you liked Black Flag, you'll love this game.
 

Godfarts
40 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2021
amazing game basically black flag but different location and colder and a different story personally a must buy
 

𝓓𝓐𝓡𝓚𝓛𝓞𝓡𝓓
93 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2020
Not much to say

this is just a really bad ported dlc from ac4
truly one of the worst ac games to exist other than liberation and unity
shudder
I fear ubisoft has lost this franchise. As well as a few others..Far cry *cough

dont even waste 1$ on this or any ac game after ac4..truly dont bother.
 

Kaldire
1,949 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2017
Assassin's Creed Rogue was the first AC game I played since AC3 which massively disappointed me, I didn't came with great expectations for this game, but was honestly surprise. I didn't like the Ship's fights at sea at all in AC3 but somehow
however, this time around I really loved it.

The game is polished with many things to do, lots of collectibles, renovations, side activities such as: Unlocking taverns, Games in taverns, Assisting and rescuing people, Freeing captured French zones, Freeroam at sea and raiding ships.
I honestly thought it was brilliant, but it does become repetitive after a few dozen hours, at least for me. There are 3 regions/zones, 2 Sea based maps with islands and New York. The sheer size of the world is gigantic!

Graphics looks great, As I mentioned before my last game was AC3 on PS3 and this one looks really good in ultra and steady stable FPS, good optimization on Ubisoft's part.
And this time for the very first time you get to play as a Templar. Very unique for the AC franchise and it keeps the plot interesting. Also Assassin's are being sent after you, yes this is true. They will blend in the environment and attempt to kill you, This is very fresh and unique, but it was annoying as heck that every damn mission I went through I had to be careful not to being getting destroyed by them. In other words.. THERE ARE TOO MANY DAMN ASSASSINS...!

My main gripe with the game is that its short, I have over 20 hours into it, but I explored alot of islands and collected collectibles. Without these activities, by my estimation this game takes about 6-8 hours to complete if you rush through it, unlike the former AC games, which are quite longer than this.

The Verdict:

Honestly a great game, Absolutely worth the money I paid for. I thoroughly enjoyed the plot, the characters, the huge vast open world, it is a splender to behold. If only this game was 5-10 hours longer I'd love it even more.

Gameplay: 8/10 same as AC3 with a few new improvements, but overall movements and climbing is the same, same as for the combat. You are however given a grenade launcher, which I found hilarious to bombazle 4 enemies at ones then hiding and doing the same to the next group of enemies who appear to help their comrades.

Graphics: 8.5/10 Great, but could be better. Overall It's not a breathtaking game, but we have to remember that this game was optimized for the last gen consoles. And that my friends, is a solid reason.

Storyline/Plot: 9/10 I found being in a Templar shoes for once can be interesting, to see the Templars idealism and convictions.
 

HarbingerOfDestruction「俺様」
192 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
181.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2016
Oh boy.

PRO
Great story. Ace writing.
AC Rogue is a thoughtful story. Character motivations are complex and (like in real life) sometimes only make sense to them. The ending was amazing.
Upgrades
Long have I hated the upgrade system for AC games. There is never enough stuff and it's always horribly tedious to get. I guess the idea is that you're supposed to literally become more powerful while playing the game but come on, this is ridiculous. None of the basic items are expensive enough to justify this position. In this game, though, the system is a lot better. Ship upgrades are meaningful and you can actually feel the firepower difference (unlike with the Jackdaw up until it's ultimate set.) The tedium of collecting ultimate items is still kind of there. Some outfits provide bonuses now, though it's not always clear what they are or if they even exist. A "sturdy-looking uniform" is just as likely to provide a bonus to defense as a "somber coat designed for stealth" is likely not to give a bonus to detection.
Long gameplay
A lot of people disagree with me on this. I think Rogue has a decent amount of gameplay going for it. It's supposed to be a short game: it's an interim sequel for Black Flag and the gateway game for Unity. The story is short and concise: characters are revealed by their database entires rather than long interaction scenarios, and it feels pretty good.

CON
Roach Motel
If this game reveals anything about Ubisoft Montreal, it's how F$*&@ked up their development cycle is. This game uses the exact same engine and base game as black flag. The interface is almost an identical skin except everything is in silver/blue instead of gold/google. The problem with this is some things that were fixed in patches for Black Flag for bugs that existed before this game was released were never fixed in Rogue to this day. One specific example is how climbing masts would cause Edward to dance around and never land on that sweet spot to jump up to the final platform holding the ship's flag. Edward no longer dances, Shay still does the shimmy tango while his crew dies.

So many F@$^%king bugs please fix.
Too Much Stuff
Okay. Real talk here. Many of the side missions are BORING. The interceptions are the same frustrating minigame over and over again and everything else is "collect and find 10/20/50/100 of X." It's uninspired, even for an AC game. The only redemption is in the Legendary Ship battles, which are kind of easy compared to the legendaries that popped up in Black Flag.
Wardrobe Malfunction
I know that I've already done bugs here, but the way that the client renders models is unacceptable. Things will just vanish for seemingly no reason, even in big cutscenes. I think most games nowadays render their cutscenes with the game engine to preserve player perks like skins and recolors, but this works out so badly here. I think there would be no love lost between fans and the studio if the cutscenes were rendered in video. Yeah, it's that bad.
Clunky Animations
I know this game didn't receive the attention of some other AC titles, but Some of these are so lazy. It looks like parts were animated by a 6th grader doing stop-motion for art class. The bad animation really ruins the immersion.

As a movie, AC Rogue is crap. As a game? I wish the publisher had put a little more effort in. I would definitely play it for the story though.
 

That Creepy Smile
214 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2018
Aside AC2, this is my favourite assassin game. The story may be short, as many say, but it's interesting. In AC3 for example, the story was much longer but I've found myself rushing through half of it to simply unlock all of the game's features. I love the northern/arctic setting, it feels much more interesting to me than the cliche yohoho-pirates-carribbean world of AC4, (why do all games about commanding a sail ship have to be set in the carribbean?). I liked Shay much more than most of the assassins before and after him, I'm afraid I might simply be siding myself with templars more xD
Gameplay is, as usual in AC, not much of a challenge, but fun nonetheless!
 

RHaenJarr
248 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
138.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2019
Fell in love with Black Flag ,so tried this one out as well. Black Flag ,in my opinion ,is a better game ,with so much to do ,still havent gotten to all the bits and pieces ,but this game is super fun too.
 

rainmanut44
24 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
69.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2017
Like this game....
 

por_Very
33 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2015
awsom game, Loved the new look on things and the reason behind betraying the assassins. dont worry i wont spoil any thing, though i have to say that Rouge explained a lot.
 

jaredbraunberger
133 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2021
I Wanted to Be a Pirate on the River Saskatchewan, But All I Got Was This Instead.
 

OmegaResNovae
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2017
best game in the world boyyyyyyyy
 

Momo The Crystal Maiden
76 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2016
If you were a fan of AC4: Black Flag, then you will love the hell out of this game. It is definitely more challenging in some areas (ship battles are more fast paced, and the Legendary Ships are indeed epic), and the story is basically a direct continuation between AC3 and AC4 for expanding the lore.

I'm extremely disappointed that Ubisoft decided to pour all their marketing and attention into Unity, which was a steaming hot mess of bugs and gameplay problems, and pretty much snuck Rogue in under the radar. It's a great game, and well worth the addition to the Assassin's Creed universe.
 

HoustonDragon
501 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2017
EDIT: If you purchase the digital deluxe edition please know that known of your DLC will be available untill you reach a certain point in the story (It is pretty far in the story) I fixed the problem I was having with the DLC so it is all good
 

Spectre
73 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
51.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2017
It's... more Assassin's Creed 4. The gameplay is solid. I had fun with it, and now I'm completing the optional content and having fun with that.

But the whole "betray the Assassins and fight them" angle that's unique to Rogue is just... terrible.

I know that the Assassin's Creed games were never particularly philosophically deep, but... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This is the game in which you really needed to figure out what Templars and Assassins stand for beyond the most superficial possible cliches, find out how they differ from each other. And there's absolutely nothing there.

Also, fighting Assassins just isn't the least bit interesting. They are nothing more than re-skinned Jaegers / Captains from previous games. They run away in circles, while farting out gas bombs and bullets. I hesitate to say so, but the QTE battles of previous games, or "spot the counter to this guy" were actually better. I had exactly one Assassin ship board me, and I was fairly thorough about exploring the sea. Also, the plot is actually terribly low stakes.

So just about everything good about the game can be summarized as "more of Black Flag".

Also, the game is fairly glitchy, but that's pretty much expected of Ass Creed:
http://steamcommunity.com/id/Xander77/screenshots/?appid=311560&sort=newestfirst&browsefilter=myfiles&view=imagewall


Edit - The protagonist s bland as ♥♥♥♥. I just finished the game, and the only character trait I can recall is his insistence on spouting "IMAKEMYOWNLUCK" at every opportunity.

Editx2 - Wrote this review having finished the main missions. I wanted to find out which settlements the game actual made you visit over the course of the game, and it's like 1/10th of the total locations.
 

Xander77
1,424 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2016
Spoiler free:

It's a good game. It's nice having the story told from the bad guy's perspective, but it doesn't make them look like the bad guys. The biggest jerk in the AC series, Achilles, gets what's coming to him & explains why he becomes such a degenerate do-nothing weener in AC3.

It plays exactly like Black Flag, so I wasn't interested in doing all the side quests and extra stuff as it's basically a rehash of AC4. Even some of the shanty songs are the same. I didn't spend much time upgrading everything since it was made from the same game, and as a result, the game is pretty short. The main story, while good, is extremely short. If you're not doing all the extra sidequests, be prepared for a short game.

The rest:

Haytham Kenway has still done nothing wrong and this further proves that Connor should've sided with Daddy in AC3 over that worthless turd Achilles. Shay is a good guy, doing good things, for the bad guys and quite possibly, the wrong reasons. Despite him being right and Achilles being wrong, Achilles still doesn't learn humility at the end of the game and calls him out for a "lack of respect" which just about made me yell "oh ♥♥♥♥ off you waste of life".

I hated Achilles in AC3 and he's an even worse character in this game (on purpose though) and while I know Connor did the right thing & sided with the good guys in AC3, it made me mad that he did it so hastily and they never explored what it would've been like if he had sided with Haytham instead. Granted this takes place 20 years prior to Connor undoing all of the Templars' stuff in America, but it was a nice story to explore. I like the ending that ribbons over to the beginning of AC Unity. Too bad I don't have the computer to handle that game yet.

Final verdict: 8.5/10

More consistent story than Black Flag, even if it's on the same engine.

Ezio > Shay > Altair > Haytham = Edward >>>>>>>>> 50 feet of dog turds > Connor
 

418
445 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2021
fun, you get to beat the s*** out of gangsters and stab people in the back. 10/10 would reccomend

*edit 1/3/2021 just finished the game and it is quite short but if you want a game to play while you wait for another one to release than buy this
 

WhrSkr
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
The performance is just an insult. The 60 fps lock? And basically my GPU and CPU are idling all the time.

Black Flag was a good game, this seems like a failed copy of it.

After playing the game I can say that the story was ok. But the game runs on rails. All the climbing and fighting is so automated and easy that it doesn't really feel like an achievement to finish a mission or anything else. And on top of that there is just too much unused content that is in no way tied to the main story. Sure you can hunt animals or capture forts but in the end the game is so easy that you really don't need to do any of that.
 

Melmis
179 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2016
I recommend this game. Assassin's Creed Rogue isn't my all-time favorite AC game (that honor goes to Black Flag), but it makes for an excellent runner-up. Very solid gameplay, rich in story content, and a view into the Templar order that I've only gotten a chance to see in AC3's prologue makes for a very entertaining and satisfying experience.

There are bugs, of course, and sometimes I end up yelling at the screen because of the stupid stuff it does, but from what I've read it's nowhere near as buggy or bothersome as its twin sibling Unity, which unfortunately I don't have a copy of (and won't, either, unless it goes on sale for a ridiculously low price in the future). It's a last-gen game, and was released on the same day as Unity, and of course since Ubi spent all their time focusing on Unity, Rogue feels more like a filler game than a full-on setup. But as someone who cut her AC teeth on such a filler game (Revelations), I feel that Rogue is good enough to stand on its own as a major title.

So like I said, great game, very close second-place for best in the series in my opinion (second only to Black Flag), with solid gameplay and a great story that gives a unique look at the "enemy" faction, the Templar Order. I highly recommend Assassin's Creed Rogue. It is a very enjoyable game.
 

Gone
8 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2019
i cant play i bought the game opened uplay and its saying i dot have the game i bought it onsteam HELPPP PLZZZ
 

jdeclan17
6 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2016
An extremely adictive game!

The game offers amazing landscapes and sophisticated objects to climb! Really enjoyable and can easily keep you entertained for hours on end!
 

FLUX
20 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Better than Unity, on par with Black Flag.
 

Dethrio
200 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
108.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2018
Buy it on sale, and you wont be disappointed
 

zripkin8
184 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2018
He had his reasons
 

Flaco
157 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2021
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
✅ Easy
🔲 Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~
🔲 MS Paint
✅ Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics dont matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful

~ MUSIC ~
✅ Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
🔲 Eargasm

~ STORY ~
🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing Temple Runners for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
✅ Well written
🔲 Epic story

~ PRICE ~
🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
✅ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~
🔲 You can run it on a microwave
✅ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~
🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
✅ Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
🔲 No ending

~ FUN ~
🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
✅ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~
✅ It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~
🔲 No
✅ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes

----------------

Assassin's Creed Rogue is actually a good game. The team behind it clearly tried to make something special, and in some ways they really do succeed. However, this game has some glaring issues such as bugs, graphical issues and the sheer amount of side content.
This game is essentially a copy paste of the previous game, Black Flag, with some additions such as gang bases, an expanded weapon system, enemy ship boarding (my personal favourite), more ship weapons and much more. However, most of these wont really affect the way you play, like the addition of ships did in Black Flag.
The Story is quite short but very engaging. You play as rogue assassin Shay Cormac as he hunts down his old assassin friends. It features new and returning characters, with one of the returning characters in particular playing a significant part of the story, which was very enjoyable. However, there is a huge amount of side content in this game. So much that i was actually put off doing it. Some of the challenges are also introduced way too late in the story, and feel like no matter how much you do there will always be more.
Bugs can be found throughout the game. Glitching through floors, inability to move, characters disappearing in cutscenes, sudden death and much, much more happened to me when I played his game. i got stuck in loading screens a few times as well, but restarting the game fixed it and i could continue from where i left off.
The Graphics evolved... just backwards with this game. Yeah it has some nice spots such as the Northern Atlantic, but this game actually seemed to look worse than Assassins Creed III.
Overall, this game is lots of fun, with the Gameplay of Assassins Creed IV Black Flag being built on in order to make a very similar yet different game. while the story is a bit short, it is better than III. Graphics aren't great and the music never quite fits the moment, ruining crucial moments in the story. If you enjoyed Black Flag, I would recommend playing this game though.
Assassin's Creed Rogue gets a 6/10.

For more reviews check my Steam profile
Hope you enjoyed my review, god bless you
 

Edwabeng
239 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2017
Solid ground, interesting subject, but weak story telling and gameplay.
Should have put much more effort.

Gameplay is almost the copy of AC4.
Nothing new nor appealing.
 

acadclinton
246 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2016
It's basically Assassin's Creed: Black Flag 2. The character animations are stiff and weird, and there are waaaay too many meaningless collectibles, but the boat driving is still a lot of fun.
 

Ultraviper
1,317 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2015
Not that bad. If you liked ac 3 and black flag you'll like this as well.
7/10
 

VENOMWEHBS
63 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2021
I mAkE mY oWn lUcK
 

SandalKrigare69
84 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2021
Epic story , i be sneaky
 

w0ke
29 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2020
Очень хорошо
 

★SK1P⭕⃤
75 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2015
OH GOD THE PIECE OF EDEN CHASE SCENES AAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

999999999999999999/10 HOLY ♥♥♥♥
 

Vi
419 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
30.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2020
It took me a while to get into shays mindset on leaving the brotherhood but other than that it is quite well made
 

TheOGKrystof
68 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
Main mission took me almost twelve hours, bit of grinding just to upgrade the ship. Shay is the most boring character I ever played from the AC series. Surely, this is a subjective view so it may be different for others. However, this game is too short and I was not invested in any of the character (emotionally) at all compared to Black Flag. Just watch it on YouTube or buy it on sale.
 

mirelladike
64 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2016
As the first Assassin's Creed game I have played, I can say that I am impressed. The story is interesting, It's cool how historical events and people are placed into the character's life during the game. Rogue's story was interesting, unfortunately it is really short. As a downside to the game I can see how some people might think that this game is repetitive to other's such as Black flag and AC 3. I haven't played these but know enough about the gameplay and content to understand that there are quite a few similarities between them that players might not like to see. Some of the content, including the sailing, is very closely related to previous Assassin's Creeds. Despite this though, I would definitely recommend this game.
 

Frostyyy
46 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2019
Simply it's my favourite Assassin's Creed.

I also hated how they focused on TWO Assassin's Creed games at the same time... The best game of the two got overlooked for some filthy mess of a 'next-gen' game called "Unity".
 

Frankie: "Rage" Hard
903 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2016
The best AC hands down. A game that will never die, no matter how many years go by. This game is why I got into gaming froma old age. So much nostalgia and is still fun to play even today. No AC title in my opinion has been able to surpass Rogue. 10/10 wololooo
 

ThatOnePali
288 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
241.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2017
You are Shay Patrick Cormac, a colonial Irishman trying to find his place in the war between the Assassins and Templars. Proving to be a skillful Assassin, Shay must overcome his habits and doubts in order to become the Assassin he always wanted to be. However, his doubts still haunt him, often having disputes with fellow Assassins and his Mentor’s guidance and judgement. He wanted to fight for humanity’s freewill, but feels that the Brotherhood has been distracted by the race for the pieces of Eden. When Shay embarked on a mission to retrieve a piece of Eden, he mistakenly mishandles the artifact triggering a devastating natural disaster that leaves thousands of innocents dead. Shay blames those who sent him in the first place, and tries to convince his Mentor that this pursuit for more artifacts would only doom more to die. However, his words fall ignored, leaving Shay no choice but to betray those he once loved in order to stop them from repeating his mistake. He no longer is an Assassin, but an Assassin-Hunter, a Templar.

I don’t care if fans consider this AC game nothing more than AC Black Flag 2.0, or that this is the shortest AC game. It is definitely one of the most unique and compelling AC story in this franchise. You finally get to play as a Templar until the story ends. Really drawing out that nothing is black and white in the AC series. There are Templar agents that have noble intentions and there are Assassins who are ruthless and corrupt. The story sets in the Ohio River Valley and the North Atlantic during the French and Indian War and covers the events between AC BF and AC III. Yes, the gameplay and graphics are very identical with Black Flag, there are few new gadgets and a tweaked economy system that still can give Rogue it’s own identity.

There are familiar faces that are welcoming, such as Achilles, Adewale, and Haytham Kenway, and the story gives off rather a very engaging experience. Definitely not one that a fan of this series should pass. I enjoyed it very much.
 

justdiscoveredfire
125 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
Everything that made AC IV great, and then some. Seems to be a good PC port. Runs even smoother for me than Black Flag, graphics maxed out.
 

Crazyeyes
235 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2021
AC4 copy paste.
 

epicduck43
166 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2015
Ce pot sa spun despre acest joc ? Este foarte scurt dar in acelas timp leaga povestea dintre AC4 si Ac3

Pro
Soundtrack : Este absolut fenomenal .
Vocea actorilor : Fiecare dintre actori si-au luat rolul in serios , chiar au facut o treaba buna baietii de la ubisoft
Povestea : O fi ea saracacioasa , dar te ajuta sa intelegi intreaga poveste.
Gameplay : Pur si simplu este ok, nu prea am de comentat . Gameplay-ul este asemanator ca cel din AC4
Grafica : Este fenomenal, atmosfera este incredibila, peisajele sunt exceptionale. Numai cuvinte de lauda la acest aspect.


Contra
Raci in zona inghetata pe tarm ?
Buguri : Ba ramaneam blocat intr-un gard, ba in copac, ba zburam dintr-un copac direct in cap si direct desincronizare.
Ba cand urcam pe Morigan incepeam sa sar dintr-o parte in alta fara motiv.
Da oameni buni ... sa scufundat Morigan, am patit si eu bugul acesta. Dar surprinzator a revenit la normal.
Incercam sa ma urc pe o casa, si dragul nostru SHAY refuza sa se catere.
Si un ultim lucru : Fulgere in timp-ul unei furtuni de zapada?

Bine sa nu fiu carcotas , sunt buguri minore care nu afecteaza experienta de joc. Unele mi sau parut amuzante, altele frustrante.

Concluzie

Daca vedeti la un pret redus jocul ( Maxim 7 euro ) si vreti sa-l jucati pentru poveste si pentru a explora toata mapa. Atunci se merita sa dati banii pe joc. Daca vrei sa joci doar pentru poveste,ai fi surprins ca o sa-l termini in maxim 5 ore.

Dar daca esti fan Assassins Creed, ar fi bine sa nu-ti lipseasca acest joc in libraria ta de jocuri.

Nota finala 9 .
 

Floren
669 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
AC4, living in an AC3 world. Playing as a Templar.

Feels good.



 

Frag, TheKitten
221 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2017
BEST !@#*ING EXPANSION PACK EVER

(but in all seriousness they made naval gameplay smoother, interesting story, minor featurs that make it worth while, and shay is the !@#$) 8/10
 

Theschwa1313
53 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
116.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2020
Though I like the naval system of AC Black Flag more, AC Rogue delivers on other fronts. The story is good to great and Shay's motives are clearer to understand than Edward's (especially late-game Edward).

I find that the combat system got a better balance. While in Black Flag I rarely got into trouble with nameless soldiers, this time they can pose a problem. Not as much as in AC3 (fear the Jäger), but not as boring as in Black Flag.

I also like that even the lesser populated locations are now larger in area and offer more to explore. Many may find jogging several minutes through uninhabitated forest to reach the other end of an island tedious, but I find it relaxing and enjoyable.
Coupled with that is an improved verticality in the area design. While most towns offer just one- or two-storied buildings, they now are standing on hills and mountainsides, which creates a nice layer of levels you can traverse.

The Gang HQ mechanics offer another challenge besides the fort capturing to gain control of a map sector. That offers a bit more diversity, though I would have preferred a third way added to it, because it still can become a bit boring.

All in all, Rogue is tied with AC3 for the Assassin's Creed Top spot in my list (I know I am weird, but I actually like AC3).
 

Der Oger
156 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2019
The better of the two AC games of the year. A little similar to AC3 in it's boat play, combat, and visuals but it has a much more interesting story as it follows a great fall from the Brotherhood.
 

Durnk Driving
975 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2018
amazing game. it builds on black flags naval mechanics, and has unique and interesting enviroments. it adds a single huge city in replacement for black flags 3 small ones, and adds two naval maps, river valley and artic ocean. its really fun to expore and liberate towns from the french, and its great to finally have a game were i can explore canada. totaly recommend, an essential piece of ac lore, and one of the most interesting characters the've created since ezio.
 

Cernunnos
132 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2019
All and all, if you liked AC: Black Flag then you will like this as well.
Is kind of the same thing, you are on a boat a lot but there is also a lot to do on land, missions are fun and all other things to do in this game i love.
I would recommend.
 

Junas
90 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2017
nothing to say...
great game.
loved when they make our hero as a templar.
 

Shelariel
182 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
154.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
Product received for free

Even Better Than I Expected
 

Skiper
145 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
99.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2018
I make my own luck.
Honestly, I was suprised how well made this AC title is. I expected much less, just another AC filler, with a mediocre story, characters and gameplay. But it blew me away how great the story was, and the gameplay was good considering the fact that this was built upon the Black Flag engine which was revolutionary at the time, with the naval combat and everything. The protagonist, after Altair and Ezio is my favourite of all the AC titles. He had the charisma, and he was driven by revenge and treason, and after all, it is a nice change of pace to be able to play as Templar, and see the story from the other perspective.
You should definitely consider this title, and not take it as another filler, it is worth it. My gameplay hours prove that.
 

ACCURD
109 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
66.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
Gameplay same as Black Flag, at least, for sequence one. The game, after sequence one, begins to open up, and while Shay's mechanics are the same(except for a gas mask, which makes him immune to smoke bombs if you pull it on time) but no more diving segments. However, here's what makes the game unique: You are a templar, so, now, instead of fighting the Templar guards(Don't worry, normal guards are still there and you can fight them), you fight the assassins. Fitting of how the assassins have always worked, they will hide and take cover to stay out of shay's sight. Get too close, and they perform an assassination, effectively taking out half your health, then run away(Like the Stalkers in AC:R). But, since they are now trained enemies, don't think you can chase them and just stab them, no, that is how you die. Instead, shoot them.
But, better off, you can use your eagle vision to search them out and kill them. You can approach their hiding spot and just stab them(though you have to be quick for that), or shoot them. But, if you aren't fast and out of ammo, shay has several options for getting them out of cover. I haven't played too far into the game, but this is a unique change in gameplay, intercepting assassinations and others of the such.
 

YourCrazyDolphin
151 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2018
Excluding the falsified article claiming a 'remastered' version for pc, giving us extra details such as the rope behind the wheel actually spinning and moving and lanterns swaying siide to side and all that little stuff, its an ok game.

The collect-a-thon is almost twice the amount compared to AC 4 and I would say its in a bad way. Its too much and its in an unapealling map design.

Besides that, its quite nice and you actually get all the weapons quite early in the game instead of the dumb *bleep* in AC4 where you don't get all of it until the end.

As always, I hope the review helped or shed some light on the information you're looking for. Thank you for your time and have a good one.
 

WorvernScar
201 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
Didn't think I would end up liking this one, however by the end I couldn't get enough. Great spinoff of the tried and true AC traditional story line.
 

CitiusFortius
173 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2015
I absolutly love this game.

The textures are great. Its similar to black flag which i loved because its much diffirent and bigger as it is a open world and brings a new demention to playing!
 

Bradh233
144 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2016
The underdog of the AC series, if you liked Blag Flag you will like Rogue. Simple as.
 

Bun
230 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2017
I thought it was a great game.

Thumbs up from me.
 

badwolf11
66 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2016
Product received for free

I feel like this game could've been an expansion for Black Flag. Still a pretty good game, but that should be expected. If you had a choice between this and Unity, pick this one.
 

Prince Alois
153 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 9
The best colonial era AC game IMO
 

Aspect
109 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
102.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2018
I MADE MY OWN LUCK
 

小宇宙熊
225 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
297.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2017
My personal favorite of the series, should have been a full size title. Beautiful scenes as always and a likeable lead character. Not to mention that it's the onlt creed story (so far) to be told from the other side ;)
 

Zenoc!de
58 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2021
👍
 

Fireyose
163 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2018
Rogue is a lazy reskin of Black Flag. It was made by Ubisoft's novice programmers while the main team was creating Unity and the result is tasteless and uninspired.
 

camXmile
1,216 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2017
The chance of playing the other side! Who can resist that idea?
As someone who've tried all previous ACs, I could not.

And it changed my views about Templars and Assassins. The description in this game, if I still remember it right, provided a new perspective to AC fans.
 

Wen
15 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2017
I was a huge assassin's creed fan from the beginning and throughout ezio's trilogy, AC 3 dissapointed me no original gameplay and the story was more of the same with minimal character growth. AC IV I enjoyed for it's gameplay and I liked the roughishness of the character, the story was still boring. Hearing AC unity and the ones that followed whould be abandon the ship fighting and focus on more 'do good' heros made me lose interest in the series as a whole. Then I saw this, gave it a shot and wow. It combines everything good from the series up to this point, including the ship combat, and has the best character arch in of them all. It even made me want to give the other titles byond this one a shot.
 

inperatieloos
204 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2016
Rogue was a nice change of pace storywise, finally get to see the real purpose of the templars, and actually makes you wonder what's going on with the assassin's order, having played all the time as an assassin you always thought you were going for the greater good, but have you?

Performance wise, it is a port of the last AC game from previous generation consoles, it looks alright and performs surprisingly fine, locked at 60fps.

This title is definitely one of the better ones, it's easier to get into storywise if you haven't played or aren't interested in the whole series.
 

R4DFIELD
525 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2016
If you liked AC IV: Black Flag, you will like this one. It's Assassin's Creed 4.5, very similar to IV but enough originality and new content to make it it worth buying.

Note: although released around the same time of AC Unity, this is in the same engine as AC IV.

I did found it shorter than IV.
 

Stockx
2,126 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2015
The best game in the series so far.

For those of you who liked AC4, Rogue is more of the same but with new features that really change the nature of the game. That your opponents now use assassin equipment and moves and that your ship can be boarded in naval combat add a much needed strategic depth to the game, often making conflicts seem like more of a struggle. To be honest, I dread the inevitable return to Assassin protagonists - the Templars simply do not provide the satisfying challenge level to hunt that the Assassins do.

The story is one of the most complex and compelling of any of the series to date, with a lot of new information both about the present-day conflict and the struggles for power between the Templars and Assassins leading up to the French Revolution. The minigames are interesting and the sidequests are conveniently broken into settlements and neighbourhoods, making them feel much more digestible. The dialogue is satisfying and well written and the major characters are all interesting and likable.

The game exceeds Unity not only in being less buggy, but because of this separation of the game into smaller but accessible regions. As a player I find it more satisfying to clear out a settlement than to chase a particular subquest chain all across Paris. Unity's crowd blending and management was mechanically interesting, but not as refreshingly so as Rogue's counter-assassin play.

That said, the experience was still not perfect. There were bugs on occasion, particularly surrounding the boarding mechanic. More importantly, it suffers from the quest armors not having any noticeable abilities - after scouring the world for the totems or the Templar keys for unique armors, the fact that they do not have any statistical advantage is unsatisfying - the Precursor Armor from 4 is a perfect example of quest armor. For example, the Native Armor could have allowed blending in treetops (to avoid sentries while moving around forts) and the Medieval Templar Armor could have granted immunity to air assassinations (which are not difficult to deal with anyway, but it would have been something). In future I hope that quest armor provides a noticeable improvement over the base armor - particularly since it's usually less fashionable.
 

Retromach
411 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2018
I make my own luck, to buy this game instead Unity.
 

FluttershyBUTT
107 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2020
Great Assassin's Creed game. Enjoyed it a lot.
 

NotCronked
97 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2020
yes
 

MAN
51 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2020
Game crashes on startup, spent a while trying to fix it all to no avail. DO NOT TRUST UBISOFT!
 

KillerKarl
149 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
this game has a lot of reused assets from assassins creed 4 but the story and main character more than make up for it
 

Mr. Fish
181 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Black Flag with a few add-ons but it's refreshing to see the story from a different perspective
 

☆ Rai ☆
136 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
MAN. I LOVE THIS GAME. ONLY THE 2ND ONE I HAVE PLAYED. IM HOOKED. EVERYONE IF YOU HAVENT PLAYED ASSASSINS CREED I WOULD TELL YOU THAT YOU HAVE TO GIVE IT A TRY
 

r.pasheek
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Black flag 2 but I like it
 

Panzer VIII Maus
84 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2017
It's alright, this game is suitable for gaming laptop who has 4GB RAM and the fps is always 60 and above, very well made gameplay, the story and the characters are really interesting. Not as good as AC IV but the game is quite similar to it.
 

Fuckin commas up
56 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Underrated and over shadowed by the main installment during the year it was released, This game is one of the best in the series, continuing the excellent sea combat from Black flag and tying together the story and characters from several other titles in the franchise.
 

AwesomePossum
697 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2015
A.K.A. Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag (Irish Edition). It's literally the Black Flag engine copied over and slightly modified, but with entirely less tedious ship travel. I 100% this game, and I genuinely enjoyed the experience. The story was pretty decent, but not nearly as good as some of the other AC games, but it did tie together AC3's and Unity's story which was a pretty nice touch to make up for the fairly dry overall story. Depending on your skill, you will either be hunted by assassin's or be the assassin hunter, which is a very appreciated touch to the general idea of being a deserter of the assassin brotherhood, and the game made the creed of the assassins actually appear fairly unappealing, which leads into questions that never otherwise were apparent in any of the other games. With all that being said, it's a decent addition to the series if you're a pretty big Assassin's Creed fan.
 

Mr Nanner
561 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
129.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2021
A decent game. If you want more naval exploration but something different than black flag, this is your game. North Atlantic location is intriguing and beautiful specially at night when Northern lights appears. New York feels more colourful and is fun to explore,it feels better than New York of AC 3. You will not get exploration as much as black flag. Story was not bad. But only 10-11 hours of campaign is not sufficient this game. Game had so much potential,still side activities like gang-headquarters and Assassination prevention are challenging enough. Overall an underrated game in series. I Recommend to buy Deluxe Edition on SALE.
 

aaryanpol1792000
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2021
Quite impressed with this game. I've played every single AC game up to this point, and I was skeptical coming into Rogue mainly because it was met with lukewarm reception when it first came out. Gameplay-wise it's almost identical to AC4 Black Flag which is excellent, as AC4 is arguably the greatest or second greatest Assassin's Creed game ever released. The premise and setting are also interesting. The only thing I did not like much about the game was how shallow some of the characters seemed. The plot is meh and some of the antagonists are cartoonishly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The protagonist Shay is quite well written, yet almost everyone around him leaves something to be desired. Also the present day interactions with the animus lady are cringe. Solid AC game, miles better than Revelations and AC3 but not quite at the level of AC2 and Black Flag.


7.5/10
 

lowkey depressed w decent style
131 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2015
Game crashes constantly.
Randomly. There hasn't been a repeat instance.
Just putzing around and BOOM!
crash to desktop.
If only it could normally exit that fast when I want to close the game
 

Tearnov
314 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 23
Not bad not good, average level. It can be deemed as a mini version of Black Flag. Main story is extreme short, efficient player can only take less than 10 hours to finish it.
 

Hümphêriæ
87 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2019
its okay, not as memorable as ac3 or black flag but good.
 

Antarctican Immagrants
68 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2019
Nice game
 

Rulle
51 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
146.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2019
good
 

E$E$E$
30 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 17, 2021
"Stay my blade from the flesh of the innocent. Hide in plain sight. Never compromise the Assassin Brotherhood. These are the tenets of the Creed. The principles I used to live by. I was a young man then. The Seven Years War was about to begin. I could not have imagined what the future has in store for me... Nor the cost I would choose to bear... My name is Shay Patrick Cormac. This is my story..."
 

Yuu
647 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 10
My Assassins journey has continued with a game that had come highly recommended. It's a shame that I don't have a whole lot to say as this one doesn't add much to the franchise.

Visuals and sound are nice for the generation in which this was released. But the content is exactly the same as the titles that came previously. Same running, climbing and combat mechanics. Same open world collectables and unlockables. Same tired progression through and through. The story does a nice job of bridging the gap between AC3 and AC4, but is far from a necessity to play through.

There are a lot of comparisons to AC4 here, except with Americas instead of the Caribbean setting. So if you are after another sailing voyage, you might be entertained. Or if you were a big enough fan of AC3 that you wanted a direct prequel, this is for you. But if you already started to feel the franchise fatigue from the previous titles, this one is easy to skip.
 

Za_Uvek
1,854 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2020
gud
 

Lupi
164 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2016
a brand new kind of ac series
different point of view of how
the assassins work
really like this kind of series
 

Laica(vac)
31 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2020
Despite this sort of being a reskin of Black Flag, I really enjoyed this game. Very short, but the story was very impactful. I'm really excited to play Unity now!!
 

AdventFiya
47 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2021
It's a decent game. I think that Shaw, as a character is kind of. Blah. But to see the downfall of the assassins was nice. To see it from the other perspective.
 

ZackAttackHD
324 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2021
I love how the game is challenging and how it make you use your brain in order to find a better route during the missions.
 

Ebihara Uchiha
9 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
One of my favorite Assassins Creed games ever released on part with ASC 2 and Revalations. Really good soundtack, ship controls from assassins creed black flag, fresh and interesting story, really interesting locations, lots of cities to explore.

The only negative is the graphics, they are not bad, but not good ether, just decent assassins creed black flag level graphics, and the game itself does not add anything new to the table, it just takes some fun aspects previous asc games and capitalises on that.
 

local perk trader
163 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2020
Assassin's creed rogue is a pretty good assassin's creed game. I probably like it because it is similar to Black Flag while still being completely different. I think it is definitely one of the better assassin's creed games, if you enjoyed Black Flag or pirate games in general.
 

FancyRooster7
19 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2019
If you enjoyed Black Flag you may like this one as long as you don't expect much. If you enjoyed Assassin's Creed 2 & Brotherhood, are looking for an intriguing story of an assassin being seduced/tricked by the bad guys, or at least some new/improved game mechanics stay away, you will be very disappointed. It's really unfortunate because the game does have at least some potential, but it rushes way too much and the writing is lazy rather than creative.

Pros:
- Didn't crash?

Cons:
- Keeps the grindy naval warfare where you need to engage in naval battles to get enough resources to upgrade before you can proceed with the story
- Instead of introducing you to an Assassin and telling you how he got there such that you can relate to him it's just 'You play as this guy. His name's Shay'. Minor parts of his backstory are mentioned but you never learn enough to be able to relate to him they way you could with Ezio
- Areas and characters are reused from Black Flag and III. I'm not inherently opposed to this, but they don't take the time to explain well enough how it all fits together. For 90% of the game I was convinced it was because they couldn't possibly fit together properly. It wasn't until the very end they mentioned something and enough of it fell into place for me to see that it does have some potential to be a good story.
- It feels like they're just throwing a bunch of information at you rather than telling a story. Some of it's relevant, some of it isn't.
- The out of Animus parts are a waste of time. There's nothing interesting, no real story, just a random guy (you) being ordered about. Unlike with Desmond none of the characters are likeable, relatable, or even remotely interesting. It's more filler than anything else; like they felt obligated to include some out of animus parts.
- Gameplay wise, most of it is from other games and what little new things there is I didn't really find useful.
- There's no fascinating story of being seduced/fooled by the Templars. As mentioned in other reviews, the assassin's are jerks, and that's pretty much all there is to it. Basically, .

Verdict: 4/10
 

RikkiUW
743 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2017
This game is pure junk, more or less. I mean, is it an Assassin's Creed game? Ye-es. Yes it is. But, in terms of effort by the developers and originality of gameplay - this game is just downright shoddy.

If you have played Black Flag (ACIV) then you have played this game. This game is basically leftovers from Black Flag, regurgitated for a last final farewell on the last-gen systems, and it feels like it. The premise is OK, in general - you play as a disillusioned Assassin who then joins the ranks of the Templars through a twist of fate......that's all well and good. Story rarely makes Assassin's Creed games, or breaks them....

What DOES make or break Assassin's Creed games is gameplay mechanics and the flow of things - and Rogue is truly awful in these terms. These games are all about parkour and free-running skills, and Rogue feels like it has been put together by a group of people whose finesse stops at judging how close to pull up at the McDonald's drive-thru. Climbing up anything is hit-or-miss, except in the wild where you are dealing with cliffs, in which case it's 98% miss. You will attempt to parkour up a cliff only to find that you simply fall back down to the ground after splatting up against an invisible wall. If, on the rare occasion you actually do manage to latch on to the ledge of whatever you are trying to climb, you will spend five minutes shuffling back and forth with your hands as your guy dangles there before you actually manage to persuade the game mechanics that you are actually at a pixel where it will let you pull-up from.

You get stuck in boards and trees, too - when simply trying to free run, you will find yourself with your leg awkwardly glitched into a board from a shipwreck and unable to proceed. Sometimes, your guy decides that he is an invalid and literally stops dead at small pieces of rock in the wild. Juddering him free truly takes you out of your stride, and out of the game.

Every single viewpoint in the wild is the same. The same freaking tree - every time, with the same kinks in the trunk and same 'rail' to run along to synchronize the viewpoint. C'mon Ubisoft - are you even trying here? And don't even get me started on the "lurkers" or whatever they are - in the cities and camps etc......suddenly you'll hear a bunch of whispery voices (think Parceltongue from Harry Potter), and the edges of your screen will go misty and foggy.....because.......lurkers, apparently. Whuuuuut?? Who are these freaks, and why do they spend an entire day hiding in a haybale waiting for me to stomp by? And......why do they speak the language of the House of Slytherin??

The sailing/ship battles/ship upgrading aspect of the game is....fine. As usual, as has been displayed in both Black Flag and ACIII before it - Ubisoft have a rock solid naval battle system going on. But, really.......this game offers nothing new with respect to the ship battles or exploration.....and so it becomes nothing more than Black Flag outcuts.

The weakest game in the series is ACIII, in my opinion, but this one comes a close second - basically because it is ACIII (climb the irritating trees.....all the trees) with a more extensive naval aspect. The protagonist is actually also almost as irritating as Connor from ACIII, too......and that's saying something.
 

ZEESHAN NASIR
1,178 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2017
This game is essentially Black Flag 2.0. If you liked Black Flag like I did and this is at least 15% off, I highly recommend it. The engine is the same, and a lot (actually all except 1 that I can think of) of the mechanics were kept. As such, Rogue doesn't bring anything new gameplay wise (except the grenades and the air rifle, which are pretty neat). However, it's still a good game that wraps up the North American chapter of the series nicely.

Pros : Naval combat was kept from AC4, with the addition of a ram dash.
Protagonist is more interesting (at least IMO) than previous AC heroes.
Story-wise, there are nice hints to other AC titles, like AC4, and a clever easter egg to the beginning of AC Liberation.
Combat feels fluid, controls are well optimized.
Sword and dagger combo replace the ol' sword from past AC titles, bringing a breath of fresh air to combat.
New feature - Assassins' HQ, which are a nice addition to the franchise
New feature - Stalkers, who use assassin tactics that can give you the ol' one-two if you're not paying attention.


Cons : Older target hardware is evident - Rogue doesn't look bad at all, but the animations are somewhat clunky.
Story feels a bit rushed particularly towards the end.
Dialogue writing is completely telegraphed and breaks away from Edward Kenway's pirate swagger in AC4.
The game doesn't really give you an incentive to explore the world - most of the story missions are in the same few places, so you can fast travel through most of the story.

TLDR ; This game is halfway between a new game and a Black Flag DLC. Buy it if you have the money and / or if you liked Black Flag.
- 8/10
 

Hide The Pain Harold
126 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2016
My CD keys for the DLC are not appearing, please help.
 

Bigs
143 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2016
Pretty , Fun and as always repatative but HEY

Its one of the best of the series with great mechanics but its really just a big dlc to black flag
 

Terry
174 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2017
Nice boating
 

erJelG
122 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2018
I completed the game on xbox 360 around 2 years ago now, And the remastered version just brings the classic feeling right
back, The graphics are amazing, walls that are meant to be solid are solid, and the story is FABULOUS

PROS:
Graphics are amazing!
Story is amazing!

CONS:
Takes a while to be a templar, but no biggy
 

Acid Frank
84 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
53.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2015
(Voted down to highlight the negatives)

It's a good game when seen as the Black Flag 1.5 it essentially is. There are some gameplay details that are slightly improved/extended and a good bunch of new areas to explore. It's neither reinventing the wheel nor moving away from proven ideas and as such solid/good enough in gameplay ways.

But there are story/character details that are bugging me.

The Assassins vs Templars thing is getting old, least when done like here. Other reviewers are praising how the Templars are shown less evil, but that happens by what felt as a cheap switching of sides. The labels "Assassins" and "Templars" were basically exchanged. It's the same concept that I may have seen too many times: An "arms" (Precursor sites) race between both sides that ends in just another undecided semi-tie. Your present self being - like in Black Flag - an uninteresting name-, face- and voiceless Abstergo employee referred to by another character only as "numbskull" (and openly so - perhaps he should quit the job or submit a complaint about bullying?) roaming the same Abstergo Entertainment offices as you did in Black Flag, albeit less crowded, to relive/play through the life of an Assassin/Templar that is never mentioned elsewhere and brings no conclusion to anything (there is a small tie-in to Unity, but it doesn't look like there was much to it) hardens the feeling that Ubisoft stalls the progression of the overarching story to keep up the facade of a reality-imitating, self-advertising and never-ending franchise.

Shay turns his coat for an event that - despite its severe impact on parts of civilian life - could be seen as a petty misunderstanding. "Dude, just talk to them again, don't be so hasty!" one might want to tell him. It feels forced. More so by how the Assassins, least those Shay is opposing, are now supposed to be reckless mass-murderers who suddenly don't care as much about their buddies or civilians and who are now sharing some of the same silly speeches upon facing death as your cliché Templar baddies. ("Hah, we tricked you all along you fool! But since I got nothing better to do while dying in this puddle of blood before you I'll just give you a hint towards our super-secret plan to rule/free the world regardless only so you can foil it! And while we're at it: Please take this Precursor artifact as well, I won't need it anymore, dead as I'm soon going to be!).

It even feels like a kind of insult that the Assassins you fight - some important figures from previous games - seem to be lacking their own skills. They are sometimes prancing about small areas of objectives literally waiting for you to air-assassinate them only with nameless grunts/thugs as meatshields. (Apparently trying to stay "under the radar" has become irrelevant to the Assassins, a bunch of people that can only be called common gangs put a variant of their signature symbol all over places and are bullying and terrorizing civilians on their behalf). You can kill them as easily as any stupid Templars. They hardly feel different, and it's just as hard to actually regret what you are doing. They are depicted as sort-of-madmen throughout many parts. (They lack the evil voices and cold-blooded slaughtering of disobedient minions, but they aren't far from it). Shay is often voicing doubts about his actions against either faction (if he isn't pronouncing cockily for like the twentieth time that he "makes his own luck"), and his voice actor is doing rather good, but it won't help the overall feeling that things are forced and shallow. The intention must've been to blur the lines between both factions but despite probably best intentions it's done in an unimpressive, predictable, boring manner.

Shay has no great motivations. Proper reasoning has never been the strength of the series but it falls flatter here than ever. He feels very non-descriptive, siding with whoever would help him best in his vague concept of saving civilian life. And as luck would have the Templars are there when he just bailed the Assassins and got away against all odds - how convenient. He has lost no family (Ezio, Connor), he wasn't genuinely wronged by anyone (Altaïr), he has no social injustice to deal with (Aveline, Adéwalé), there is no one for him to swear true revenge to. What he cares for aside from all the factions bickering is hardly given any exposition and if it weren't for rather lucky or unlucky circumstances no one necessarily intended to have happen he might have never joined any faction to begin with. At one point he compares the lustful ladies of different places but that kind of character trait was already served with young Ezio and Edward Kenway. Even the latter with his fits of greed and wishes for an "easy" and "good" life he would want to "taste" was more tangible and sympathetic than what the rather cold and blank Shay can muster. Him switching sides happens rather quickly, you don't get warm with his friends/co-Assassins either, and a minute after having met them you pretty much know you are going to fight them so why even bother?

Something schizophrenic: You can kill civilians without desynchronization. Fans of the series might have secretly wished for that in years. But it's highly anticlimactic considering Shay betrays the Assassins only so he can save civilians instead of mass-murdering them. Even if you cast that faulty logic aside: It's not much fun killing civilians anyway because bounty hunters will be "sent" after you almost immediately (they spawn close to you out of thin air once your "wanted" level hits stage one - after three civilian kills - and they instantly jump you) who annoyingly block/parry a great part of your attacks in an otherwise highly unchallenging and massively forgiving game. A lack of difficulty isn't something bad per-se, I play the series mainly for story/characters/exploration, but such ways of artificial difficulty spikes aren't exciting to deal with when done so bluntly and a real bummer when meant to throttle down on a new feature before it had even a chance to prove itself. But I guess there had to be strict limits to this or else age ratings might have shot up a level.

What genuinely disappoints/annoys me is that the present-time story is absolutely not progressing. Some dubious Abstergo superior is trying to tell you your work is oh-so-important and stuff, acting and talking to you in irritatingly vague and mysterious ways spurting hollow and meaningless phrases ("You will understand soon", "Be prepared for the coming time" etc. - I had to roll my eyes whenever I heard such lines, I'd consider quitting such a seemingly trivial job if people started talking like that to me). I believe the present-time story is one of the more interesting aspects about the series as it holds more potential and freedom in writing than the past-time scenarios that are necessarily forced to roughly follow historic facts and to avoid time paradoxi (balance of power) making even the best of them predictable in ways. But I guess the present-time story cannot be progressed as much without leading the entire series to an end, so as long as Ubisoft won't be willing to do that it will not advance at all or only at a snail's pace. Which is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shame.
 

Ailes
1,092 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2017
Assassin's Creed Rogue was released in 2014 for PS3 and Xbox 360 as a parting gift, the last AC on the old generation consoles. It came to PC a few months. Set in the 1750s in North America it features Shay Patrick Cormac, an assassins turned templar as the protagonist. That's right, this game's main standout point was that you played it from a Templar point of view.

As interesting as being a Templar sounds, it doesn't really change the story in any way from previous AC games. There's first civilization relics to hunt and enemy agents to assassinate. Admitedly, it does a good job of bridging the gaps between AC Black Flag, AC 3 and even AC unity. Especially the ending really sets the stage for AC3 and it's nice to see Achilles' backstory, even if not featured very prominently. However, the story lacks any sort of interesting or strong characters that Black Flag or even AC3 had. None of the characters are interesting. Not even Haytham Kenway (who does indeed appear in this) managed to catch my interest. He wasn't the authoritative man from AC3 that gave you a unique view of the Templar vs Assassin war, he was just another quest giver telling you 'go kill x, go retrieve y.'

As for gameplay, the game is an odd mix of Black Flag and AC3. It has an open ocean to explore (this time the North Atlantic) and a ship to sail, the Morrigan, giving you all the privateering joyfullnes of Black Flag. But it also has the city of New York, where you are doing more traditional, AC3 style, assassination missions and 'liberating the city' in the form of capturing forts and strategic places to earn income. The ocean stuff is fantastic but New York is just dull and not very interesting. Missed opportunity. As for the combat, it's exactly the same as Black Flag and 3.

Overal, I feel mixed about the game. Rogue tries to be both Black Flag and AC3 at the same time. It shines when it tries to be the former, but feels very dull and just painful when it tries to be the latter. The story is nice to see but very short and the main cast of characters not very interesting. But I'd still recommend it for diehard AC fans as it does expand the story and I still had fun playing it, despite it's frustrations. For newcomers, just skip it. Black Flag is a way better game and has a better story.

6.5/10
 

Joer5835™
232 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2017
Pretty sweet game, although the story was a little short, albeit was not meant to be the star on release since Unity came out during the same month and this one was designed to release only for the previous consoles. However, it is VERY important to the Assassin's Creed storyline as it ties in AC3, Black Flag, and Unity. Environments were pretty cool.

I did not encounter any major issues with the game as it ran pretty well. It was much better than I had expected considering Unity released the same month.
 

Shaddy
238 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2017
Was pretty good spent 10$ on it and played a good amount of hours. Had an interesting take on Assassin's we've come to know and made me rethink a lot of the things I've done in pervious game's if there was a better solutiton. My biggest dissapointmeant with the game is the main character. Although Shay had some interesting views and his story was very "relatable" in a sense. He just wasn't all that interesting, the story he carries and the things he did could have been brought out better if put into the right emotions. The character itself just didn't have much emotion, he betrayed and killed his friends the only people he's known and it was tragic but the character never actaully showed any remorse just justification for trying to save the world. 8/10 Story

Visually the game looked great, a lot of people will ♥♥♥♥ on it looking worse than Black Flag, I simply took it as a copy paste of ACIII done right. (Not saying ACIII was bad, but needed improvement and this game delivered it) This game had NOTHING new that wasn't already in every other AC game, but as it is like every other yearly release it simply had small improvements in both visual and gameplay. Visually and mechanically it played well and that was enough for me as someone who just wanted to play something related to AC.

[NOTE] I only recommend this game because it was something that I personally enjoyed and would like others to try out within the fanbase. If you aren't within the fan base this game could easily be a huge dissapointmeant from misleading trailers and being a redo of what ACIII could have been if it had focused more on Naval Combat. This game is more close to ACIII than AC4 simply for the reason that AC4 was focused on being Pirates while this game was focused on a story that fortunately included Naval Combat and the same settings as AcIII. It is a prequel to ACIII but it is not needed to play to continue on with the story of Templars and Assassin's. This could easily be skipped and you wouldn't miss a thing. This game also leads into the stroy of Unity but once again, can easily be skipped and you wouldn't miss a thing.
 

| нsт | Victorino Mora
571 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
78.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2017
Too much wilderness in ACIII, too much sailing in ACIV:BF. This one combines a reasonable amount of both sailing and wilderness and throws in a fair sized city (NY) to boot. Plays on the strengths of the two previous games without stooping to repeating the faults in them. Also the protagonist actually has a likeable personality. Technically AC Rogue is a cut and paste job of older game mechanics, but much more balanced. Plus ice bergs and aurora borealis. This is the best AC right after the Ezio trilogy.
 

Kriisikka
301 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2017
negative:
only 6 sequences. (too expensive for the price)
too many collectibles to get unlockable outfits.

positive:
game was well optimized for pc. had high performance on low end laptop.
nice gameplay.
nice storyline.
interesting character.
 

Aomine~
46 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2017
Enjoyed playing as the "other-side." Very much like AC IV: Black Flag, but that's hardly a bad thing.
 

Skytzo_Marc
324 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2016
One of the best Assassin's Creed It's worth it!
 

⭐️Storm Wing⭐
215 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
I finally have the game after years ago being a PS3 and Xbox 360 exclusive. But this version frequently crashes. It's a random chance (that "ac.exe stopped working..." error and stuff). I tried to look for solutions and nothing works for me and I failed in my refund request because I pass the playtime limit.

Anyway, I can take the positive side. As far as I could play, it seems to be a good Black Flag's sequel. It was wonderful to relive the naval fights and explore the map while scavenging ship wrecks, chest, and stuff.

It's a shame that I can't play this game properly after years, but I can't do nothing else.
 

Pascualoso
273 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2016
One of the best Assassin's Creed games!
 

Jim
155 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2016
Another pretty solid game in AC series.
+Runs smoothly,
+Impressive in-game frame rate,
+Improved ship battle,
+Great story,
+Badass weapons,
+Better than Unity
10/10 would become a templar again.
 

HandsomeLost
393 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2016
Better than Unity but not quite Black Flag. It is pretty cool being a Templar for a change.
 

ThatPCgamer
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
Gr8
 

seven
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2017
Rogue has the most interesting story of any recent Assassin’s Creed game. It’s fascinated by its own history, and introduces a level of ambiguity which changes how we look at the formerly simple conflict between Assassins and Templars. So it's all the more disappointing there's so little to do while the story is being told; the upgrade economy's pointless and most of the tasks are quite trivial. Story aside, so much of Rogue feels redundant, repetitive, and ultimately in need of reinvention.
 

Hєєn
266 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
Nice game , The Missions are fun but just one thing..
I dont know what the hell is going on with the editors, But
to sail about 10 hours from the time of playing the game , In a boat like 5 min To get to ur
Mission location , Its really dumb...
You sailing on the water , Without doin' Anything...
Not The best , But its ok :|
 

t0p
25 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2015
So.... Assassin's Creed... AC Games haven't had the best reputation on pc after AC IV: Black Flag and AC Unity. But I can for safely say that this game is very solid.

I got this game on the steam summersale with the Unity-Rogue bundle and I am not dissapointed.

PROS
- In the terms of graphics this game is no stunner. Almost similar to AC IV: Black Flag with a few improvements. Then again it's surely not an ugly game either.
- The setting is great, sailing in frosty seas, and the game really does a good job giving you that feel.
- Even out of the Animus, there is lots of interesting things to find, as you repair computers and find notes. Much more interesting than in AC IV: Black Flag. Some things could for examble be a video with a interesting take on a charrecter we have interacted with or seen in other games!
- Even though this game seem alot like AC IV: Black Flag and surtainly plays alot like it. They have managed to create a new game out of old stuff.

CONS
- The story is short. I completed this game in around 14-15 hours, with me slagging a bit. (Doing side objectives and so on) There is still more I can do and explore, but as for the main story it falls a bit short.
- Price: For as good and solid game this is. It is not worth 50€. Especially if you have played both AC III and AC IV: Black Flag. Not to mention it's short story compared to the price, and many of the sideobjectives are nearly identical to the ones in AC IV: Black Flag, just with a little twist.
- Bugs... Ah yes, what is an AC game without it's bugs? I have played them all, and I have found a bug in each one of them. It being console or pc they are still there and this game is not free of them either allthough very minor. The bugs I incountered: Assassinated a npc in a bush and your charrecter froze completely and couldn't move, where I had to restart the game. / Stuck on loading screen. / Unable to block even though I clearly pressed the button in time.
- As a one last con... Uplay.... This game requires a 3rd-party DRM (As all ubisoft games do on steam.) and I can tell you that it just doesn't work. Crashing, half of the features not working, and very clunky to use. Especially because it doesn't work well with steam. So if you buy this game (Or any game from ubisoft) do be aware that.

CONCLUSION
All in all this is a good game with a heavy pricetag on it for what it is. Basicly an AC: IV: Black Flag game in AC III settings, with you playing as a templar. If you can get this game on a sale, it's definetly a win! Especially for the AC fans out there.
 

T3ddybear
407 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
Higly recommended for AC fans. If you loved Black Flag, you will love this one even more. Gameplay is somewhat similar to Black Flag, that includes hunting, crafting, being a pirate, upgrading your ship, combat, collectibles, taverns, etc. However, there is more than that. There are new additions to the games which makes the game pretty much awesome to play, I am telling that from what I have encountered so far, but there could be more interesting things to do in the game. You can even hunt polar bears now, and they have added more animals you can hunt. But, that's only the minor upgrade to the game, there are other nice additions as well.

At first, the gameplay looks like another Black Flag with different environment settings, but after hanging on to it for a while, the game turned out to be pretty good with a good story line to follow. Nice graphics and minor neglictible glitches. If you have second thoughts about buying this game, don't, go ahead and get this one and enjoy the game.

GG.
 

stunt man is [Läzy]
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2016
And now, a review of Assassin's Creed: Rogue.

This one is hotly contested in the same review rank and weight as Assassins Creed: Black Flag as both games have similar mechanics (Albeit minor improvements in this title).

As the spiritual successor to Black Flag, combat, game play, game length and the story transition smoothly into the next, and the room for character development and upgrades in this massive open world experience is plenty.

Notes:

Graphics: Sleek and beautiful. Runs much smoother than Black Flag on similar hardware as some Nvidia specific features such as PhysX are not present on this title. In the modern era, the game's graphics will be well handled by a mid-range rig, and a solid 60FPS gameplay experience is possible without any glitches.

Story:

This game takes us on to the side of the templars, featuring legends such as Haytham Kenway, Shay Patrick Cormac, the great assassins Adewale, and a lot of other memorable characters. I would strongly advice any new player to grab copies of Assassins Creed III and Black Flag before diving into this game, and prerably play Assassins Creed Unity to get a feel of the whole story.
Character development, the game's length and the gameplay intertwine to create a stoey that tells of a man turned by guilt against his brethren to join the Templars, and in so doing becomes driven by purpose and principle, above all else. We see Shay Cormack transform into a lethal Assassin slayer, having to counter visages from his past life using the very skills they taught him. And your part in playing his memories through the Animus is to learn to couner attacks from assassins and to raid their camps. No small feat, and you will be absorbed over tens of hours exploring the open world here.

Audio/ Sound work: Excellently done. The music in this game is expertly composed, and the shanties are a timely and welcome addition to the deep, well-crafted in-game environment. Also, quite memorable.
The english speakers are quite fluent, and all in all, a high quality recreation of the characters they represent.

Gameplay: Reminiscent of Assassins Creed: Black Flag, the action is split about 65:35 land/sea in missions, and there's a ton of side activities, exploration, assassinations, and naval expeditions to execute in this exhilirating chapter of Assassins Creed. A slight drawback (in my opinion) is that combat , naval expeditions and assassinations feel a bit repetitive (a common ailment of the franchise) and not much innovation has been done to the aging combat system in this franchise. The new story arc does introduce new gameplay elements such as reverse boarding and an easier transition to legendary naval battles, and these are welcome improvements over Black Flag's offerings.


Online/ Multiplayer:

Self-descriptive. Prepare to spend much of it on land, though. Take hints from the DLCs in that regard. Your mileage may vary, knowing how unreliable Uplay's network connectivity can be.
I'm aware console gamers may have a better experience here compared to the PC version.

Recommendations: Buy this game in a steam sale, and do not purchase it as part of a Ubisoft bundle as it will cost you more. Buy it separately.

Overall rating: 10/10 , must - own (If you liked Assassins Creed Black Flag).
 

Death
265 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2016
+1
 

smitty
390 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2016
Another great Assassins Creed game!
 

Pablo
24 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2015
Assassin's Creed: Rogue was a bit of a surprise for me. I've always loved the franchise, with very few exceptions. When Rogue and Unity released, I only played Unity because at the time, I had an Xbox One and not a 360. I was so disappointed with Unity...they changed everything and made it ten times worse, the story was boring, and in the beginning, the game was incredibly broken. I was worried that Rogue would be much of the same, since they released at the same time.

I am so, so happy I was wrong.

Rogue is a lot like Black Flag in the mechanics and world exploration. Rogue doesn't focus quite as heavily on naval battles, but they are still an option, and still a lot of fun. The story was wonderful, especially since you met a lot of characters from previous games, and learned what their individual journeys were like. I feel like Rogue was the game we should have received instead of Assassin's Creed 3. Connor's story was really just there to introduce us to Haytham, who was such a big influence on the way history transpired. Of course, the mechanics still leave a lot to be desired, but they are a whole hell of a lot better than 3 or Unity, for sure. The main, big target killing missions were more like free-run chase missions, but after thinking about it, I'm not surprised. A rogue assassin that is attacking former allies that are also assassins...they all know tricks to elude fights.

I was also happy with this game because it was more like going back to the roots of the Assassin's Creed franchise...the story just felt more in line with things we hadn't seen since Altair, with our protagonist really questioning the things he was led so blindly to believe. It's been very interesting to see how the Templar and Assassin lines are developing, and with all the news that is being released in each game, it makes me think that a future installment will have a big twist with us having worked with the wrong side of the Assassain/Templar War.

TLDR; Rogue feels more like a game that was developed with the franchise's roots in mind; great story line, 9/10
 

Valkyrie
77 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
Didn't really like the game much, the story wasn't that captivating imo altho it gives insight to continue the series. Playability brought not much new.
5/10
 

beangus
82 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2016
Good game, great story i would go as far as to say that its better then ac4 its missing diving parts from it but has new mechanics to replace it
 

Gamingman
2,349 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2017
This game has a really good story, probably the best since the Ezio trilogy. The Graphics are kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it was made for last-gen consoles without enhancements on the PC version. But in my opinion everything looks good except the hair textures on the civilians, that looks awful. This game is like a puzzle to connect blackflag and III together and it gives you a better understanding from a templar perspective.
 

[FL:RP] razz
166 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2018
Fun game, lots to do. I 100%'d it and most of it didn't even feel like a chore like Black Flag did. Pretty well-written and flows smoothly. Great optimization for lower end systems.
Keep in mind, the Templars and the Brotherhood are just entities in the grand scheme of things. If you're buying this game because you think you're gonna be playing a templar, you're gonna be disappointed. Shay's character is clairvoyant, if anything, but definitely not characteristic of what the AC series defines as a Templar.
Enjoy the ride!
 

WinDOS XP 2
270 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2017
Amazing game!!! If you like ac black flag this is the game for you it has everything that's good about that game and more
1. It has a good and different story
2. Less walking missions
3. Better ships and better hunting
4. Less time outside the animus
5. Grenades are a great improvement
So yeah it's a really good game 9/10 only problems are it feels a little short and those old ladies are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ annoying
 

eitamah.0
167 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
I've only had this game for an hour, and it is amazing!
 

DJ KUSH | Buying Backpacks
439 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
Underrated but very good AC game. Not the best in series but important in story and fun and playable.

You also get to play on the other, Templar, side of the story. Locations are nicely made and the story is interesting.
 

Sunds
585 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
184.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 25, 2015
Great game, campaign is very short but the story is great. The gameplay is Black Flag with a bit of polish, so don't expect a whole new experience. Pirating (Privateering, technically) is as fun as ever and the Morrigan has enough of it's own flair to make it feel unique compared to the Jackdaw or the Experto Crede.
The outfits are also really good looking in this game. Even better than the ones in Black Flag.
My biggest issue with the game is that it's inundated with meaningless collectibles. Less chests/Animus fragments and more unique weapons and outfits pls. My only other complaint is that there's a lot of good looking swords in the game, but they all have terrible stats (even the ones you get from completing side quests). You can buy one of the best swords in the game from the get-go for about 18k, which isn't much if you board a lot of ships or save up money in Shay's bank, and basically make obtaining any other sword meaningless with the exception of Altair's.
Anyway, if you loved Black Flag and want more of the same, Rogue is certainly worth checking out.
 

Fine
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2017
Is this game glorified AC: Black Flag DLC? Yes, yes it is. However, it's still really fun and I'd say it can stand alone pretty well. This game was a bone thrown to people on previous gen consoles so they could get their yearly fill of Assassin's Creed, therefore its pretty half-assed. I'll save you some time, don't bother with any collectables, theres hardly any reward apart from maybe the satisfaction of 100% the game. It is genuinely hilarious to me that Unity was meant to be the massive new gen innovative AC game and this half-assed, copy and pasted piece of ♥♥♥♥ completely blew it out of the water enjoyment-wise. Is this game well put togther? Not in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ slightest. Is it fun and worth the money? Yeah. I don't think I'll ever get tired of being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirate, this really gets any longing you had left after Black Flag. Perhaps don't play this directly after Black Flag or else it may become slightly repetitve.
 

Barry Corolla
181 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2017
A beautiful, underrated entry in the Assassin's Creed series which very well may be falling from grace. I myself was a huge fan of Assassin's Creed, then I started drifting off after the first original four games. Rouge was my attempt to get back in it. With games like Unity, and Syndicate, this is an amazing breath of fresh air.

PROS:

+ Nice Graphics
+ Well designed open world
+ Sailing (If you liked that from Black Flag, don't worry it's not overused)
+ A great story that drifts from traditional Assassin's Creeds
+ Not a lot of outside of Animus segments (Which I think everyone hates being taken out of the Animus)
+ Parkour is fluid and has plenty of variety
+ Ending Leaves you satisfied

CONS:

- Open world has plenty of things to do, but only a few are actually interesting and fun. Side missions aren't too great. Quality v. Quantity
- Forts. The forts where you would attack from your ship and then go in to raid them just didn't draw me in. They seemed like a waste of time and the ship attacking segment with your cannons is a bit too long for my taste and a bit boring.
- Depending on your definition, the story may be short. About 11-12 hours of campaign. I just wish there was more of it. A decently long story.

OVERALL RATING: 8.5/10

A must buy for any fan of Assassin's Creed.
 

EggEater
113 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
83.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2016
"I make my own luck"

These are the words that define a hero. Shay Cormac was young and idealistic. But throughout his life, he remained loyal and compassionate.

As a hardy AC fan, I was reluctant to get this as this is the story of an Assassin going rogue, turning coats and crossing over to the dark side - especially since I heard great things about Rogue. But I had never been more wrong or more clear in my love for this game and the others

Previous AC games were quite 'traditional' in the sense where the bad guys were bad and were easy to hate. But as said in my review of AC3, it started to blur the lines. This is where the Kenway line comes in. Beginning from Connor and Haytham in AC3, the grey areas of the Assassin-Templar conflict shift and change. It is not just about right and wrong anymore, but the means and intentions of achieving peace and such.

This is the story of a man living in time when the Assassin Brotherhood struggled hard to maintain righteousness. This game truly sets the tone of the question - 'Are all Templars evil? Are all Assassins' good?' From here on out, its a devil's trap, and you cannot help but see the grey and its A LOT harder to pick sides

Gameplay is much the same as the AC3, AC4 world. The naval combat and ground combat is the same as before, but set in a new and crisp environment. The graphics are way more stable than Black Flag, with no point in gameplay where glitch nor bug appeared - for me at least. The famously annoying amount of collectibles has returned, and its up to you if you wish to catch them all.

Plot is the compelling masterpiece. Not only does this tie in AC3 and AC4, but also a branch into the French Revolution in AC Unity. By this point, it would be good to mention - for maximum emotional impact, to play this first prior to ACU. Shay's story is dark and riddled with emotional turmoil. Betraying his former ideals and betrayed by his own brothers - the Creed is suddenly dark and unforgiving, something not seen since the Altair days.

Set in the Seven Years war which was a significant historical event which arguably was the impetus of the fall of the British hold on America - starting the American Revolution, and also the fall of the monarchy - kicking of the French Revolution. During this time, you will understand why Achilles in AC3 was so bitter and sad, how he learned life the hard way, and why he tries so hard to make Connor see it too. In this time, you feel the echoes of Black Flag, with the confrontation of Adewale, and his former captain's son. This game shows you the effects of the novelisation of AC3, Forsaken - Haytham choosing Templars over his conscious self and turning aside emotions.

Shay has to cut and kill his way through friends and family, to protect the world from pride and war. The Assassins are no longer the good guys, and Shay - a new Templar, is seemingly the only one more concerned with the lives of innocents than the conflict itself.

Something most other Assassins cannot say they have done.

By the end of this, though short but bittersweet, the emotional wallop is compelling. Be ready.
 

Artemisia
155 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2015
After I saw Unity was a gigantic flop I expected Rogue to more or less be a gigantic waste of time... Boy was I wrong.
Not only did it run AMAZINGLY but the story was amazing as well... More games like this in the future, dearest Ubisoft.

8/8
 

☭Comrade Reginald☭
82 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2020
The "dark" chapter of the Assassin's Creed series. Gameplay wise, an updated from Black Flag.
 

AriesNobel
156 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2021
Black flag was initially impressive until u realize how boring and repetitive it was and how uninspiring the story and the main characters.....

This one has everything that was impressive about Black Flag YET it is TIGHT......everything is interesting. rarely u feel the exploration generic AND the characters and story are the best since Assassin's 2 Story Arch!!!

I would say skip black flag and jump to this directly.
 

fouad.al.khamy.1985
499 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2017
I don't know why some people say that this is a copy of Black Flag because it's the opposite of Black Flag story wise. Controls are beautiful they use the exact same mechanics as Black Flag which is good. Also I haven't seen 1 glitch yet I don't know why some people hate this game because I love assassinating the assassins.
 

Maul
147 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2020
Good for the hardcore AC fans.
 

TheLastNoah
326 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2020
Assassin's Creed Rogue is a real game that exists
 

Slam Quarter Fridges
874 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2020
good
 

Pinoy is Cancer.
233 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2020
Enjoyed this game alot as well. Played it right after ACIV, and glad I did. It plays almost exactly like ACIV and basically looks like a cut and paste from it, but I still enjoyed it. You have a ship again (and lose it for awhile just like in IV), you have hunting and harpooning missions, but this one does add some new attack moves, new upgrades for your ship, a few new weapons, has many more iconic figures in history, and brings back characters from the other games that really ties them all together. At least with it playing pretty much the same, it made it real easy to jump into and play with a very small learning curve. Enjoyed it very much aside from a few annoying things. Took me about 30 hours to beat.
 

Old Man 678
428 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2020
---{Graphics}---
▢ You forget what reality is
▢ Beautiful
▣ Amazing for its age
▢ Good
▢ Decent
▢ Bad
▢ Don‘t look too long at it
▢ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
▢ Very good
▣ Good
▢ It‘s just gameplay
▢ Mehh
▢ Starring at walls is better
▢ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
▣ Eargasm
▢ Very good
▢ Good
▢ Not too bad
▢ Bad
▢ Earrape

---{Audience}---
▢ Kids
▢ Teens
▣ Adults
▢ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
▢ Check if you can run paint
▢ Potato
▢ Decent
▣ Fast
▢ Rich boiiiiii
▢ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
▢ Just press ‚A‘
▢ Easy
▢ Significant brain usage
▣ Easy to learn / Hard to master
▢ Difficult
▢ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
▢ Nothing to grind
▣ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks/achievements
▢ Isnt necessary to progress
▢ Average grind level
▢ Too much grind
▢ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
▢ Story?
▢ Text or Audio floating around
▢ Average
▢ Good
▢ Lovely
▣ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
▢ Long enough for a cup of coffee
▢ Short (if you do all missions, apart from main story)
▣ Average
▢ Long
▢ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
▢ It’s free!
▣ Worth the price
▢ If u have some spare money left
▢ Not recommended
▢ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
▢ Never heard of
▣ Minor bugs
▢ Can get annoying
▢ ARK: Survival Evolved
▢ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

Salty King
99 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2021
Story is kinda eh and the accent of the main character is pretty bad, but overall a good experience. Even more content than Black Flag, with more refined mechanics. The environments are beautiful, 8/10
 

Caplin
70 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2020
Old mechanics AC Creed
 

Oxalis
216 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
109.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2016
Best Assassin's Creed game so far and ive played the lot.
 

The Highwayman
254 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2018
BEST LORE GAME EVER full filler content for ac3 4 unity betuiful tie in lore game sits after ac4 right after freedomcry before ac3 and ties in directly into ac unity if you like navel combat ac4 freedomcry that bit in ac3 then youll love it here if you like the big exploration of ac3 the hunting of ac4 then the closer movement of unity this game is perfect out of all the game this is the best one for people who actually are interested in the game though its alot of work for that 100% the dlc add easyer gameplay but f it cause grinding is fun but more fun when you can win
 

SneemPunkzter
220 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 17, 2017
One of the best AC games in the series, despite using similar mechanics from AC3 and AC4 Black Flag. Shay Cormac is such an interesting character and it really allows the player to understand more of the Templar goals, as it lets you play as a Templar for the majority of the game. Unfortunately, the story is a little short, definitely shorter than its predecessors.
 

Phoon
11 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2018
Whole game is great, but the last mission is the cherry on top. Buy it and see what im talkin about
 

Chief
210 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2015
ahoy mateys! rekts every enemy ships i can see and got ♥♥♥ up by hunting killer whales :D
 

Aken
139 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2016
Assassin's Creed Rogue is an intriguing addition to the series, but lacks the depth its story deserves.
 

Vandy
1,282 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2017
wow what a good game
 

Kinderpiemel Inspecteur
25 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
its fun
 

Elyrhaz
123 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2016
Fun little DLC for Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag
 

Supreme Chancellor Mel Gibson
94 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 25
Templars > ASSassins
 

Mi Li
384 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
225.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2016
Good game, and the Templars have better outfits than the Assassins.

Shay actually comes off as a relatable character, and it works well with the overall Assassin's Creed storyline. The combat and controls are smooth, and like all of the games it's beautiful.
 

BattleSausage
637 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2016
I honestly think this is the best and most interesting AC game ever. Before all of you get salty and say that It's not, i just want to say this is in my opinion. I love the fact that ubisoft shifted things a bit and changed the perspective of the series itself. I love its connection to other AC games as well.
 

Meow
15 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2017
Disappointed by Assassin's Creed Unity? Play Rogue instead.

HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Recommended.
On the fence.
Play it when hell freezes over.
Avoid like the plague.

SIMILAR GAMES: Assassin's Creed 4, Prince of Persia, Far Cry 3/4
SIMILAR MOVIES: Pirates of the Caribbean, Master and Commander

It's a worth successor to Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag. If you haven't played AC4, then you are missing out on quite possibly one of the best games ever made. I've been a long time fan and supporter of the AC franchise. I've played every single game excluding Syndicate. Up until AC4, the series followed a very familiar formula - parkour, explore the map by climbing towers and updating your map, do challenges to earn up better weapons and armor upgrades, and progress through the story by assassinating bad guys and experiencing interesting plot twists. Every new AC game featured a few new concepts but it was mostly the same formula improved just a little bit by throwing in an extra minigame and tweaking some gameplay. By AC3, gamers got tired of this recycling. In addition, the game was hit with a lot of glitches and poor optimization. The formula was completely remade with the addition of naval warfare. This was one of the greatest additions to the series and it occured by accident. Basically you have a ship and a crew and you can choose to be a pirate and raid smaller ships for supplies in order to gain loot and money which you will later use to upgrade your ship and character. And yes, the naval battles are incredible. They are so amazing that part of the game can literally be it's own stand alone game. AC4 recieved a lot of praise from gamers and reviewers solely due to this one addition. What does Ubisoft do for the sequel? Forget naval warfare ever existed and return to the world of AC3 by creating AC: Unity.

Unity has a complete letdown both from a gameplay and technical standpoint and as a result, the last-gen "watered down" console port completely flew underneath my radar. I didn't hear of anyone talk about or hype up Rogue until I discovered it during a sale and boy was I glad. It managed to deliver. It brought back naval warfare from AC4 and the wilderness from AC3 as well as added a few new features such as taking over "gang" forts. This works like naval forts but on land. You sabotage fort supplies, assassinate a leader, and cut the flag off. Boom, you've taken over the fort and gained revenue. There's also the addition of assassin interception missions where you protect a random civilian on the streets by attempting to find and kill the assassins before they kill the civilian. Finally, no glitches and no gimmicky CoOp features. Unfortunately no multiplayer either.

The graphics are superb, the poor optimization of AC4 was fixed and the game runs remarkably well. I'm playing this game on a laptop GPU (670mx which is the equivalent of 560-660GTX). I had difficulties running AC4 on 1080p/low and got 20-30fps. With Rogue, I almost maxed it at 1080p and 40-50fps. So not only does the game run better but it also looks better. Also, I strongly recommend a 360 controller for this. I love the KB&M but this is one of those few games where controller is actually superior. Multiple buttons are pushed at once and you need the precision of an analog stick to turn your ship. KB&M wouldn't be as comforting but it's doable.

Overall, I recommend this game especially for $20. If AC4 was AC2: Brotherhood (which was the highlight of the Ezio saga), then Rogue would be like AC: Revelations. It didn't expand on much but it offered the same great gameplay and content if you were hungry for more. I picked it up for $10 and I got my money's worth. Don't bother with the time saver DLC - the farming in this game isn't that bad. The only real DLC - Templar Legacy - is decent but there's more then enough content in the main game to hold you over. There's approximately 20-30 hours worth of content. If you enjoyed AC4 and were wanting more after Unity disappointed you, this game is for you and I urge you to pick it up. If you didn't enjoy AC4, then you might not enjoy Rogue. Also be warned, this game uses UPlay which is Ubisoft's digital distribution manager. It's not the best thing in the world but it works.
 

Swaggaccino
713 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2017
DEUS VULT
 

Midnight Carnival Snack
1,078 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
Go play Black Flag like everyone else instead.
 

Andbrew
134 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2020
Product received for free

I want to see Connor beating Shay's ass
 

TeriSyder
103 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2017
Previous to AC Rogue, I have finished only AC Black Flag and enjoyed it immensely. As a result of that title, I bought several other AC games, including Syndicate, AC II, as well as AC Rogue. I tried to play AC II first as it was perhaps the most acclaimed AC title there is, but found the control rather clunky without a controller (also in part due to my getting used to playing Black Flag in my 40-hr playthrough). Consequently, I turned to Rogue. In this short review, I will discuss what I think of Rogue over its World-building effort and its narrative.

Rogue, in many senses, is very similar to black flag. However, as a stand-alone title, I found AC Rogue rather disappointing in comparison to Black Flag. The world that Rogue renders is fragmented and lacks the depth that an open-world game should have. The entire world map is divided into 3 sections, one for the River Valey, one for New York, and another for the Atlantic and the player is forced to travel through way points between these different mini "worlds". The seafaring that Black Flag was known for becomes almost a nuisance as player often time is forced through narrow channels of water, having to navigate through icerbergs and reefs for no good reason. The only feature that I can applaud was its effort in creating a sense of historicity as along the River Valley there scattered many British/French settlements, yet even these seem to suffer from a gross, generic, simplification. All of the settlements are mere side missions with no real consequences in which the Templars can help the British army to get rid of the French "Gangsters". There doesn't seem to be any real historicity built in, while the repetitive form that it presents itself actually undermines the immersive nature of the story. Most of these sites of interest remains unvisited after I've completed the entire game, while the game doesn't seem to provide any real incentive for the player to visit them anyway. The only benefit for the player in completing these side quests are a measely sum of reward that can easily be gained through other revenue and some collectibles, useful only if you are aiming to get an 100% completion. They are just there to fill the empty space on the map so that the title can hide its linear structure under the "open-world" catergory. Despite all these, I do wish to acknowledge that the devs did a great job in recreating models for cities such as the historical New York and Lisbon. The visuals were absolutely stunning, although they suffer the same lack of depths.

The story-telling of Rogue are perhaps even more lackluster: In short, it doesn't make any f-ing sense. The idea behind the story is brilliant! It's basically trying to break from the Genre's single view point of the assassins and have a fresh take of the Templar's perspective, yet the execution of this idea can only be said to be sub-par at best. I understand that a major constraint to the story-telling might very well be the length of the game - in a mere ~15hr game, one has to expound on the dynamic between ideas such as "order" and "freedom" while conveying it through the life story of Cormac, the assassin-turned-rogue. Yet the entire story just came out as utter nonsense, failed in both its intricacy and its consistency. There are way too many loopholes in the story, and the gameplay around the story just came off as lazy. The entire political dynamic between the Templar and the Assassin are simplified as such: the Templars are (connections with) British army (whom, mind you, will still come after you even if you are doing their Colonel's bidding), and the Assassins are basically French Gangster that terrorize local citizens for god-knows-what reasons, despite the fact that both organizations are by nature GLOBAL. The Templars depicted in the game are no Templars from AC Black flag, whom supposedly controls all levels of the government in secret. They really are just batmans, whom try to fight lowlifes that hides in bushes. Accompanying this confusing dynamic between the Templar and the Assassins were extremely unsatisfying filler quests, such as the like of this:

"Benjamin Franklin's Lightning Rod got confiscated by the British Army, go and steal it back so he can perform scientific magic over this ancient artifact!"

*The next paragraph contains minor spoiler for the story, albeit a pretty darn bad story*

The centerpiece of the story is the transformation of Master Cormac, and this transformation is done terribly, in an extremely inconsistent manner. We learnt from the start of the game that Cormac was a great guy that most people in the Assassin's group like. He respects his mentor, although he doesn't quite like one of the older assassins. The reason that he left Assassin is therefore not personal (not because of any grudges towards any specific individual), but rather, due to his particular notions of ethics. He found it despicable to assassinate an old man who cannot fight back, although this old man supposedly wishes to change/destroy the known world. Once he found out that the Assassins were responsible for the destruction of 2 cities due to their ignorance of the power of the artifacts, he practically flipped out with his mentor and decided to take the matter into his own hand (to steal the map and destroy it), instead of trying to reason with the persons that supposedly he trusted the most. A characteristic that we see from Cormac during this period is that he doesn't take authority kindly, whether it is from the old, reverend Assassin or his mentor; yet after his becoming a Templar, he seems to have absolutely no qualms with taking orders from anyone. The transformation from an assassin to a templar happens when Cormac believed that the templars saved his life (and thus becomes his friend) while the assassins betrayed him (noted this is completely personal), instead of the moralistic "I am doing what is right and I am saving the world" reason. We also never really see the true idea behind the Templar's cuase, as it is always in the form of "the Assassins are bad bad people, and they are wrong."So the picture painted here is one of mixed signals: on the one hand, Cormac loved his assassins friends and broke off due to moral commitment of not killing innoncent citizens; on the other hand, we never really see moral commitment of the Templars' (except perhaps the one moment of "let's take care of the thugs that threatens the local villagers!"), instead we see a wierd friendship between the templar Colonel and strayed assassin, a friendship that's almost miraculous. The supposedly spirited, moralistic assassin Cormac, when turned into a Templar, is also somehow perfectly Okay with sacking French Colonies and stealing from the treasury (not to mention all those other atrocities that a player might commit). These wierd inconsistencies, coupled with the generic assassin's creed quests made the game a lot less convincing than it could have been.

I will not recommend the game on the ground of its story. It really should have taken the form of a Black Flag dlc, but as the matter stands, buy it if you just want another 15 hour or so of Black Flag experience.

I rate it 6/10. Decent gameplay, subpar story.
 

Van "Look_At_Me_Hat" Helsing
130 products in account
22
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
246.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2015
Amazing game with stunning graphics and a compelling story line. I actually thought I was Shay and I began to sympathize with the Templars. 8/10, only because some parts are so hard they make me wanna cry. ;)
 

AlphSwift
14 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
130.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2015
It's one of my favorite Assassins Creed games that i have played
 

Dark Acher
17 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 20
Dunno if this is part of the game but the camera is constantly moving on it's own. The game was 5/10 since I only got so far. Now it's just a plain 0/10
 

Dr. Gerbil Jihad
104 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2018
The only reason to play this game: if you want more of AC IV: black flag.
But it is better to just skip this game

- Combat is dull and easy
- The open world is boring and grindy.
- The side quests are repetitive and lazy
- It is a ♥♥♥♥♥ console port.

The one thing that makes it worth playing:
+ If you are into the story of the AC franchise you need to play this for the story. it will give you a new perspective.
 

noil
425 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2017
Product refunded

honestly I played this game on my other acc but I wanted it on my main,and once I got into it I realized how much i missed the older worlds and I don't think they have been done a justice.On the other hand for those who can get past that the game is great.
 

MardiGras
63 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2016
Assassin's Creed Rogue is a fine game. It has a decent story and I was intrested in it all the way until the end. I had some minor issues but that comes with all Creed games. It ties in 3, 4 and Unity. Worth the price during the summer sale.

7/10
 

Matt C
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
75.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 19
ya
 

Aguia04
54 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 14
best game of all time 100 percent-ed it
 

Ichigo
121 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 6
Ahh yes finally some good old Assassin's Creed game where the game isn't a RPG ♥♥♥♥ and is really the real deal
In AC Rogue you take place as shay comrac an Assassin who becomes a templar after being betrayed by the brotherhood which they didn't accept his idea that the brotherhood is taking a wrong path and OMG the story takes a really cool path and the gameplay mechanics change in order for you to become the master templar who hunts down the assasssins
I personally enjoyed this game cause it gave me the good pure OG AC game feeling but in a templar manner
The gameplay mechanics were kinda old but they did the job well and the best part for me were the ship fights which were truly amazing
The story was really good and it connected the AC 3 and AC black flag an Ac unity in a good way
Finally this game came out when the AC games were still in their glory days and if your a huge fan of old AC games this one is totally recommended for you
I'll give this game a 7.5/10 and it was an enjoyable experience for me 🔥
 

WraithHunter
64 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2021
not as good as black flag, but if your burnt out on bf this is the exact same with a differnt story
 

BIG_COUNTRY
43 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2018
I have to say: better than expected. Old but gold <3
 

.Naya'il™ | #DNY ♥
632 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2021
**No spoilers**

This game takes what black flag built and perfects it, prepare yourself to be completely immersed in its short 6-7 hour long storyline from start to finish, most of the time in this game is just going to be you raiding and sailing, which is the best it has ever been.

The ending to this game has probably the best tie in to the sequel I've ever seen in a video game, period.
 

Smoke
335 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2021
I love this game, after recreating the pirate theme from assassins creed black flag making the game 10x more amazing, I have to give it a thumbs up, it is so good, assassins creed 4 black flag and rogue are so well connected it's amazing
 

Krypt Crazzy
50 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2020
this game was the first AC game i ever played, before i had known of AC being a series of games connected to each other.. this is the game that got me into playing AC in general and no matter how many times i play it.. iget to feel the same as i did when i played it first... AC to me in general is a must to play, amazing stories... you can't not love it once you had played it
 

MariaG
111 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2019
For the most part it's a straight rip from assasins creed black flag, most of the mechanics and stuff are the same. *Edit* Played it a bit more, it's not awful. Its something nice to play if you want to play black flag but have played it through one too many times. Still not a fan of the templar thing though.
 

Turdlet
63 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2018
To guide all wayward souls 'til they reach a quiet road；
To guide all wayward desire 'til impassioned heartsare cooled.；
To guide all wayward minds to safe and sober thought；
By the Father ofUnderstanding's Light, (may the father of understanding guide us)Let our work now begin.
 

りんごちん
200 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2017
Can’t wait for this game to come out
 

ground beef
181 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2016
8,5/10
 

Mirtis
584 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2015
Very Fun :) Good Mix of fighting and Ship travel. Fast travel makes it so much faster! :)
 

lanceocean
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2015
Better than Unity sadly, despite it being last gen, and really just a Black Flag DLC. Oh well, hope Syndicate is better.
 

The Emperor of Man
263 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2015
:::::::

buy it without a doubt

worth every penny

::::::::


 

Castz- ♥
224 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2017
I liked playing it but could be better tho.
Buy it if you like assasin creed black flag.
 

Blackbirdrw
500 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2016
Beating up peasants for their lunch money simulator 2016.

But really, it's nice to have an assassin's creed game where your character literally doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥.
 

Bongo The Bear
531 products in account
3
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2017
Felt like a watered down BF. With much less graphic options, and essentially a copy+paste map from BF, Rogue wasnt all I thought it would be. The story was great (although a little short), but it takes a different route to all the other AC games. Upgrading your ship was cool, although I would of liked to see your ship grow in size as you upgrade.
Combat is much faster than Unity/Syndicate, which is quite fun if you switch between the games.

7.5/10
 

Retro
233 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2017
I enjoyed the game enough to give it a thumbs up but it has cons lets get into the pro's/con's shall we?
:Pros A great story
Good view of the templars
I enjoyed the naval combat
Returning characters
The tie in to unity
Good gameplay
Big openworld
:Cons it's a reskin of blackflag
I dont like shay he's not funny he's kinda interesting
There's barely anything to do after you finish the main story only collectibles and we all love those am i right? lol
Assassins view is AWFUL!
Way too short of a campaign only 6 or 7 sequences wth?
:Final rating i will give Assassins Creed Rogue a 7/10 i recommend you buy it it's pretty cheap now 20 bucks go buy it.
 

knightsam311
145 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2016
This is an awesome game and i really like it. Here are the pros and cons PROS > Has an amazing storyline and it really sucked me in to the story. > The characters are really awesome and well made. > It has a really cool twist in the story and at the end there is a little hint concerning AC Unity try to find it play, the beginning of Unity and see if you can find it.
> The combat is really fluid and just Assassin's Creed 4.
> You get some cool new weapons too.
> The ship shanties are very catchy.
CONS
> It does rely heavily on sailing and some of the ship missions are frustrating.
> The credits are LONG
> Some of the missions are VERY FRUSTRATING so if you are a beginner at Assassin's Creed DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME FIRST PLAY ASSASSIN'S CREED 1.
So as you can see this isn't the perfect game but it is well close to there.
 

DarkCells
64 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 8, 2016
He makes his own overused phrase
 

Steve
168 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
47.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2016
Masterpiece
 

Reaper
324 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2016
With is a weak, barely earned thumbs up. I have always had a problem with boatsassin's creed 4 not because its a bad game to play, but instead of feeling like im playing as Edward the assassin, im playing as a boat. The only thing I did in BC4 is upgrade my boat to battle bigger boats to get more loot to upgrade my boat. It seemed I never played as an assassin, but a boat, so i call Assassins creed 4, Boatsassins creed 4. but enough about BC4...

in the short time i have played Rouge, i found it to be similar to BC4, but with a bit more assassin part, but then again i just got into the game so who knows. its a refreshing change not being an assassin as it gives new light on the issues of the creed. the boat battles, like BC4, are fun but get repetitive after a while. im looking forward to completing the game and i hope it has a little less boat and more assassin. i still think that these boat-centric AC games should have been given a new IP instead of leaching off AC
 

ColdbellyTheViking
328 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 1
The game was unique as it's the first game that tries to highlight the flaws in the assassin order and the one where we see reason on the side of the templars. It was refreshing to play as the enemy.

On the negative side, the story is a complete joke. The lack of interest of the developers towards a decent script is visible. Also, as an Assassin Creed fan, it felt as if the developers were taking advantage of my likeness for the series. The reason for this is that the assassins, to be portrayed as villains, are doing the same things the templars were doing in the earlier games. It is equivalent to saying that the story up till now was completely pointless.

In terms of gameplay, they have refined the mechanics from Black Flag and brought back city development from Assassin Creed Brotherhood. The rest is pretty much the same as Balck Flag but less fun, and to be honest, quickly becomes boring.

Would recommend giving it a pass and if you do want to know what happens in the story, I suggest watching a walkthrough, since the level of enjoyment is the same.
 

Arcane Cosmea
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2018
Interesting stories I never played, and for me .... Surprisingly, it make feel the same as Revelations,

Long Answer:
Story: good story......
Design and graphics: Great level design and great graphics ... better than every previous game.
Gameplay: Really polished and addictive.
Music: Good.
Audience: Casual players in my opinion.... But one achievements is another Story, the legendary naval achievements....I hate the S.F.

Resume: I'm happy to say that Improve the previous game,again, in near all specs ... But is not the most interesting or touching story in the Saga

Finally and Is not Spoiler: This game is storicaly previous to Unity, but I recomend to play it when you finished the Unity' story mode
 

Legend
816 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2021
Pirates go YARRRRRGH! 100/10
 

t(^_^t)
156 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
31.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2016
6.5/10
 

martin-erichsen
43 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2017
The most apt description is the one already given to it; it's Black Flag 1.5. Seemingly equal parts naval combat and traditional AC gameplay. The story was decent enough and I liked the tie-ins to other games in the series (particularly those relating to AC 3). Perhaps not the most memorable, but not bad by any means.
 

RoboticDevice
2,925 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
147.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2017
The Gameplay is good , because it is basically ac4 albeit smaller, but the game is buggy as hell. The biggest issue I face is when unpausing the game will get stuck on the intermediate screen. The ship will sometime freeze during storms and there are many points on beaches where the game will crash if you step inside a small area.
 

eldjötnar
40 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2017
This game is full of bugs.

Even if you didn't play Black Flag, which is a more polished, solid version of Rogue, you'll have a hard time getting over the multiple bugs found in the game. Ennemies falling through structures and terrain (including key ennemies you need to kill to complete a mission), spontaneously exploding or vanishing ships and a lot more puzzling, gameplay altering moments that simply make you scratch your head in disbelief.

At some point, about half-way through the story, I couldn't take it anymore. I needed to kill a sniper to complete the overtaking of a fort. Red dot was there, floating over a phantom sniper that was not. Had to start over the mission. This was the last straw at which point I uninstalled this dud.

Do yourself a favor, play Black Flag instead of this half-completed mess or if you already did, stay away altogether. This game feels like Ubisoft had unrealistic deadlines for their developers, forcing them to cut corners to an unacceptable extent. Even without the bugs, you're not missing out if you've played Black Flag. There is nothing new or exciting about Rogue, not even better graphics.

Many thumbs down.
 

Generic user
96 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
this is one of my favorite game so far
or more like its one of my favorite story of Assassin"s creed

now you can see how wrong the Assassin's are
Templar is the best :P
 

Nitocris
225 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2017
Brings over mechanics from Black Flag and adds a unique storyline. A pretty decent time.
 

CapKrissi
395 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2017
EVERYTHING WORKS BEAUTIFULLY!
 

Kid Cannabis
5
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
This is the first AC game ive played and WOW! Great gameplay, great story! GREAT!
 

Feathermaster
80 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2016
Keep crushing on my computer, with AMD graphic card.
 

Stormzhou
159 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
good game
 

FUKUROOO
152 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
67.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2015
I like to write simple evaluation because I know that if I write huge evaluations, no one will read it so I'm only gonna say that this is this game is awesome!
 

KilloZ
280 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2015
Its like playing Black Flag 2.0 as a Templar, but thats not a bad thing. Its everything you would expect from an Assassins Creed game. The only things i would complain about is that you cannot crouch unlike Unity, making stealth an afterthought. Also there are a few bugs, parkour can be a bit janky at times and AI can teleport and glitch through structures. Multiplayer and co-op are disturbingly absent, but the singleplayer more than makes up for it.
 

Virus ♫
80 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2020
Assassin Creed (AC) Rogue is the same like previous AC game. New story line, and new... um i think that's it. There is no new mechanics here. The ship battle is the same like black flag, where most AC fans has spend dozen of hours there. And Ubisoft can't expect players to play the same game mechanics over and over again. By the time i'm writing this review, I have completed the main mission of the game, with little to no side quest being done. The reason being is cause I've done it before, and i'm not gonna do the same thing over and over again. For those of you who think they wan't to buy this game in because they want to know what happen to AC story, then just watch it in youtube. The character development from beginning to end is not that good in my opinion. The story feel a bit too rush.
 

vigilante_sephia
85 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2020
Would I recommend this game? No. The fact that game is published 2014, controls are potato and graphics are pretty console graphics. I can say if liked the old AC games you will like this game as well, but if you havent played the old ones only new ones like Odyssey and Origins, this game will feel like a freaking joke. I mean Im still gonna grind it trough having somewhat fun. But I dont think its definetly worth the 20 euros. If its in sale just buy it and have fun if you can.
 

Nuppusaurus
167 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2021
Hamburguesa
 

OldBaldingMan
73 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
58.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2017
Good gam
 

Cattus Vert
169 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 1

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2017
Pretty darn good. (You make your own luck)
 

ntn
234 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2020
make a second part of this game plsssss
 

amitsain9796
7 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2020
I make my own Assassin's Creed Rogue
 

Pokémann
51 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2020
yes
 

BigBollocks
151 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2017
GOOD GOOD GOOD
 

kolme ja puol fps
106 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2017
Good game ✌️
 

khL
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 30, 2021
i think this game is underrated assassin creed
 

Mangaceb
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2020
In my opinion I think this is the worst assassin's creed game. Reason being is that the story is dry plus the free run thingy really sucks it messed me up in so much of the game. So end of the story I don't think you should get it
 

Legitness
59 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
71.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2021
Get to kill Br'tish 'people'.
10/10
 

Slavic gaming
23 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2020
this one isnt bad
 

no flans = ur poor
828 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2015
loveing it so far
 

Apooxcub
208 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2015
Oh Ubisoft. You left us with a bad taste in our mouths and you have finally delivered use some mouthwash to get the ♥♥♥♥ out o my mouth that was Assassins Creed Unity. Anyways alhough I do really like this game, I can'g help but feel like this is just AC4 the expansion pack. Yes this game runs buttery smooth on most decent machines, but the graphics are nowhere near as good as AC4 and thats because this game was made specificaly for inferior hardware like PS3 and XBOX 360, which are extremely outdated. Thats why at a $49.99 price point its just not a very good deal. This game should have at least been $10 cheaper. But ultimately I am giving it a thumbs up beacause Im always up for playing more AC4.
 

The D Man
662 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2015
11/10 - ♥♥♥♥♥ on unity
 

Cyanide
247 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
254.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2016
Its a good game, Very enjoyable really recommend you will buy.
 

Spiritual being
7 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2015
Yes, yes, yes! I don't care what people say! I love it! This game is very good if you've been curious what it's like on the templar side! Oh come on, admit it. Everyone has had the thought at least once :) I would definantly recommend this game! It is very great, and towards the end, you find something out about Unity ;) thats all i'm saying about that.
 

Xavier
156 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
75.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2015
This game feels like Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. If you liked that one you should be able to enjoy this one. The colonial America setting is getting stale in my opinion but I suppose I like it more than Paris. The game seems a lot less glitchy than Unity was but it's not perfectly bug free.
 

Premier Cherdenko
640 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2015
assassins creed rogue is like assassins creed iv black flag just MUCH BETTER in EVERYTHING that includes the smoothness of the preformance and graphics it includs the content and afcourse the amazing story that the game tells its directly connected to the story and if youre a fan its a must have a lot of key elements to the story in this game and its the one that connects all the ac games during the american revulotion that means you get to meat both adwale and heythem and the same game

BUY THIS!
 

The Horny leprechaun
394 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2016
AC rogue is one of the best games I have ever played. The gaming experience is great and you can basically do whatever you want to do whether it's attacking an enemy ship and boarding it or renovating a building. There are many great weapons, skins for Shay, and costomizations you can make to your ship. You can upgrade Shay to make him stronger and able to hold more weapons. Graphics are awesome. I would definitely rate this game up
 

^9Vanilla ^4thunder
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2017
awsome
 

฿∪LLá™
45 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
82.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2016
my assasins creed key does not work.I bought game for 20 euros and it doesnt work
 

jasagrbic123
3 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Nice
 

Nizo
173 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
66.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2017
This game is too good. its like a mix between ac3 and ac4
 

I Noscoped J.F.K
77 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2017
Ive played every Assassins creed game except Syndicate and Rogue has been by far the best AC game there is hands down.
 

Bluey
152 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
24.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2017
Black Flag 2.0
 

Des
183 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2016
The Best AC since the first.
 

TheLastDragon
90 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2015
Product refunded

Game did not start. Got to see the ubisoft logo, thats it. RIPOFF!
 

The Doctor
146 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2017
Very low effort game from Ubisoft. Story was horribly underdeveloped. Seemed like they combined a lot of prexisting resources for extra money. I'm dissapointed with the waste of potentially amazing premise. Only recommended on sale for the most hardcore AC fans.
 

Gordon Ramsay
146 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
18.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2017
it was put together very sloppy. I went from black flag (great game) as the last AC game i played to Rogue, was dissapointed. the story line was good (though i didnt like the voice actor for shay) but the enviroment that you run around in is messed up. visually it looks great, but you will get stuck in the most stupid places not able to move. also as you run, the things you are supposed to run up, acrossed, and along make you go in a direction you dont want to quite often. story line great, visuals great, but game movement sucks in big ways that it will mess you up at the worst time ruining alot of hard work and effort you put into missions trying to stay stealthy.
 

coruptminds
102 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2021
boring
 

JKB
260 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2017
Another great game after Assassin`s Creed IV BLACK FLAG! You really should buy it and play it !
 

Marcin_89
586 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2020
Mehh
 

ErrorVIP
37 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2017
Basically black flag all over again. Just with a more templar touch. If u like black flag and love killing assassin's. This is the game for u.
 

British Malayas
211 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2015
Very good game, I enjoyed it ALOT.
 

Jesse
133 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 15
It may scratch a black flag itch if you have one but it isn't especially fun and all the characters are annoying. "I make my own luck" how about you make more metal so i can get advanced hull before i get bored
 

Leto
19 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2016
Liked Black Flag? Wanna more of it? Good grab this one you won't regret.

Are you new to the franchise? Them give a try to Black Flag first, this game has less content them it and all in all serve as a complement to Unity( Ubisoft shouldn't ahve release both on same yer that was complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥), this game could be as good as Black Flag but since they were working on both Unity and Rogue at the same time to release them on same year it kinda fell rushed so I would recommend you to get Black Flag first them get Rogue if you liked it, but all in all its a good game or passable if not.
 

Snapping_Turtle
146 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
I loved Black Flag, although it was more like a Pirates of the Carribbean game than an Assassin's Creed game.
This game is the sequel of that in terms it's still far from what I'd expect from an AC game.
There is no challange in climbing parts, nor in fights, you just run through the map and you can kill anybody without any hassle. The only challanges I've come accross was due to the clunky controls and bugs (when the character does something totally different than I've expected). Also, there was a few gratuitous frame drops here and there.

If you want a Black Flag 2, it's your game. If you want some stealth game like AC2, it's not.
 

kovasz
181 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2021
A good game if it stands alone, but if your coming from black flag like i was, and expecting a little more content, or additions to the game, then you will be disappointment, its almost like there is actually LESS, not more to play with. It felt lazily slapped together and i just couldn't invest into it like i did black flag.

These games still have the most basic fighting mechanics, which is just far too easy, time your counter, then watch a cute cutscene of your avatar doing some amazing kill, rinse repeat. And flipping and jumping through trees like a monkey does absolutely nothing for immersion, it wouldn't even fit being in an avengers movie, not even superheroes do this ♥♥♥♥.
 

Jin Maq
144 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
73.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2015
good story , HELLA SHORT , its a good and bad because it has the mechanics of ac black flag , but oh god the credits! the BLOODY credits !
20 minutes of post game credits without skip gg ubi gg
although it runs silky smooth
 

InGenium
217 products in account
6
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2019
this game has its good points but damn they are far apart. between those good points is a buggy mess of a game. basic asset swap of ac 3.
 

Thatbizonguy
339 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2020
Graphics: 8/10

Story line: 9/10

Character: 8/10

Worth 25$: Maybe

I am hot: Yes
 

Black Hole
60 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
132.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2016
I think its the only Assassin's Creed game that has you be a templar throughout the entire game.
 

FinalXemnasV
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2019
Product received for free

it good
 

Boomer Jude
1 product in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
110.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2015
This is the best Assassin's Creed yet, with Black Flag as a close second. It combines the brilliant naval combat with the roof-running cityscapes that are the series' trademarks. The story is surprisingly good and relatively un-cliched, especially when compared with Unity. Targeting can be a little funky, and I haven't been able to get any legacy outfits, but these are the only real problems I have with this game.
 

Doctor Mothoid
462 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2020
After 8 hours I think I'm ready to say, playing this game is about as appealing as sitting down to a nice dinner of cold fish rolled in oatmeal. I'm going to force myself further along and update this review later, but it really shouldn't be this hard to enjoy a game. It's just really uninteresting, and it's obvious that the execs knew what a success they had on their hands with Black Flag and put the screws to the devs to try to capture lightning in a bottle a second time. It's like copy and paste from the previous game but in a cold environment with uninteresting characters.
 

Wouldzz
222 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
23.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2016
basically a ♥♥♥♥ version of black flag

there is no fast walk so you can keep up with crowds without being caught, no crouching to sneak around and reduce your visibility, for some stupid reason to quickfire stuff is now Y instead of just tapping the aim button

they did take a step in the right direction when they brought back pistols and made the bad guys wear wrong prescription glasses, also they brought back that cool "look at enemies in eagle mode to mark them permanently" thing, and even if it is just a crap version of black flag, it is still better than unity, and even if shay is a bit of an ass, he is a lovable character and he is so nice to most.

my biggest problem with this game is the story, no spoilers that you can't get from the name but basically shay kills everyone he knows for no other reason than he is a sped and doesn't know how to say 'wait, please listen, let me show you how dangerous this is"

TL;DR: it is the shortest assass creed game I have ever played and it is decent, dunno if it is worth it though
 

Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.
835 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
How can they have screwed up AC4? It's the same game!

Nuisance bugs all around make this a forgettable entry in AC.

You can brute force your way through to the end, but overall the game was annoying half the time.

Story not too bad, but the game is shotty and rushed. Interface is clunky and rough (really? craft one item at a time?)

Definitely needs polishing to be decent.

Also, I needed to figure out how to skip the end credits (hold space bar for 3 seconds), it doesn't tell you; that was exceptionally annoying.
 

SYYK
151 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2018
I've played almost every Assassin's Creed game entry so I really don't know ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ,but I loved this game and found the storyline memorable. The crafting system is trash, but it doesn't take away much from the game. 7/10, would cop on sale tbh
 

Philosodies
287 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2019
It's a cool game and story, but lacks a bit in quality. You have to go in the game files in order to play more than 60Hz, which can be annoying if you're used to 144Hz. I've also experienced some lag spikes, which shouldn't happen because of my specs. It may be the cause of changing the refresh rate to more than the game is able to.
 

grrrr
180 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2019
Played till its end very pretty, didn't like all the "memory segments" broke the ambiance of the game, just tell a story.
game play was good, worth playing.
 

Morby
198 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2020
lmzo
 

HoomanRage
17 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2020
We need chinese
 

wing233332
114 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2018
This game is my fav of all assassin's creed game.
 

MASTERMARK
311 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2018
Like black flag but it has... wait no... it's just a retextured black flag.
10/10
 

MoRb_Ooshida
519 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
21.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2016
This game has amazing gameplay and new features that make it great for a sandbox experience. However the reason why I'm not recommending it, is because the story and characters are so underwhemling I can't take the game seriously. The idea behind this game is amazing. An assassin turning to the templars and killing them. It's something we saw and experienced in Assassin's Creed 3. However we see the turn for him is...easy. he turns into a templar quickly and without serious thought to reprocussions. He was raised to hate templars and we see our main character turning to them instantly? It feels like I was robbed of a fluid storyline. I pushed this off to continue playing anyway. The gameplay was fun and I couldn't wait to see how far they would go. Turns out not far at all. The game is about six hours long and ends without any real personal change on my part. Usually with assassin's creed games I feel like I've grown with the character. At the end of this one I feel the lingering thought of "That's it?" and so is my experience with the game. The main character doesn't have all that much substance, I don't see enough of the templars and their plots. And the assassins seem like cookie cutter villains that pretend to be heros but it still doesn't work. You can't just make the good guys the bad guys in such a rushed way like they did here.

I'd say don't get it. Go for another assassin's creed game. This one is worth a watch but not worth your money. If you do want to see more of it. Check out the 20 dollar version. Don't bother with deluxe. But I recommend waiting for a sale if you value well spent money.
 

BioChemicalWolfGear
742 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2016
Assassin's Creed Rogue is basically Assassin's Creed Black Flag 1.5. It's a reskinned version of the great pirate-themed Assassins Creed that came out the year before, but with a few nice refinements. The story is very short and basic, and not that interesting. I never really warmed to the main character that shifts from Assassin to Templar after being betrayed by them. His motivations to change sides seemed pretty shallow, and strangely the Assassins that you deal with in the game act like pricks, and the Templars act like bros, so it just felt like in this instance, it felt right to swap sides. If this character had been working with another Assassin brotherhood, this would not have happened.

The gameplay is pretty solid though, you can run around an outpost swapping between stealth and combat pretty easily, and the naval combat is as fun as ever. You just don't feel invested in wanting to unlock everything or see every location like you do in Black Flag.

If you are an Assassin's Creed fan, and you can get this cheap, it's worth a run through. It's just not that interesting as a whole. It does however come with a nice revelation at the end that links it into the next game in the series (chronologically) which is Assassin's Creed Unity.

Pros
- Solid gameplay mechanics, refining all the skills and features introduced in the previous games
- Probably one of the easiest to use, and most lethal characters to play as in the franchise
- The game looks and runs great
- Nice ending that links up with Assassin's Creed Unity

Cons
- Short and simple story that isn't that interesting in comparison to the other entries in the series
- You don't end up caring about any of the characters except for the few that were present in other entries in the series
- Doesn't really reveal anything new about the Templars that we didn't know before
- No Templar specific skills or weapons. You are basically an Assassin working for the Templars.
 

InsanityWolf
180 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2018
♥♥♥♥ ubisoft singapore
♥♥♥♥ ending never end
♥♥♥♥ you all
♥♥♥♥
when i cancel i watch it again
♥♥♥♥ you
 

Number 24 🌦
165 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2016
Uplay is garbage. I had to re install it every time to play because of some common bug. I spent an hour on forums trying to solve the problem. There is no obvious solution for me. I'm not alone.

I'm trying to get a refund now even though I'm just at 2 hours of play time. I'm lucky I didn't play 10 minutes more.
 

Chuck Farvre
230 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2020
It's good for the 5 euros I got it at but honestly it's not worth more than that. Besides the story, Rogue is pretty much a copy paste of AC 4 Black Flag and that's the sole reason this game is getting a thumbs down. The tiny combat/climbing glitches that were present in the past games are still present here. The optimisation is pretty bad, what's going on outside the animus doesn't really matter that much anymore, or at least not like it used to. Shay's story is okay but just that. So all in all if you liked Black Flag you'll like this one because it's literally almost the same thing with little to no difference in land combat or ship combat. Considering how little effort they put in it, I don't recommend paying full price.
 

ChibiNico
826 products in account
5
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2016
give feels of blackflag goodgame
 

alexander_
204 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
86.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2016
It´s a good game, now that it´s working.
 

mervila
39 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 25, 2019
I played AC Rogue after completing AC 3. It is the second assassins creed game I have played and this is what I have to say about the experience. It feels like a logical step forward from AC 3. The story picks up years before the third game and serves to answer some questions you may have about the fate of the brotherhood in the colonies. The game moves at a much faster pace than AC 3 and that alone makes it feel much better, but in addition to the improved pace there is a good amount of customization, exploration, and the collectibles feel fun and add to the experience. I haven't experienced any glitches yet so I see no reason to pass up playing this game if it is on sale.
 

l3lackstardust
514 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2021
At first
I thought being a templar was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Like i knew it was going to happen
but i hated it
After the things that happend in the story
And the tragic parts of the game
really made me an "Assassin hunter"
I highly recommend playing this game
The "pirating" has evolved
The combat is wayyy better than ac4 : black flag
And the game is a mixture of "Assassins Creed IV : Black Flag" And "Assassins Creed III"
and there are alot of "Assassins Creed : Unity: Refrences
And "Arno Victor Dorian" the main protagonist Of "Assassins Creed : Unity" is mentioned alot
I recommend buying the deluxe edition
For multiple reasons
For example "The Jackdaws ("Edward Kenway's" Ship from "Assassins Creed IV : Black Flag") Cosmetics
And "Edward Kenway's" Pistol
And some other goods
Like Katana And an "Assassin Hunter" Outfit
Overall
I give this game a "8.5/10" Score
 

Belforzedse
84 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2017
Great AC game, combat is clunky as always. But the story and the characters were amazing!
 

Laphroaig 10 Year Single Malt
220 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
Already better than Unity.
 

Jet Lag
267 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2016
nice game, what a storyline
could've been better if only it lasts longer
 

Laffein
85 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2015
By far, the best AC so far in my opinion. It has all the good qualities from all the games combined. It's the most optimized too. It actually runs like it should on a hardcore gaming pc.
 

Corrosion
811 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2020
This is like a low budget DLC to black flag.
The parts are there, but they don't come together to form a whole.

World:
Having the map split between NY, River Valley and North Atlantic furthers the disconnected feeling.
Overall the maps are too cramped, especially River Valley with settlement docks being mere 100 meters apart. Ship controls that worked well in BF are nearly unusable in tight spaces, luckily the ship ai had a worse time navigating tight spaces than I did.

OK to kill some time if you are a die hard fan, or get it for free, otherwise skip this one.
 

Optera
65 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2019
Well..
Poor man's Black Flag, but it's not actually a bad thing - if you want more from what like in Black Flag, but in a shorter story and improved mechanics - this is the game for you.. I just don't like ships combat that much.

I recommend to install this mod - Assassin Hunter Reshade from nexusmods.
It improves the way the game looks DRAMATICALLY.. and brings it to 2017-2018 level graphics.

Buy it only in a sale..for 10 bucks, it's worth it.
 

DieLit
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2021
ireland
 

Krunga
215 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 5, 2020
8/10

should have been solid 10/10 if Ubi polished this game even more, invests on storyline and character development.. but no, they just have to release this with Bug-nity
 

JOYBOY
94 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2016
Land, air, sea. Worth my money!
 

Andytupitu
154 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Recommeded but seriously ac needs to scrap there rediculous story lines. Getting over having to leave the game to listen to some nonsence about abstergo
 

Headcase
114 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2021
It would be great if the games we bought on steam which we need to log into wouldnt also require we run developer software to play the games we bought. The game itself is great and fun but ubi launcher ruined it for me.
 

Sirius Wolf
162 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2015
The last Assassins Creed game I actually enjoyed
 

fx
222 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2020
Can't get into this, towns are lifeless with just some collectables and chests to open or a way point to synchronize.
Customizing buttons (PC) is very limited and the menu is annoying, ESCAPE and then go to inventory or collectables, ship upgrades or outfits.
I get it, the game is 6 years old but so is the Witcher3.. and we all know that game.
The story is good enough but i can't find the whole interesting enough to keep playing.

6/10
 

Vlerk
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2020
Another A/C title churned out without love. Bad writing, annoying characters, broken stealth mechanics, glitches galore, and repetitive gameplay that somehow simultaneously holds your hand like a toddler and also throws you into the deep end with no context for how to achieve your goal or even knowledge of what your goal IS. This is all within the first 2 hours of play. Hateful.
 

FlameMonarch
186 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2016
Black flag has better graphics. Unable to finish the game since it crashes when I click play on the main menu. I have to unistall and reinstall the game to replay it where I was left. However, gameplay is good with 60 fps everything max out (gtx 690).
 

SpanglishJerk
65 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2021
It's fun and interesting that you get to play as a Templar for once. But damn Templars are boring and so is the game. They give you a boat but it sucks in every possible way compared to Black Flag. The stealth and questline isn't that engaging. If you like the AC series I'd say this is ok for you, otherwise no.
 

Mysdax
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2020
In my opinion this is the weakest installment in the series. AC3, AC4 and Rogue are just too similar to each other. It's still pretty solid as an Assassins Creed game I guess, although it's also the shortest in the mainline.

- You can't run the game at more than 60 fps, which it's a shame if you have a higher refresh rate display
- The locations are not as impressive as almost any other of the previous or later games.
- The achievements are locked to Uplay, which the game will shove down your throat like it or not. I think I would have tried to complete the collectables further if they unlocked steam achievements. They fixed it from AC: Origins onwards, so I don't see why don't they implement it in these.

If you are not trying to beat them all I'd suggest either skipping or going with literally any other AC, but if you get it in a pack or heavily discounted is still a decent deal.
 

J. Erizabesu
1,482 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
101.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2016
this game is one of the best hidden gems of recent memory. Overshadowed by the boring bug fest unity,this is game for people who loved assassins creed 4 and just want more, with a litlle AC3 thrown in (the good bits of that game).

the game isnt perfect: hacking, or rather fixing, PCs in the modern day part of the game isnt very good. but at least its a far cry (pun intended) from those god-awful glyths of AC2. the entire modern day plot is a bit rushed and the dialogue is a bit sloppy amoung the NPCs: i think we have a modern day equivelent to 'i used to be an adventurer like you, but then i took an arrow in the knee'.

We have never before in this series had a proper look at the other side of the Assassin/Templar coin. this is definately worth your time.
 

Poggers Bridge
70 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
53.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2020
this game is good but just like all the other anytime you run or do anything your charater just jumps into or twords another dreition and the ships are f**king stupied as always its not even funny
 

beatingu4420
0
20 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2015
10/10 It's like Assassin's Creed with Templars.
 

Mega
630 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2020
Still playing in 2020. Amazing game love the naval aspect, a few bug`s and glitches but overall great game. The movement mechanics are basic so they just works. The story line is one of my favourite from the franchise. 10/10
 

Blitz_Finger
74 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2018
This game is much better than Unity. ( I always wanted to betray the brotherhood :D )
 

The Big Red One
227 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2016
A little glitchy at times, but fun overall.
 

CloudPeople
81 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2015
Fantastic game. Unity was just awful compared to this.
 

Ace
183 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
170.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2015
shut up and take my money!
 

Thomas Du Casse
101 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2021
⢀⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆
⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠁⠸⣼⡿
⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠻⠿⠿⠿⠿⠛⠉

I Shrekommend this game.
 

Jesper
27 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2017
Really good. Like Assassins creed 3 just that its not utter garbage
 

Dietze
170 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2016
Product refunded

if you like assassin's creed don't miss it with any poblem.This game is Very good.
 

785456
25 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2016
Interesting story with excelent gameplay elements. As always, the last of the collectibles was a real drag, but that is what 100% means. A pleasant break from the normal plot directions.
 

Maestro
63 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
It's not as good or memorable as Black Flag and the story is rather short, however the gameplay is endless fun.
 

John Doe
273 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2015
Kill George Washington's brother.
Oddly satisfied.
 

Mindlesspit
1,478 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
90.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2021
GAME WON'T LET ME PLAY, UBISOFT HAS MY ACCOUNT LINKED TO AN OLD EMAIL ADDRESS, THEY HAVE MY NEW ONE AND IT WORKS WITH OTHER GAMES, I'VE CONTACTED THEM AT LEAST 5 TIMES TO FIX THE PROBLEM BUT THEY WON'T FIX IT.
 
A developer has responded to this review

tlfesler
83 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2021
This game is okay, its very visually pleasing and in a unique setting , however in my opinion Assassin's Creed games became completely formulaic after the first 3 , there's so many repetitive side quests I personally can't bring myself to trudge through, the combat hasn't been updated since the first couple of games either, all Ubisoft do is reskin the same game.
 

Imlik
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2021
If you liked Black Flag and want more of the same gameplay, this is your game. Or you could just play Black Flag. This game is basically a copy-paste of Black Flag with a weaker story. If you're short on time, don't waste it with this game.
 

Rtzon
111 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2016
This game is essentially a sort of second take on AC4 (Black Flag). This game runs on the same engine, uses many of the same assets, and uses the same Abstergo office building in the present day plot. This game similairly revolves around a lot of ship combat, which also uses the same mechanics from AC4. If you liked AC4 you'd almost certainly enjoy this game, although it isn't quite as good.

Pros
Gameplay
The gameplay formula here is pretty much the same as whats sold all AC titles so far. The only real difference is now you can make enemies go berserk a whole lot easier and from greater range. There are a few new enemy types, but its enough to make attacking enemies still mildly entertaining. The ship combat is probably the best of any AC game so far.
You play as a templar
This isn't really an important feature, but I have to give ubisoft credit for actually trying something new.
Arctic Setting
Much of the game takes place in the North Atlantic, and the game does a great job of selling the cold climate. Barren trees, icebergs, freezing water and the sound of wading through heavy snow make the setting all that more convincing and makes much of the game feel like a Robert Frost poem.
Cons
Recycled Content
This game is borderline DLC for AC4. Its not that long at all, and much of the time comes from collecting crap and repetive missions. Its not like that's any different from any other AC game, but it feels more lazy when so much of the game is recycled. Several entire maps and locations are just pulled out of previous games.
Level Design
This game is so linear you could use it to calibrate lasers. There are a few side missions where the game feels slightly more open, but pretty much every on-foot mission feels like you're just a train riding a track through the level. The "Escape From Lisbon" mission is especially horrendous. Its a misnomer to call it a "freerunning" mission because there really is no freedom involved.
Map Design
While the scenery itself is exceptional, the map design really doesn't do it justice. The maps are really small, and huge portions of them are unaccessible. This makes the map themselves almost linear, as movement is confined only to strict cooridors. The result is that its really hard to buy into the locations. For example, Albany feels more like a museum reenactment of the city than an acual bustling frontier town.
Plot/Writing
The present day plotline is pretty average, but the main historical plotline is just terrible. Characters are introduced and killed off in rapid succession, the twists are obvious a mile away, and the charachters actions are entirely inconsistent.
Charachters
Quite a few of the charachters are really terrible written, have bad lines, and terrible voice acting. A particular scene where one of the antagonists tries to poison you, and then leaves the room so you can easily escape on the path ubisoft put directly in front of you, comes to mind.

Because of the clear lack of effort put into this game, I simply can't reccomend it. Personally I got this game when it was on sale, at which point it was sort of worth the reduced price.
 

Tankslide
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2019
I pretty much had to force myself to play through this game, and yes the hours on record are correct! If you do not do much of the side content and exploration then this title only takes roughly 14 hours to complete. I did do some of the side content simply to get the ship upgrades I needed to be able to progress through the campaign (if your ship is too weak you might struggle on some of the main missions).

The issue with this game is that I just do not know what Ubisoft was thinking - ASC 4 Black Flag came out a year prior and had vastly superior graphics to Rogue. Not to mention the fact that Rogue in many ways actually feels like an expansion pack and not a full fledged standalone title (it reuses a lot of assets from Black Flag and you will recognise a lot of animations from Black Flag as well as the side missions.

While Rogue does offer some fresh content it is very limited and unless you really want to delve into the exploration and repetitive side content there is very little in Rogue worth enjoying.

This is especially hampered by the vast amount of bugs the game has, if you click through to a screenshot I took that is just one example where the object the character is supposed to show during a cutscene is just missing entirely! But I also got stuck often and had to reload the game. Quests broke mid progress and had to reload, all sorts of annoying issues!

All in all perhaps the worst Assassin's Creed title we have ever received.
 

InColius
554 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
Awesome game, I totally recommend.
 

All_Hail_Tigo
27 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2021
This is basically Black Flag but set during the Seven Years War with a more temperate theme. It's ok. It's very dry. It feels a bit like a fanfiction. I'd say it was pretty skippable.
 

Shackleton
368 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2018
Motion blur is disabled by default
 

0rphnSl4yr
155 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
its alright wish it had muiltplayer
 

joemoe
149 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2016
I must buy at sale price. I would buy it on normal price if only this game has more than 6 sequence.
 

JamesDan
42 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2021
May the father of understanding guide us!
 

ToffieRon
74 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2016
So far so good,
Got the game during the 2016 summer sale and it's been fun. Good price full or on sale. Pick it up and have some fun with it!
 

ColdMan
74 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2016
If you've played Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag previously, you'll enjoy this one, although it's not as good as Black Flag.

would play again tho 10/10
 

Caparzo
85 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2016
good story good character
I like Shay's idea in participate Templar it's not non-sense
 

StratovariuS
181 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2017
Ok I waited until I got the hang of the game...Was never a big fan of this franchise because of Ubisoft, but I bought it on sale and WOW! WOW! Man this game rocks...I am a military man used to fighting on ground but once you get the hang of the naval combat it is brillant it is awesome to sink ships and see the damage your cannonballs do. It also takes tactics I took out a lvl 14 frigate with my ship during sequence 2 it was a bit of luck after i took out the gunboats but I shot an ice berg and caused a huge swell to lift it up and vurnerable to its broadside and shot evrything into it and sunk it man what a rush it was awesome my crew thought so to. I have np running the game either it is constant at 60-62 fps steady. The graphics are unreal and the screenshots I took are just the beginng as I just got to NY only played the game through 3 sequences and having a blast 10/10 never had this much fun with a game I can't stop playing it.
 

miller9953
179 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2016
7h in and i love this. Best story out of all ac´s so far ( would rate 5/7 Kappa)
Edit:
Finished the main story and can only recommend playing the game if you own any previous tiltes of this franchise
 

Zwenguard
151 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2016
Wonderful game, just make sure you can run it or your framerate makes it impossible to play
 

{NULL}
359 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
66.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2016
I found it to be an excellent prequel to black flag.
I loved it
 

Catchstorm
484 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2016
As a fan of AC4, I came into this game wanting more of the same, and that's pretty much exactly what I got.
In essence, it's the same game with a different story that puts an interesting perspective on the entire franchise.
The biggest problem here though is the limits of the port, it was designed for the XBox 360 and PS3, so the graphics are a bit below what you would expect, fortunately this game at least runs extremely smooth on mid tier computers.
The other gripe is that it's clearly buggier than AC4, and a few glitches and collision issues can ruin your experience, though it's still nowhere near as bad as Unity or Syndicite.

While the game adds very little in terms of variety, it's enough to keep you playing, and overall the tried and true stealth is still great fun despite how easy it is.

Bottom line, If you enjoyed AC4, you'll enjoy this, maybe not quite as much but it's better than freedom cry.
 

Viscacha
443 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2017
BEST. ASSASSIN'S CREED. GAME. YET.

Best theme music, best storyline, best character, best setting. 10/10 BUY THIS GAME NOW.
 

Crock
128 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2017
I really like this game, it has compelling story and nice graphics!
 

Lucius
115 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2017
Great game. Must play with a good graphic card for best gaming experience.
 

Stalin
256 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2015
I think this game is awsome, BUT I hate the fact that "the morrigan" is that small i mean that the boats just get smaller so i think that in the next game you command a little schooner.
 

Whaaaat?
201 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2015
I enjoyed this game. However, It's very short, it's quite easy and the modern day bits that are in all the Assassins Creed games, are more annoying than ever, with their patronising ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.

Think of it as a spin off of Black Flag, A few alternate features and tiny differences. With a slightly different story.

If you enjoyed Black Flag, you will most likely enjoy this game. I do however suggest waiting for steam to put this on sale. Then you can get this game at a price more accurate to how much it's worth.
 

Korkrag
576 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2018
ASSASSIN'S CREED ROGUE

AC Rogue is completely derivitive of AC IV Black Flag. Almost all animations, game mechanics, and game design are taken right from Black Flag.

When you consider that it came out the same day as AC Unity (which I unfortunately can't review on Steam b/c I have it on Uplay only; just know it's bad), it becomes clear that the only reason Rogue exists was because Ubisoft wanted to keep 7th generation console players happy for one more year before they went exclusively to PS4/Xbone. I suppose it's good that they eventually decided to port it to PC for that sweet succulent 60 FPS but if it's not a game worth playing, then who really cares?

What little new mechanics there are seem like gimmicks. The air rifle, for example, is simply a substitute for Black Flag's blow pipe that puts enemies to sleep or makes them go beserk on their friends. There is also a grenade launcher now.... yippee? You might say grenades were in Revelations, but at least you could customize them in that game.

Basically the entire cast of characters is boring and uninteresting to the max. Shay, the main character, is a complete hypocrite whose motivations for betraying the Assassins are flimsy at best. The weakest excuse to make him turn on the people he called friends for who knows how long. Haythem Kenway is the only interesting character, but he has so little screen time in an already short game that it doesn't help the game overall in any way.

Music looks like the only high point of the game, with a few pretty good tracks like the battle music.

After playing Black Flag, this game was just a chore to finish. Nothing special about it. This game's a waste of the Assassin's Creed name.

Score:

Scores	Comments
1 / 10 (Unplayable)	This makes me sick to think about. Avoid at all costs.
2 / 10 (Terrible)	So bad that I want to punch the screen in a blind rage.
3 / 10 (Bad)	Any potential that might have been there was wasted.
4 / 10 (Below average)	It's difficult to enjoy this.
5 / 10 (Mediocre)	Forgettable. I'd rather play something else.
6 / 10 (Above average)	Enjoyable, but ultimately unremarkable.
7 / 10 (Good)	Definitely worth my time.
8 / 10 (Great)	This left an impression. It will stick with me.
9 / 10 (Amazing)	A towering achievement in the world of games. Incredibly impressive.
10 / 10 (Masterpiece)	Absolutely, stupendously awe-inspiring. I will never forget this.
 

LeshenLord
238 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2020
sword goes wooooooooooooooo
 

niconicokneecaps
128 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2017
Poor planning for sequences in the game. Interesting story but the organisation is a let down
 

AwkwardWolfe
40 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
70.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2015
this game is black flag but ♥♥♥♥
 

yaldadowns
11 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
I used to play this everday on my xbox 360.

This is the best assassin's creed game ever imo.
 

eN
145 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2016
First impression BAD

The controles are locked to controller, even if that controller is a joystick. the game doesnt care and will not allow anyone to tell it overwise. manually editing the configuration files doesnt work the game resets the file. Making the file read only have no effect.
Unpluging the joystick reveales the next problem the mouse is inverted on the x axis.... someone was clearly drunk when they made the control scheme.

My first impression of the game should have been better, looking at the early story, but 30 minutes of fighting the game for control ruins the mood
 

Washout
451 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2020
TL;DR Its just Black Flag 2: Templar Boogaloo and nothing new. Story is bland enough that even if you liked black flag you prob wont enjoy this.

I read a lot of reviews before playing this, and I wasnt sure if some people were being unfair or not, or if they were serious.

Understand that when people say this is Black Flag 2 but worse, thats 100% accurate. They 100% scrapped this game together using black flag resources. The sea shanties are the exact same, and the rest of the ship animations are just barely reskinned.

A lot of complaints centered around the story, and almost all of the are dead accurate. Shay is a pretty boring protagonist, and while I feel like him leaving the order was a logical response, the WHOLE REASON he wanted to leave the order felt so confusing and wrong As the story went along, I felt that Shay progressively lost his identity and became a literal robot that just did whatever anyone said and when the word "luck" came up he says "I make my own luck"

There were a LOT of times in the story that I had to stop and go read the wiki or something to ensure i didnt miss something. It all feels so chopped up and glued together. When you become a templar, I got through like 3 missions that felt like intro/iformational missions that set you up with the new setting when the templar buddy/captain guy says "Well youve been with us for a year now, and done many great and wonderful things for the order" and i paused the game like... Wtf I have? I barely know you!!! The pacing had it feeling like a week had gone by. I went to look it up and I was ALREADY like 60% through the game.

You are of course also subjected to the atrocious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ god awful IRL abstergo stuff again, this time with some lady calling you numbskull every other word. I was already displeased having to do that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ IRL stuff, but made it torturous. I dont know who in the Ubisoft HQ gives the OK on the Abstergo IRL sequences but they deserve to be fired that stuff contributes nothing to the game, and the lore it contributes is so boring and disconnected.
 

Weight of Heresy
364 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2015
Before you read or go commenting on some forum saying that Assassin's Creed is dead and that the games are a money steal, consider yourself one of the few people who care little for the plot outside of the animus. (You didn't care about the game in the first place.)

Assassin's Creed Rogue: The lovely child-game of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.

I think the best way to begin this review is: Yes, this game is optimized properly, just like AC4.
After the hiccup that was AC Unity, Ubisoft released this ex-console-exclusive game onto the PC.

Pros
-New Weapons
-Good Story
-Lots of detail in environment and plot (just as Assassin's Creed is known for)
-Proper Optimization
-Fun

Cons
-Story a bit too short
-The occaisonal classic Assassin's Creed glitches (AI spawning inside of things, you know...)

Other than that this is an A+ game :)
 

Elidibussy
376 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2015
YES!

>good story
>good characters
>good performance
>good everything!

this game wins everything Q_Q
Lets love it together.
UPDATE:
Okay so it took me nice 13 hours to finish the game with main story only. Pretty decent, short but very good.
Because I care mainly about playability of the game and its story I´m giving it 9/10 for both Shay´s and present time storyline and 8/10 for playability because common old AC bugs still strike, like infinite loading screen, getting stuck, fall out of the map etc.
 

Misha
1,573 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2021
I am kinda iffy on this game...the story is somewhat interesting and engaging played all the way through, It was cool seeing the Templars perspective on the fight between them and the Assassins. But the climbing mechanics, poor combat, and stupid AI make this game very boring and at times frustrating. Never really felt like I needed to upgrade all my gear or spend time mastering any combat techniques. Don't even get me started on the collectibles...good God there is TOO MANY! Useless side quests and dumb time wasters just for the sake of 100 percent completion. From the hundreds of chests to several maps, letters, fragments, shanties, armor pieces, hunting pelts, and just extra garbage added all over the maps to "fill" areas with content was lazy and made the game so repetitive and boring. Struggled to put time into this game to finish it as most of it was genuinely bland and some parts were re-skinned from ACIV Black Flag. Would only recommend for AC fanboys to play which sadly included me...but there was some good moments of lore that tied in the earlier games and the game proceeding this one which was neat.
My overall rating: 6/10
 

Venomskull
321 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
59.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2016
You will like this game if you like Black Flag. However, being forced to use ubisoft uplay is horrible. Half the time it doesn't connect so you can't play the game. Hard to recommend when you can't play the game when you want.
 

PiousSaint
1,259 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2021
Best assassins creed story
 

Grzeczkowski
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
342.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2017
[En] "Nothing is real..., everything is permitted..."
"Attention, hunter and hunted can be!..."

[Ro] "Nimic nu este real..., totul este permis..."
"Atentie, vinatorul poate fi si vanat..."
 

Kchryss [Ro]
169 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
.
 

AlexLaudrup
48 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
60.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2016
May the Father of Understanding guide us.
 

CaladbolgX
121 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
67.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2015
The Enthusiasm has run out,
We all know it, but dont want to admit it.
the story line accounts for about 50 percent, then it comes to running around, collecting fragments, scrolls, chests, pieces of paper, your moms underwear that has flown of the line..... well not the latter, but its about as embarrasing.

Few (if any) bugs, I've rin into no issues. But the gameplay is just so monotonous, more so than 3, almost as much as 1.

I skipped unity because of its reviews. that said this game isnt bad, its just not edge of seat, excitingly new...
I think its time for an overhaul
 

Isodian
85 products in account
2
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2018
7.5/10 - It's Blackflag's little brother. Personally I enjoyed Blackflag more but this game is similar and the story is interesting playing as a Templar. I didn't do much of the side content because that is probably 75% of this game and I care more for the story. If you want a bit more of Blackflag or a big Assassin's Creed fan grab this game.
 

BigT
400 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2017
Considering this was Ubisoft's last Xbox 360 game, it was a good one to go out on.

I really liked the story. Not as good as Black Flag, but definitely ranks up there. Characters are memorable, and locations are cool. The rifle disappointed me, however, because I longed for an Assassin's Creed game where a rifle was an actual usable weapon that you carried, but it was only an air rifle. No worries though, it proves useful in the game.

Something that struck out to me the most was the expanded naval combat. That was one thing in Black Flag that everyone, including me, absolutely loved. The inclusion of breakable ice and iceburgs was a really awesome thing to put in.

Assassin's Creed Rogue uses the same engine as Assasin's Creed IV: Black Flag, so if you experienced any clipping or bugs in that, you're bound to experience the same here, but thankfully none are gamebreaking.

Shay is a great Assassin Templar and all, but whoever did his voice was horrible. The narration from Shay sounded like his voice actor was trying too hard, and his accent was portrayed terribly.

Overall, it's a great game. It has it's flaws, but it's perks and pros outweigh it.
 

thelastpelli
60 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2017
I am sorry but i dont sare the majority oppinion on this one... I love the francise played every single game in it but this game just feels like i was playing assassins creed 3 and 4 mushed together there was some new enyoable elements as taking down headqarters and doing interception missions but that is it for a whole new instalement it just felt like a small dlc
to being a templar side i was still an assassin that call himself a templar lore addition was nice i liked the story and the ending but i had enough of edward kenway way too much naval gameplay for not being a pirate

The whole game just felt out of place but that is just my opinion
 

Bad Wolf
549 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2021
Long story short, I played Rouge right after hitting 100% in both AC3 and Black Flag, and somehow this game takes a lot of things from those but fails to be as fun and immersive as them. AC Rouge is not a complete failure but rather a disappointment for a big Assassin's Creed fan like me for a few specific reasons:

- The storyline. AC Rouge actually DOES have a good story with some interesting events and important lore moments, the ambiguity of the conflict between the two secret orders is also well told, but still the whole plot doesn't feel like one solid composition. It ties up some events between AC4 and AC3, also reveals connections between Assassins' and Templars' actions and some massive historical events, though the setting of the story and the characters simply have no proper development. No characters but a few were interesting to follow and the dramatic sequence here is an absolute lacklaster in comparison with previous AC games. Same goes for the "Seven Years War" period which is serving here rather as a static background scenery than iconic historical times like The Independance War or Carribean Pirates' era.

- Side activities. Oh man, those were the worst part of Rouge. Not even mentioning that most of them were literally copied from AC4, they tend to be even more repetative and time-wasting all along. And a really bad thing is that they have no similar immersiveness like activities with Edward that were representing adventures of a pirate. Even some new fun stuff like silent rifle, grenade launcher and city renovations didn't make it less boring. The only location that was enjoyable exploring and "cleaning up" was New York, they could have left it as the main location of the whole game and it would be just as good.

- Random encounters with stalkers. I mention it separately because it is one of the worst open-world game mechanics I've ever seen. They attack Shay literally anywhere he goes. Though these stalkers are no big deal and can be simply countered, they can randomly ruin your stealth or distract you from the chase or any other objective you follow. It makes things more annoying and random but not more difficult in terms of gameplay - the literal definition of a bad game designing idea.

The game barely made any technical improvement after AC4, so it makes absolutely no sense to me why they didn't make Rouge as a DLC for Black Flag, like Freedom Cry. As a standalone Assassins Creed game, this one feels like a decent part of the franchise but the one which Ubisoft could do much better work on.

5/10.

P.S.
Alright, despite everything else the last scene in The Present storyline was absolutely brilliant. You (not some character from the past but literally You) have to "make a choice" that concludes everything between Assassins and Templars in the modern times. I wouldn't write it in better myself.

_____________________________________________

Короче говоря, Rouge была пройдена мною незадолго после 100%-ного прохождения AC3 и Black Flag, но почему-то эта игра не была такой же интересной и иммерсивной как предыдущие две части, хотя позаимствовала от них очень многое. AC Rouge не является провалом, однако является разочарованием для такого большого поклонника сей серии как я по нескольким причинам:

- Сюжет. У Rouge он в целом действительно интересный, имеющий некоторые интересные события и важные лорные моменты, также неплохо раскрыта неоднозначность конфликта двух тайных орденов. Но при этом сама история не ощущается как самостоятельная полноценная композиция. Она связывает некоторые события между AC4 и AC3, кроме того раскрывает связи между активностью Ассассинов и Тамплиеров и несколькими массивными историческими событиями, однако сеттинг истории и её персонажи не имеют толкового развития. Почти ни один персонаж, за исключением нескольких, не был интересен и драматическая составляющая истории в целом очень сильно "просела" в сравнении с предыдущими частями. Тоже самое и с периодом «Семилетней войны», который здесь служит скорее статичной декорацией, нежели знаковыми историческими временами, такими как Война за независимость или эпоха Карибских пиратов.

- Дополнительные активности. Ох, это худшее, что есть в Rouge. Не говоря о том, что большая часть из них просто скопированы с активностей в AC4, они были ещё более унылыми и бессмысленными на протяжении всей игры. И реально плохо здесь то, что у них нет подобной иммерсивности, как у активностей в Black Flag, которые составляли одно большое приключения пирата. Даже такие новые забавные вещи, типа бесшумной винтовки, гранатомета и ремонта города не сделали его менее скучным. Единственной локацией, которую было интересно исследовать и «зачищать» был Нью-Йорк, они могли бы оставить только его в качестве основной локации всей игры.

- Случайные нападения "сталкеров". Я выделю это отдельно, потому что это одна из худших игровых механик в игре с открытым миром, которые я когда-либо видел. Они нападают на ГГ везде, куда бы он ни пошёл. Хотя разобраться с этими "сталкерами" легко, но они могут случайным образом испортить стелс или отвлечь игрока от погони или любой другой цели, за которой надо следовать. Это делает игру рандомнее, но при этом толком не сложнее - короче говоря, отвратительное решение гейм-дизайна.

Поскольку игра не сделала почти никакого прогресса в техническом плане после AC4, мне совершенно не ясно, почему они не сделали Rouge как DLC для Black Flag, по типу Freedom Cry. И всё же это отдельная игра, которая хоть и может остаться приемлемой частью серии, но над которой Ubisoft могли бы поработать гораздо лучше.

5/10.

P.S.
Ладно, несмотря на всё остальное последняя сцена в сюжетной линии настоящего времени - она была шикарной. Вы (не какой-то персонаж из прошлого, а буквально Вы) должны «сделать выбор», который условно завершит всю сюжетную линию между Ассассинами и Тамплиерами в современное время. Я бы и сам не написал лучше.
 

Sevych
234 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2015
Remember how fun Black Flag was?
If yes,Rouge is practically like Black Flag,except,EVEN MORE FANCIER WITH A WHOLE LOT OF ♥♥♥♥ TO BLOW UP
Kick gangster in the face,steal all their ♥♥♥♥,and continue finding more loot while throwing balls of doom at your foes.

Essentially,REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ FUN THAT I WOULD ♥♥♥♥ MY PANTS.
So yea,
BUY IT IF YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOU.
 

i really want to sleep again
271 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
13.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2020
s
 

popopopop
96 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
Nice
 

C.Phyro
71 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
I would recommend it but on a sale.
 

meetbhatt53
431 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
Its mediocre at worst, amazing at best.
 

Conor
177 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
132.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2015
Rogue is not better than Black Flag, but not a bad game for the amount of money u pay
 

D__ZA
65 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
43.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2016
Bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brillisnt
 

c_rolland
16 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2016
Feels a lot like Assassins Creed 4 which was one of my favorite assassins creed games.
 

Borat
129 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
Great game...it's basically Black Flag from the perspective of a former Assassin turned Templar...
 

Rayza
190 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2016
This Was Epic Story of Assassin's Creed series all time.
 

rynx
243 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2016
From Templar Hunter to Assassin's Hunter . Assassin's Creed Rogue puts the player into deep Shay story the darkest mystery between Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag and Assassin's Creed 3 . The gameplay system lots of improvement and more better than previous game AC IV , especially new upgrade naval combat gameplay more fun and satisfyng , Discover in game secret and easter egg reference to Assassin's Creed Universe . This is Assassin's Creed game you should play .
 

Geroi Donetska
388 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2021
Irish man makes his own luck
 

JustAnotherRandomFan
206 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
66.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2017
Great game. It is fun being a templar killing your brothers XD

Your name is Numbskull in the human world XD

10/10 would Numbskull again :D
 

Shadowthrone007
126 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2016
Enjoyable. Glitched a lot, but had a good time playing it.
 

Jack
212 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2019
frustrating at every turn
 

senakristhfon
94 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 10, 2019
May the Father of Understanding guide us.
 

CharlesZH
499 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2017
This game make me hate Assassin’s Creed series.
The movements not smooth at all.
got stuck in places i shouldnt.
what happen to UBI qa team in this game ?!
 

RedSiskin
854 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2020
Pretty much like Black Flag but worse. Get BF if you haven't already. S
 

Tame Xan
67 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2020
Black Flag DLC with few gameplay improvements. 4/10.
 

Duck Vader
206 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2020
They took the exact same game mechanics of Black Flag (which were great, mind you) and implanted them into a less interesting story and environment. The story felt rushed, and they padded the gameplay "hours" with collectables that don't really have a payoff. The areas to explore outside of the main story line were kind of boring, and the missions there were repetitive and uninspired. I gave up on collecting things after getting through maybe 75% of the map and just powered through the rest of the story (in little time) because I was just was not having fun.
 

Comrade
130 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2019
This game holds up really well if you go into it expecting a black flag sequel and nothing more. It was a 360 era game so it's kinda muddy in some areas even at max settings (Reshade helps mitigate that) but the water and grassland areas of the games look fantastic to this day. Overall I recommend it.
 

Sinistar
448 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
37.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2015
Essentially copy/paste of Black Flag with some refinements. Entertainment value is still good. 7/10
 

Apocryphal
89 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2015
Love the game, runs smoothly
 

Paul Iacob
39 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
71.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2015
This game's story was very good! And it use the BF engine (maybe a lil bit polished) which is a plus to me! :)
If you liked Black flag you will love this one!!
 

Monkeh!
274 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
85.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2015
Loving it at first try...! Player-friendly interface, just how I like it. Excellent job Ubisoft! And nice job on the additional gameplay and challenges. Job well done indeed. Extremely satisfying [for me].
 

ScorpiOnion
164 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2015
Story wise and main character prespective this is my favorite Assassin's Creed. Mainly due to the fact that Templars are way cooler then the Assassin's
 

Eddy Baby
230 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2015
AC Rogue is by far one of the best AC games, if you loved AC Black Flag, you will love this AC Rogue. It pretty much connects AC Black Flag > AC Rogue > AC III > AC Unity together - A truly epic story!
 

Redeemer
294 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2015
sad
 

Cydyan
187 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2015
Story is very short but fulfilling. It is nice to see things from the Templar point of view. It is kind of a Black Flag 1.5 though to be fair. The ending is very good especially if you have already played Unity like I have.
 

kareemcheesy
414 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2015
I love the game play but i can go both ways they could have done a new model wioth shay and what they did was take Edwards Model and put a new face on it the whole of the game is a redone Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag but all in all 8.5/10 would do it again :)
 

TobiDoes
193 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2015
Assassin's Creed has always been an interesting beast. On one hand, it has a tendency to be INCREDIBLY inconsistent, as evidenced by the bungled release of Unity. Yet, for some reason, I continue to come back to it. Maybe it's because I'm a history buff, and few 'casual fans' of this series actually appreciate how many of the depicted in-game events actually happened. For example *SPOILERS* in the opening sequence of this game you find yourself in Lisbon in 1755, site of one of the most devastating earthquakes in recorded history.

I sank (haha, because pirates) a HUGE amount of time in ACIV. I'm new to PC gaming, so I played on console, but I would guess I played for 60+ hours total. It had an awesome setting, good protagonist, and was brimming with stuff to do. I'm reviewing this game a bit early, having currently only played for about 8 hours. Thing is, it doesn't take an AC veteran like myself long to figure out what this game is. It truly is just a redeployment of the ACIV forumla. Luckily, it was one HELL of a winning formula, and this game succeeds BECAUSE it emulates it predecessor. Based on what I've seen you can take the number of things there was to do in ACIV and TRIPLE it. This gaming is BURSTING with stuff do. If you liked Black Flag, you'll like this game all the same.
 

jbreezy94
82 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2015
20% report:

This game is really impressive so far. I don't know why, or how, but I can completely max it out on my rig with pretty steady 60 fps whereas AC IV and even AC III would make my computer bleed. I think Ubisoft secretly released an amazingly optimized, fully-formed, and enjoyable AC game in the wake of Unity (not even going to try to run that mess on my PC).

As for the story, I LOVE it so far. It picks up where AC IV left off in a way, putting you in the shoes of a selfish and hardheaded outsider. Only this time, you're (hurrr spoiler) the "bad guy," a Templar, dispelling those self-entitled and whiny Assassins. As a pretty big AC fan, I have to say, it is weirdly satifisying to dispatch members of the Order, almost disconcertingly so.

Oh, you know how awesome it was messing up fools on the high seas in AC IV? You can do that too, with improved and expanded combat, new weapons, and NEW SEA SHANTYS.

Graphically, it looks like AC IV but runs like a dream. Granted, I'm on a discontinued AMD 6100 and a GTX 770, but for me, it's really quite nice. I guess it only took Ubisoft 2.5 games to get their engine optimized for PC...

After AC II, this is my favorite in the series so far. If you're a AC fan, buy it now. Otherwise, just buy it on sale.

8/10 (incomplete review)
 

clint
271 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
I know lots of people didint like Unity, and that Rogue supposably should be the "better" of the two. I just have to disagree, Unity was defenetly a better and more detailed game than this. Rogue dosent make me want to invest more in Assassins Creed. Even small things like how the exterior and the interior of the buildings dosent correspond really disappoints me.
Having just played Unity I also feel the lack of customization. Like putting togeather different pieces of armor with different stats on, with individual looks and being able to choose what kind of weapon I want to use.
Running and climbing animation feel inferior to Unity. And I feel very little incentive to do side objectives aside, both in reward and the fact that they lack story debth.

It is, and feels like a game for console.
 

Mr.Bree
67 products in account
4
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2020
It's basically the same functions as AC IV Black Flag but....better? It's hard to say, since this game has more overall features than Black Flag but the environment is different. Rather than sailing through a tropical environment it's a snowy winter..and enemies can board your ship. In Black Flag you get the rope darts near the end of the game, in Rogue you get it basically at the start and they're far easier to acquire...I really like rope darts for my psychopathic tendencies to harass npcs. Oh and also, when you the player kill npcs there's a different event that happens. In most AC games when you kill npc games, the game just decides to kill you. In Rogue, the consequences of killing civilians is that some super OP bounty hunters attack you. They're easy to escape and are vulnerable to bullets so not a big issue. In any case, get Black Flag if you want story, get this game if you want more gameplay and features.
 

Caldera
137 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2015
9/10 rating this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome!
 

Furholt
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2021
ppllllssssss
 

Davy Bones
76 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
23.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2017
great game!
 

NickaBoy99
149 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
48.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2015
What I liked about AC: Rogue? The story. It's all about perspective, anyone can be a villain or a hero based on their choices.

What I didn't like about AC: Rogue? It was short, compared to other Assassin's Creed games. There are six sequences with some short bonus memories for Shay. The extra missions outside of the main story, well it just didn't feel as organically designed as Black Flag. There is quite a bit of travel back and forth, and navigation in the River Valleys is really annoying. There's more side activities than I think actual story - but don't get me wrong. The story is just great.
 

Winslow
206 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2015
Black Flag 2.

9/10 would black flag again

Edit: The only thing I dislike is that there is no multiplayer.
Assassins Creed multiplayer is always awesome and this is depressing to me.
Hopefully it will be added.
 

LuBu
111 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
Effectively a sequel to the "one good" Assassin's Creed game, this now makes it only the second AssCreed worth getting. Basically this takes Assassin's Creed: Pirates and expands upon its mechanics, includes a larger amount of interesting items to aquire, and given that you become a Templar the story is far more interesting. If you liked Black Flag, you'll like this.
 

ComradeWinston
569 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2015
TL;DR: Low effort AI, gameplay is a scavenger hunting chore, story is incredibly short. As of completing ASC 2, Brotherhood, Revelations, Black Flag, and now Rogue... It fixes a lot of problems in Black Flag but lacks the kind of depth to truly enjoy the 100% completion rate

That being said, if you enjoy finding collectibles there is roughly 400 of them across the world to grab :P

Excuse me one second, I need to vent something

NOBODY CARES ABOUT THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MOTHER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ CIRCLEJERK COMPANY SECTIONS. HOLY ♥♥♥♥. Every single game. They roll in and ♥♥♥♥ up the gameplay for easily 20 to 30 minutes each. For the love of god make them skipable

Anyways, after venting is over, the game is only about 20 missions or so long. It has a few fixes up from Black Flag so if you haven't played Black Flag before I would suggest running with this instead (unless you care about the overarching story). However, most of the gameplay consists of a couple of story missions (like 5), the rest of the story missions are just introductions to the various time sinks around the world which, while quite a large one, is mostly consistent of the same few setpieces over and over again. Littered with the same positioned collectables, completing the game fully is more of a chore than an experience. The only fun parts are the games you make for yourself on the inbetween consisting of stabbing guards in various manners, which is just as possible in the previous ASCreed games as in this one
 

Elkstone
252 products in account
2
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2020
it good
 

TheAlexisShow
42 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2020
It's more or less like Black Flag. What's not to like.
 

donrio666
58 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2020
Gud
 

roll
179 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 9
Abukakakaka shumblunsjf akfbsk
 

MochiMan77
7 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
ou liked black flag? you WILL LOVE Rogue, the story is amazing and i barely started!!! really love the transition from assassin to templar!
 

Emperor Solaris
1,534 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2020
Black Flag 2.0. Good game.
 

MadMuppet24
19 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 6
The story in this game is dense but extremely short and political. The enviroment is a step below the one seen in assassins creed 4 with less areas available for parkour/movement. The game has the exact same mechanics and pretty much the same animations as the other games in the "kenway saga" meaning ac3 and ac4. However, there seems to be very few unique animations occuring making all combas scenarios feel the exact same.
All said this game is a step below ac4, however it does contain some vital story-related content for the entire francise.

 

Frilansare
49 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2019
After playing many Assassins creed games, I wanted to play the next.
Little did I know, this one would deviate from the game concept of previous games.
Introducing very confusing controls and gameplay which just does not fit.
Why exactly are Assassins Pirates now? Or is it the other way around?
Why do I have to launch Uplay?

Summary:
Whenever there is a change, some people will dislike it. In this case, I am one of them.
Not recommended for people who prefer the older Assassins Creed games.
 

Connectety
78 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
40.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
The game had great potential, but overall is not that great. The story is good on the surface, but the missions aren't particularly interesting. Most of the game's content lies in shallow and repetitive exploration that provides little to no reward. It's something I enjoyed playing, but could never recommend to anyone else.
 

Lieutenant Colonel Gerard Frunst
90 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
I'm not sure why, but this game is a buggy mess on my PC. Graphical pop-ins so bad that I can't see objectives, objects or even characters that I'm supposed to be following until I'm right on top of them, and sometimes not even then. I'm not sure why my computer is so buggy when others aren't, and I'm running a fairly new setup only a couple of months old; 4GB Geforce 970, with 16GB of ram and a 4 GHZ Intel Processor. Maybe It'll work for you, but it sure didn't for me.
 

AaronUNLOCKED
1,154 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2017
This game is worth for you. The price when in summer sale or another event are not far different between the standard and the deluxe edition(You better buy the deluxe edition in any event)
 

Darth Plagueis
31 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
47.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2015
Good game
 

Legiter
78 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2015
gamenya keren, rasa2nya campuran blackflag sama unity dan ada beberapa map ascreed 3 deh. cuman ada beberapa bagian yg agak glich atau kurang unreal. tapi keseluruhan keren abis
 

Lucille
27 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2015
Loved the story and how the game plays. graphics arent that good tho... i just beat the story and eventually ill go through and finish it 100%
 

Shindiga
74 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
AWSOME stack thes civilans on yuor ship and your black beard.
 

,Hack
167 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2020
Great story line
 

DrunkMickey
133 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
215.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
The game is simply ridiculously fun. The gameplay is similar to Black Flag, so the combat is very simple but fun.
 

alpen_glow
124 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
20.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
fun like black flag
 

mangsun.l
44 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2015
Take all the good from AC3 & all the good from AC4 BlackFlag and this game is born

Pros:
Amazing Graphics
Well Optimized (to put into perspecitive AC4 i could run on medium/Low this i can run on max [Geforce 760])
Movement its more fulid than ever
Characters are likeable
Includes Archilles and Adwale (AC3 AC4 respectivily)
Boatz
Nice settings and enviroment design

Cons:
I didn't get my copy of AC3
Long Loading Times (from saved games)
Occasonal infinate loading screen when returning from paused game
 

[OCE] Malditohusbandodelicioso
403 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2016
It most certainly is dark and although the story is short it is very compelling. It tells of the templar turned assassin shay cormac and is a prequel to ac3 and sort of a sequel to ac4. The game mechanics are the same as ac4 except that their are a coulpe of different things like gang headquarters. Also you meet haytham kenway and some other ac3 chararcters. It is quite dark as you must ruthlessly murder all your friends in the assassin order accept achilles. All in all it is a good game but I would get it on sale.

Edit: Ubisoft is a PoS corporation, they harbor abusers and have a toxic work environment where if anyone says anything, they are harassed into silence. Do not support them.
 

SimonWagon
134 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2015
great game some places glitch out but great game
 

battlesamurai
305 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2019
Is time for Templar!!

Positive:
- New perspective

Negative:
- Short Story Mode
- Content like Ac4 or Ac3

You can skip this game 😉

6/10
 

DarthMaulana
79 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2016
A Good Game.
 

j0ny_brav0
2,079 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
I tried this game, and unfortunately just could not get into it. I can't put my finger on why, but there was just something about it that I couldn't really dive in and feel like I was enjoying myself.
 

Bloodpoint Fiesta
1,343 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2020
Product received for free

Beautiful gameplay, great story, good graphic
 

KnelleX
228 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2021
Hooded man go Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
 

YeBoiSB
28 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
My favorite Assassin's Creed game. The naval mechanics were improved and the new swivel gun is even more fun to use. The environment is beautiful and pleasing to sail around. Also, sailing for the British navy is so much cooler than being a pirate.
 

Staple Finger
609 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2017
Is this really a Ubisoft game?!

The optimization is superb because my five year old PC (with two R9 280X AMD GPU. Note: Ubisoft hates AMD GPUs for some reason, that most of their recent game releases aren't very optimized for most AMD hardware) could handle a stable 60FPS at 1080p at the maximum settings. Although the gameplay feels a bit like a Black Flag rehash, the story seems very interesting.
 

Ischyro
389 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 17
A relatively entertaining story bridge complementing the endless saga of Assassin's Creed - loses valuable points mainly because of the technical obsolescence and the total reluctance of the creators to come up with a more significant change. It is basically just for fans of the third and Black flag episodes.
 

Crank1997
107 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2018
Rogue feels like it should be about something. It feels like this should be where Ubisoft really lets it's ridiculous, insane plot off the hook and, for just one side game, burn the whole ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ down. It feels like there should be a deconstruction of the whole Assassin/Templar myth and the complete and utter absurdity of these two aincient orders fighting eachother since time unrecorded and yet neither side being able to make any real gains. That no matter how many Elder Doom Artifacts the Templars hoard or how many High Ranking Officials the Assassin's slay, the war goes on and on and on forever and a day.

Rogue is not about that, and perhaps I was an idiot for expecting it.

What Rogue is really about is Black Flag making a lot of money and Ubisoft not wanting to throw out the shell for it without cranking out one last game by jamming ACIII's architecture and AC:BF's gameplay together. It works. It's playable. That's about all it is. It's got a stink of "Ubisoft Compotence", the taste of manufactured fun(tm), the stink of industrial machinery pumping out units. The flavor of chewing on sawdust.

And while I expect that from most Ubi games, I had hope that Rogue switching sides to the Templars would allow for some refreshing gameplay changes, but aside from the fact that occasionally bums and girls in thigh highs will bum-rush you knives out, it's just an Assassin's creed game.

And it should have been more.
 

Rahzum
833 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2021
is there a need to write a review for this game? downright horrible, nothing to explain.
 

»» ducky jaron ♡ ««
71 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2019
Black Flag but you're a templar and it's very linear.

Certainly recommended.
 

jack the lad
94 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2020
prea asa
 

Cabral rupe CSu
16 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2018
Kinda liked it, but looks weird... We'll see...
 

Reyvahx
190 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2015
Assassin's Creed : Black Flag 2.0 - Good Templar Edition.
 

R3TR0
872 products in account
3
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
100.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2018
8/10

''I make my own luck.''
 

Zabaioskis
25 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2018
It is good.
 

Bane
154 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
It's the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of black flag, sometimes it glitches. Killed a guard and his body flew across the screen repeatedly, and the AUDIO.

I realised the crowd audio was repeating and then I couldn't stop hearing it... it was the worst...

The ending was meh,

If you just like playing AC games like me go for it but don't expect much.
 

TTV Miss_Fabb
143 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 15
Game is just a re skin of Black Flag with worse boat battles and even buggier combat. Story is kinda meh. Personally if your thinking your missing out on story your not. Changes nothing not knowing this story. At least there are barely any escort missions.
 

The Deadhood
642 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
The two words I would use to describe this game is half-assed. The story was good but the story telling was just awful. There was no attempt to get you attached to the characters but some kind of expectation for you to feel bad for them. It was super dissapointing and felt rushed. It is basically Black Flag with less mini games, a few small new mechanics that you will use once or twice and a lot less polished.


They should have just made this a DLC for black flag for 10 bucks and cut out all the collectible nonsense.
 

jetriot
516 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2017
Good assasins creed game.
 

Virgin fuccboi
313 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
75.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
sad theres no multiplayer but all in all its an amazing game and i love every aspect of it.
but seriously the multiplayer is a must for this game
 

juke383
111 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2020
[ok
 

H.I.T.M.A.N
9 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2020
It's really just a worse version of Black Flag
 

Hibe
58 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
Nice big map game, it's very good AC BF4 sequel.
 

ns.nixon
68 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
78.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2017
This was my fist in the series and I loved it
 

Jurassic2234
85 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
104.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
Yes.
 

Oats#Lola
32 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2016
This is a must play game for any AC fan! really like the game, if you every played black flag - its feel like the same game, just shorter (or in this game i skipped most of the unimportant island and do mostly the main story)
anyway very nice game as the other AC. i got it in the bundle pack (come with black flag, unity and syndicate)

this game is ends where unity start so its fun to play them by the order (unity have much better engine (with a new problem of its own but..) :)

7/10 - too short, but very fun to play
 

motykr
59 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2020
do not buy this game on steam buy it on epic because if you buy it on steam you will not be able login to your account if you connect your ubisoft account with your steam account and will not be able to play it or if you do not connect you ubisoft account with your steam account then you will have to log into your ubisoft account every time you want to play this game and then you have a 50%50 chance of you getting in to the game
 

scottishgnelf024
36 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
Honestly its just a lazy game. If you want more blackflag this is more blackflag. But they just threw every concept they had from any other game with no writing justification for it. they have all the naval stuff from blackflag but with fewer events. They have hunting and crafting from ac3 but its just a pain. They have buying and renovating buildings from brotherhood and revelations but you hardly do it with purpose and money is thrown at you. Animations are not new. They have the templar fort mechanic from revelations and brotherhood but it makes no impact on the game and is just tedious (also the game doesnt give a reason why they are now assassin gangs instead of templar forts and why the assassins are using gangs). Honestly this entire game is just them throwing every mechanic they have ever made and giving no reason for why you should care about any of them.
Another example is the fact they have assassin interception missions laying around. You can do them as an assassin or a templar, they dont change, and I'm still not sure what side they are supposed to help.
 

Sennif
38 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
73.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
based
 

Jolasso
72 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
65.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2020
Meh
 

47m3d
24 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
54.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2020
So much about this game bothers me. First of all it's Assassin's Creed at it's worst. Get that diamond, catch that song sheet, open that treasure chest... the main story is probably like 10 hours long I would guess? the rest is me being held hostage to my OCD. But if you keep buying AC you know all this.
What really bums me out is that this game doesn't make sense story wise. The whole scenario doesn't make a lick of sense. I spent 50 hours hating the main hero and thinking he's just dumb and spoiled.
Oh and to boot - this game should be a DLC for AC4. It's practically the same game. The only real novelties get tiresome really fast and aren't worth it.
In my opinion - just skip this game.
 

theeviljester
21 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2015
Black Flag 2!
 

Frost シセロ
373 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
AC BF 2.0 - very buggy; crappy story. Blah.
 

Alunwi
110 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2015
More of the brilliantly made Black Flag... who can say no to that???
 

bassmickey
743 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2016
this game is probely fun IF YOU DIDN'T PLAY AC BLACKFLAG TOO, it looks way to much on black flag to enjoy it. but it's probely really fun if you havn't play black flag first. they optimised the game too. it runs very smooth.
 

Grinding sigma male
110 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2020
Even though it's not marked as DLC it is way too short and disappointing for a full part of AC. Littered with repetitive side-quests which have nothing to do with the main plot. No motivation to explore the world.
 

Szinanim
97 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
This game is sequel from Assassin Black Flag. In this game ,their a main character call Shay where he and his crew travel over the entire island. For me ,this game little bit improvement in weapon called riffle which is silent gun. Furthermore ,the map is huge compare to black flag and last thing is
"HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA. DENG DENG DENG x3"

-John Cena-
 

J0ker ;)
122 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2021
DIFFICULTY
☑️Easy
🔲 Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Extreme

GRAPHICS
🔲 Bad
🔲 Neutral
☑️ Good
🔲Amazing
🔲 They don't matter

STORY
🔲 Bad
🔲 Neutral
☑️ Good
🔲 Amazing

LENGTH
☑️ Short (3 - 20 hours)
🔲 Average (21-50 hours)
🔲 Long (51-120 hours)
🔲No ending

WORTH BUYING
🔲 No
☑️Wait for sale
🔲 Yes
 

Mpartos
120 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2018
More Pirates? Count me in. Black Flag was the most fun I had in AC, and this is more of same. The storyline is even pretty good, if a little simple.
 

mattboesen
326 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2020
It's just not good. I have not had a lot of fun playing this.
Do not buy this, unless you REALLY liked black flag, and even then....
 

Nixto
443 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 12
I was really intrigued to play this game to learn more about the history in the North Atlantic, an area I knew nothing about. After having beaten the game, I still know nothing about the history. Cause this game is so busy telling a Templar<->Assassins story (not badly) it forgot to weave in the real life history (disappoint).

Arguably this game is the weakest of the series. Only 2 reasons to play at this point:

You can't get enough of Black Flag's gameplay, and want to play a re-skin set in the North Atlantic
You're obsessed with the AC story and want to know all the filler details between the previous games and the setup to the next game, Unity

Much better to go play any other game in the series. And if you're playing through the series in order, consider skipping this one.

Personal Series Ranking

Assassin's Creed II
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood
Assassin's Creed Syndicate
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag
Assassin's Creed III
Assassin's Creed Revelations
Assassin's Creed Unity
Assassin's Creed Rogue
Assassin's Creed Liberation
 

professor camp
755 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2015
This game really wow'd me. It's like Assassin's Creed III and IV had the perfect baby. The story is captivating, the characters are engaging, and the gameplay is so refined that it's the best rendition of Assassin's Creed on this Engine. The game takes around 10 hours to finish. If you're a fan of the series, this is NOT one to skip. It answers so many questions, and provides so many awesome story points! The game is so well done and is really a breath of fresh air. Not to mention, playing as a Templar is always unique. It ties ACIII for my favorite Assassin's Creed game, and if I didn't love ACIII's Native American theme so much I'd probably say Rogue is the best by far. 9.5/10 from me. Play it!
 

Anna Banana
789 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
55.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2017
-Perkele



10/10
 

Fedora
762 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
48.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 21
Game is just a reskin of Black Flag with worse boat battles and even buggier combat. Story is kinda meh. Personally if your thinking your missing out on story your not. Changes nothing not knowing this story.
 

Nemesis T03
1,015 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2016
Shay is a pretty fun guy.


9/10
-IGN
 

Kab
106 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2016
The f***** boats man, nooooooo!!!!!
 

Kislek
184 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2016
This game seriously reminded me of Assassin’s Creed 4 Black flag specially in the controls and well most of the concept and I really enjoy the game even thought the big twist , but other than that the game is very unique and thrilling
 

Axl
40 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
So much better then Unity, 10/10 for only have 4 hours into the game. So much fun and enjoyable..
10/10 - Ship Traveling/Battling
9/10 - Sword Combat/Gun Battles
10/10 - On New content and bringing in some familiar characters, Love the Story line!!
For sure best pre-paid game I've gotten in a while!
 

Johnny Blaze
183 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2016
Hell of a game
 

dizzy fart
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2021
Its black flag with better mechanics but an awful story
 

Hodgins
34 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2021
i hate french
 

Sneedham
324 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2021
Epic story. You will learn not all the assassin's "creed" is not a "creed" and think both the sides
 

Randunu
6 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
33.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2020
I have 2 major issues with the game. My first problem was, that the game crashed every once in a while, and the seconds being, that the story felt too short and not satisfying.
 

Frryslyr
31 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2020
One of the best Assassin's Creed games I think. The parry move is a little op but very fun.
 

YoungBentley
93 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
72.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2020
Third party ♥♥♥♥♥
 

Wallywaffle
373 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 1
the gamplay, the voice acting, the story, its all worth the $20.
the boat-play is the best i have ever seen. has a crafting aspect but, unlike some other games, it doesn't feel forced or out of place.
also you get to play as a good guy half way through \^o^/
its my first time play an AC game but didn't get confused at all.
i will be looking into the rest the AC franchise.

10/10
great game.
 

Buddy_boi_man
11 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
49.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2021
Product received for free

A truely masterpiece that sheds the light on templar philosophy in depths for the first and last time in the whole series helping us finally understand the conflict in its truth
 

MalekAzrael123
17 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2020
Boring game. This game is all about grinding collectibles.
Physics of battle are broken, guards are flying into an air after their death.
Bugs everywhere.
This game shows stupidity of both Assassins and Tamplars factions in story line.
Storyline is short and meaningless.
Enemies are dumb as wooden planks and their behaviour looks very radiculous.
Game pushes you to grind ALLL things around map, just because they are there, and "heyyy, how about we collect all of them instead of playing a real game"?

Only good thing about this piece of trash is Athlantic part with ice region...and COLLECTIBLES of course :)
What a time waste.
Ubisucks doesn't give a dang about making games since 2012 and that sucks. Ubisoft sucks. Assassins sucks.
I don't care if you say in comments like: "uuuuh, how could you say THAT to us, faaaans of AC"? But i do. Game sucks.
This game looks very dissapointing and sucks hard, that's all.
 

Peter Jackson
413 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2020
Really nice game!
 

Davinchi
27 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
43.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2020
good AC
 

Tawksick Gamer
268 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
75.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2020
k
 

4stack killa
109 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2020
Great Story
 

Rabbit Reaper
342 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2020
It doesn't run. Probably sh1t anyways though.
 

Weezer fan 69
96 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2021
2021 review : i give this game : 6.5/10
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE DEEP INTO AC GAMES LIKE ME !
THIS GAME IS ONLY FOR PLAYERS WHO HAVE PLAYED ALL OTHER AC GAMES AND WANT TO DIG FOR BITS OF EXTRA INFORMATION AND STORY ! THE GAME ITSELF IS PRETTY BAD NOW !
===
ubisoft originally planned AC:Black Flag for ps4, and AC:Rogue for ps3 to be released together, 1 game for each console, it was the first time two different AC game was being released at the same time.
my first impression of the game on ps3 was so disappointing that i didn't play this game until now 2021!
---
since the game was released for ps3 the graphics are very low, and because of technology limit they were forced to put the camera so close to the character that there would be much fewer stuff to be rendered on screen and therefore A : The game feels like a PORT from PSP ! thats right it doesnt even really compare to ps3 era, B: you cant see your surrounding in the game at all since the camera is so close to the character.
and i am a little shocked by this because AC 3 was released for ps3 and it was and is LITERALLY one of the best games i have ever played in my entire life ! so i don't know how they couldn't just do what they did with ac3, with ac rogue too.
---
The game is mix of stuff in ac3 and ac4 but it just doesn't play well at all, first set your mouse sensitivity to MAX so can rotate camera a little at least. the story of the game itself isn't that exciting.
this game COULD have been so much good, an idea of an assassin turning into a templar could have been done so good, this game is a fantastic idea being wasted, a tiny little spoiler alert :
the entire reason why you turn is an earthquake which you blame on your mentor which is just overreacting, how could have he known the results then, and he does mention regret in the end for that action.
the story is basically shay being a cry baby and going rogue.
---
if you are like me deep into ac franchise, here is how you must play :
the story bits are the 20 computers you must hack at abstergo + the main missions of the game .
don't waste your time on other non-story stuff like i did. the game is not FUN or entertaining, it is something you must tolerate to get the story.
--
i give this game : 6.5/10
 

ImmortaLeader
740 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2021
Good Game must play if you follow the series
 

rahulationsharma
18 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2018
Notice: Purchases made in this region will only receive the Russian language
 

a_[w]
16,235 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2021
Due to the ineptitude of Ubisoft, I cannot play (or even start) Assassin's Creed Rogue, Unity, or Syndicate. I spent well over 8 hours working with Ubisoft tech support and various other forums to try and solve the issue. I've gone through every possible diagnosis, going so far as to completely disable all security, startup applications, overlay applications, peripheral software, and more! THEY STILL WOULD NOT WORK. Before wasting your money, I cannot suggest more that you move on and find literally any other game to play, since they'll actually work.

Every second of my playtime is entirely from starting the game and it crashing on me, RIP over 8 hours of my life.
 

ItsForgy
645 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2021
i just love how it is between ac3 4 unitiy and libertion i think it has the most simple and good story from all the ac games and it great charaters with emotions
 

Zero Blade
41 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2021
gg
 

RedDeadViking
73 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2021
templar go brrrrrrr
 

Katie Sees All
238 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2017
I feel like a Bad man... so Badass!!

10/10
 

 ꧁HONEY BEE꧂ 
532 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2021
This is the worst title of Assassins Creed so far, cause its missing identity, innovation, a motivating story, fulfilling subplot. This title is just there to flick some holes of other AC title stories, but it just cannot suprise or impress with any feature. At one point you even had to farm ship upgrades for multiple hours just to progress the story. Is this was AC has become? This game lacking interesting features, improvements, world is missing interesting architecture and good design and feels like Black Flag, just without intention, innovation, being shorter and worse.

The time of templars, which we fight against,
the time of time savers, which we decide against,
the time of meaningless bossfights, which we strive against,
the time of going rogue just started, may the father of understanding guide us.

This game is what you can do ingame, a leap of faith into the abyss.
 

spiny[B] -dsb-
980 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
68.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2018
From Assassins going templar to sailing the one sea, AC: Rogue's got it all!
I played this game about 2 years ago, and I loved how much it brought to the story. I played unity before playing this one, and it was mindblowing to see where they connect.

Pros:
Interesting plot line and captivating story
It takes you to see the view of a templar, rather than an assassin
It's good to see Achilles in the days of his former glory

Cons:
Ship battles can be a little too difficult
Movement and control system can be weird

I highly recommend this game if you have played the games released prior. At least assassin's creed brotherhood and up.
 

Skitchrat
253 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2018
Good game I loved it!
 

H3X
230 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
56.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2018
nice
 

Namazu-
100 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
98.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2015
lots of fun, runs well on my amd brix system
 

Aboo Khadeejah
136 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2018
Assassin's Creed Rogue is undoubtedly one of my most favorite Assassin's Creed game in the entire franchise. The way the Templars are portrayed in this game was executed flawlessly. Shay Cormac is one of my favorite characters in the series. The game was extremely fun to play!
 

Vsrq
96 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
81.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
Such a nice change from the ordinary Assassin perspective, Rogue is the most fun ive had with Assassins Creed in a long time the only bad thing is that the story is only six sequences



10/10 would destroy Lisbon again
 

Timpalainen
164 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
46.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2021
Shorter, but better than Black Flag. It basically improves on it in every way, apart from one thing: naval fleet missions. So sad that this game didn't get the development love it needed, there are notable technical issues with this game on PC. Not game breaking, but very definitely off-putting. With a few workarounds though, the game will run like a charm.

Assassin's Creed Rogue's story is surprisingly OK. It's very refreshing take to see the Templar side of things. Even better, the character dialog is respectable rather than childish. Overall the writing is still meh, but it was way more enjoyable to me than Black Flag. The early parts of the game are a chore to get through, but after the main character "gets reborn", things become way more interesting.

Gameplay wise I feel that everything was improved compared to the game's predecessor Black Flag. Except for the Naval fleet missions, they were horrible in Black Flag and in Rogue they somehow made them even worse. The missions can only be completed by waiting a certain amount of real time. They are such a huge time waster. In fact, I have 100% completed everything else and despite spending time on the naval fleet missions in parallel as optimally as I could, I completed only ~75% of the naval missions. The remaining 25% is going to take many boring hours of waiting and I have no interest in doing that. Even in Black Flag these missions were boring time wasters, but at least there you could progress with multiple missions in parallel. In Rogue you can only progress with one mission at a time. Big fail. Luckily though, that's basically the only thing that strongly bothered me gameplay-wise.

Stalking is a new gameplay element that Rogue adds. While playing as a templar, you will get ambushed regularly by hidden enemies that try to ambush and stab you. At first I hated it because it severely restricted my movement, I'm so used to being overpowered in Assassin's Creed games, simply jumping into the battle scene and knocking everyone out - but now thanks to this one new game mechanic you can't do that. Now, it actually pays to be stealthy. Imagine that? Stealthy gameplay in an Assassin's Creed game, revolutionary. I quickly learned to love it. Tactically scouting out the area, finding weakspots to abuse and slowly gain ground. It's way more rewarding than to just run in and overpower everything.

From a technical point of view, this game is alright but it has two major issues on PC that you wouldn't expect from a triple-A. First, graphics look horrible because of a settings bug that causes texture quality and draw distance to be stuck at minimum. You're going to have to modify a .ini file to fix it. Second, menu'ing with the mouse is bugged. You will constantly highlight a thing in the menu, but see the wrong details. It's like they didn't even test it on PC. To workaround this, you'll need to ignore the mouse when menu and control the menu with your keyboard instead.

To summarise. It's shorter, but better than Black Flag. There are some glaring technical issues, but luckily there are workarounds for those. If you are like me, an explorer and a completionist, this game is for you.
 

ジェイ･シー
703 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2020
very good
 

RUDRA
7 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2020
back when slavery was legal :)
 

i love anime!
69 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2020
Hikaye bir önceki oyun olan Black Flag'in hemen ardından geliyor ve devamında ise Unity oyunu ile birleşiyor. Tamamlayıcılık olarak gayet güzel. Oynanış olarak da bir önceki oyundan çok daha zevkli benim düşünceme göre. Fakat her AC oyununda olduğu gibi adım başı buglar, hatalar ve siz her ne diyorsanız onlarla karşılaşıyorsunuz. Oyun kırıcı hataları görmemek elde değil. Karakteriniz yeri geliyor saçma sapan atlamalarda zıplamalarda bulunuyor. Bu kadar eskiye dayanan bir oyun olan AC serisinde hala bu tip hataları düzeltemiyorlarsa çok yazık. Kesinlikle olumlu oy veremeyeceğim. Ubisoft'un cloud senkronu ile save dosyalarını kaybeden insanlar da cabası. Benim başıma bu zamana kadar 3 kere geldi. Bu oyunu oynamadan önce bu sebeple cloud senkronizasyonunu kapattım ve bir sorun yaşamadım. Oyun sonundaki credits kısmını da size zorla izlettiren bir ubisoft. Kusura bakmasınlar.
 

Head
354 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
86.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2018
10/10 Best AC game ever made.
 

Ekhi
188 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2016
Killing my best friend 231/3 would try again
 

kw
205 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
7.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2021
,ntul
 

Zyuxeus
18 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2020
black flag but the creed is rlly stupid
 

Noot
74 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2015
I don't know if I should reccomend this beacause i am having troubles playing it. it says there is a problem and acc.exe has stopped working. I do not know what to do its really annoying. if anyone has the same problem then im sorry i cant help. But if someone has the solution plz reply im always checking the comments
 

Zeltune
13 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2016
I am just going to come right out and say it, even if it's not the most popular opinion. This is the best Assassin's Creed game that has ever been released. Having played all the other games in the series it was incredibly unique to play from the enemy factions side of the fight. The gameplay is exactly the same as Assassin's Creed 3 so if you've played that and liked it than you'll like this game's gameplay. The story line of this game also connects to AC Unity which was released alongside this one. If you're a fan of the series than get the game but it isn't a good place to start with it.
 

jcbvickers
382 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2017
far better than AC:Unity
 

dziablo
182 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
29.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2016
Awsome game!!! Works fine, no glitches, great graphics and storyline!!!!
Worth it.






 

Dallas Cowboy
21 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
86.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2016
Very nice game .
 

pchrispol056
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
196.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2017
muy bueno aunque fuese mejor si pudiese invita aun amigo
 

Cazuela
24 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2020
Better than black flag.
 

motorhorn
183 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 17, 2020
it has a great story
and a great moral
 

legendfyee
119 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2016
Product received for free

well, Rogue has a good story I liked it, just it short, the other assassin's creed could reach sequence 12-13 meanwhile Rogue has only 6 sequence :( I'm dissapointed on how short is it, but yet, has a good story after all
 

julie
36 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 26, 2019
Hello, this is my evolution for the game (Assassin's Creed Rogue) and this is only my personal opinion.
Bonjour, ceci est mon évaluation pour le jeu (Assassin's Creed Rogue) et ceci est uniquement mon avis personnelle.

❌ Early access / Early access❌
❌ Beta / Beta❌
✔️Full game / Jeu complet✔️

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Gamestyle / Gamestyle] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
❌Multiplayer / Multijoueur❌
✔️Singleplayer / Jeu solo✔️
❌Co-op / Coopérative❌

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Audience / Public] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
❌ Kids/ Enfants❌
❌Teens/ Adolescents❌
✔️ Adults / Adultes✔️
**Blood **Du sangStrong
Language Langage fort
Violence La violence

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Bugs / Bugs] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
❌ Unplayable / Injouable❌
✔️ Few Bugs / Quelques bugs✔️
❌ No bugs were encountered / Aucun bug n'a été rencontré❌

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Difficulty / Difficulté] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
✔️ Simple / Simplev
❌Sometimes challenging / Parfois difficile❌
❌ Mostly challenging / Principalement difficile❌

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Story / Histoire] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
❌ None / Aucun❌
❌ Bad / mauvais❌
✔️ Average / Moyen✔️
❌ Good / bien❌
❌Very good / Très bien❌
❌ Masterpiece / Chef-d'œuvre ❌
▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Graphics / Graphiques] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
❌ None / Aucun❌
❌ Bad / mauvais❌
❌ Average / Moyen❌
✔️ Good / bien✔️
❌Very good / Très bien❌
❌ Masterpiece / Chef-d'œuvre ❌

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Audio / Audio] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
❌ None / Aucun❌
❌ Bad / mauvais❌
❌ Average / Moyen❌
✔️ Good / bien✔️
❌Very good / Très bien❌
❌ Masterpiece / Chef-d'œuvre ❌

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Game Time] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
✔️Short / cour✔️
❌Average / moyen❌
❌ Long / longue❌
❌To infinity / L’infini❌

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Price-Quality / Prix-Qualité ] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
❌ In-Game-Shop ( only cosmetics ) En jeu (cosmétiques uniquement) ❌
❌ In-Game-Shop ( boosts / saving time ) En jeu (augmente / gagne du temps) ❌
❌ In-Game-Shop ( superior loot / stats ) En jeu (butin / stats supérieur) ❌
❌ Free / Gratuit❌
❌ Not much / pas beaucoup❌
✔️Full price / plein tarif✔️
❌ Wait for sale / Attendre le sole❌

▫▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ [Note / Note] ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫ₒₒ▫ᵒᴼᵒ▫▫
0 Bad/ mauvais 1 Average / Moyenne
2 Good/ bien 3 Very good/ Très bien
My note is 3
Ma note est 3
25 Jul 19

https://store.steampowered.com/curator/35497119-EB14TheCurators/
 

eb14
601 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2021
I was expecting to like this title as I had really enjoyed black flag; however, this title felt like a regression to AC3's faults and then little change from Black flag. The gang element in the game seemed confusing in the game. I really like the potato farmer protagonist but that is pretty much the extent. It was okay.
 

Charjabug
614 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 10, 2019
Great game, until the end.

Features unskippable 30 minute credits. If you try to quit the credits and go back into your file it simply puts you right back at the beginning of the credits. Of course cannot in good conscience recommend a game that does such a thing.

A shame because it's otherwise by far the best game in the series. Sailing the North Atlantic in Viking armor raiding ships between icebergs is an irreplaceable gaming experience.
 

Baron
71 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
The best Assassin's Creed
 

major_mood
410 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2019
Product received for free

Spiderman but way back in the 17th century
 

Thali | #savetf2
64 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2021
We are the templars now, guys.
 

Shiba
41 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2021
Boats are the worst part of this game.
 

Xaiso
105 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
29.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2021
Ass ass in good
 

SatLT
152 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2021
mantap
 

emirkrm
7 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2020
it is a very oppy game
 

Xterminater
14 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
72.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2020
one of the best assassin's creeds in my opinion
I really liked the story
 

-jpz
73 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2020
Assassin's creed died with Desmond.
 

Eldril
51 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2016
A solid entry into the series in terms of gameplay possibilities. The seafaring of AC3 mixed with the renovations and money system of Brotherhood. The story ends up being somewhat lackluster, and Shay's betrayal is based over the classic soap opera gig where main characters don't give each other enough time to explain everything, so it all goes to hell.

Also, I hate Shay's voice actor.
 

rosey
528 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2019
I definitely recommend to all Assassin's Creed lovers. This game is basically Black Flag II, and I enjoyed it very much. I will say that the fighting is sometimes sticky (if you know what I mean) and can get very annoying. All in all, it is really good. The biggest con I can even think of would be the hunting, which can get annoying because prey sometimes doesn't spawn, or spawns in very small numbers (usually one per zone). The requirement for advanced blueprints (you needed these to upgrade ship further) was kind of neat too; although at times it was very annoying trying to find them, but it was not something that took lots of time.
 

Fen
119 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
46.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2016
I just finished the game in one day. All i can say is that it is quite short and yet it has so much potential to create more wide and bold story but Ubisoft ended it there. Nonetheless do not get discouraged by the story length. As i said that it has so much potential i mean it as it is so GOOD.

The game might be short on the story but exploring is so big, there is tons to do even after you finish the main story. You can do quests or search for items to unlock a certain type of armour, even legendary ship battles, etc.

With all that aside now, I can finally say that this game has gone far beyond my own expectations and yes i rode the hype train of this game before and never had a chance to play this until now and throughout the years i am still not disappointed.
 

Blankuwu
12 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2017
UPLAY SUCKS...This and many other games I own like HOMM that require have one issue or another and is pissing me off...I need to honor my committment of boycotting but when you can by the whole AC series for 75% off...well sure you get it. Here is the ticket below.

Hello, I am trying to start my Assassin's creed rogue on uplay and it is not allowing me to...though I played it about 20 hours last week. It gives "There was a problem autheniticating ownership of this product. Please contact customer support if you need help resolving this problem." This is annoying that I just bought the game last week and cant play. There were similar issues I had with Uplay about 3 years ago and is why I stopped buying your titles....please fix this quick as this is very annoying that I have to deal with this on my time off.

Thanks,
 

DuckAndCover
279 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
596.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2018
Rouge was a cool game and all, a few things i didn't like must have been the story, killing adewale was sad D:
 

Deathal
193 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2021
Product received for free

I'm big fan of ubisoft, they have petty cool games.
 

Big Boss
86 products in account
2
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2017
Product received for free

nice game
 

Kingpin Takeshi
436 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2018
its whatever
 

Junkers.
80 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
54.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2021
review ♥♥♥♥ off
 

Hardwire
573 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2019
pretty basic, but honestly, it was a good transition to the AC Unity engine
 

FartLickingFreddy
181 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2020
Similar to AC4 , very ship centric exploration game, but this time you are an Irishman assassin. The name 'Rogue' is quite apt and you can probably presuppose what happens! They brought back buying buildings from AC2, this time you are renovating them, as well as the income stream in your bank. The ship battles seem easier this time around, although maybe it's because I've been through AC3, AC4 and it's dlc, and the new orleans one.
 

chairman_mentos
584 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
72.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2017
fantastic always wanted to be a templar, spoiler its not 3 remaped
 

Crab
1,382 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
Awesome game. Not very well marketed in the sense that it passed under a lot of people's radar due to the popularity of AC: Black Flag, but definitely worth the play. If you loved AC: Black Flag, you'll love this too.
 

Condre369
246 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2017
Newfoundland is in it. Best Assassins Creed game
 

Based Shroom
932 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2021
Very good story i recommend to play it !
 

Hon spieler
52 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
53.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2021
Absolutely Loved The Game..

~Shay Dezervez Another Game..
~Haytham Dezervez Hiz Own Game..
 

AstrAy
436 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2015
Awesome
 

Edon
158 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2017
So I missed this game when it first came out and I got it in a pack with several other AC games. If you enjoy the sailing in Black Flag then this game is basically more of that. Shorter than BF, and I found a couple of bugs involving movement (Like my character trying to jump up the same bit of wall over and over again) but overall it's a good game and if you can get it cheap I would recommend it.
 

LittleMikey
1,590 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2015
If you got the Full DLC Pack, you will understand that there are no point of getting it unless you need lots of help.

Love this series of Assassin's Creed game. Not much but did add some few old version into the new version. Like the plots but kinda gotten lost from the first part of the story. I mean the very first part of it but the rest is alright for me.
 

MrEvilPiggy
247 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2017
Great product, its a little bit inproved than black flag and they have made some things more realistic. And i like the way they took Shay to become a templar after training as an assasin, that chaged a lot. and u can have a boat again and be a bloody pirate wich i loved in black flag. I played it for 7 hours after buying it
 

Tamir
167 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2020
It is very fun at the beginning but when you become a templar the missions get more repetitive. Controls are sloppy at best. I enjoyed the first few chapters but it just goes downhill from there. also I bought the deluxe edition but didn't get the DLCs in the game, even though they show up in Steam. Over a month after contacting Ubisoft support, I'm still waiting to resolve this...
 

DeadlyCreeperH
219 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2019
This was overall a pretty good game, it showed the templar side of things and I really enjoyed the story. I came across a few bugs but they weren't anything major.
 

Topsicx
138 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
37.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2019
This game is souless. The developers didnt even take themselves seriously. Instead of Altair and Ezio you get this uncharismatic idiot with no interesting plot. The out-of-animus moments are embarassing.
 

CommonMax
99 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 10
nice
 

Now Win YT
42 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
80.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
Yes this game is a sequel to IV Black Flag and a prequel to III and Unity and connects their stories together, however, there is this one Viewpoint in the River Valley that does not register... When I sync it, Abstergo Challenges in the game registers it but the Progress Tracker doesn't, therefore, I cannot get 100% synchronization. The Assassin stalker system is annoying, the mask thing is annoying (fun at first but gets boring real quick). The map is pretty big, littered with collectibles as any other AC game and serves as a checklist of things to keep you busy because, the story is pretty short and cheesy (it's so short the naval missions you need to do in order to get Altair's sword is longer than the main story itself). I mean yeah there is no good and bad when it comes to the Assassin's and the Templars but in this game Assassins act like arrogant little children. Naval Warfare, ship upgrades and combat system are the same as Black Flag's. This game could easily have been a DLC (like Freedom Cry). Want to know what happens in between IV and III/Liberation and Unity, sure buy this game, but I would suggest you to wait for a discount. No way worth the full price.
 

Apohutsy
248 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
ok
 

dtkien9214
36 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
62.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
i like this game
 

FarrasGularsa
11 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2015
What AC shoud be! buy it and have fun.
 

Mr.Bigtime-81
1,547 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
56.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
"I make my own luck"
 

ShootinPootin
183 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2020
So didn't like this game personally and you can totally skip it and proceed with Unity knowing only that the Assassins of this game are all pieces of ♥♥♥♥ and will change shay mind by pushing him in the templar order arms...quests are boring and repetitive...gangs outposts are bad made...of course the leader of these gang places can kill you with nothing so pissed off...just go on youtube and type "Assassin Creed Rogue assassinations" and you're done...then it's like black flag with different parkour and story
 

Jasper Reikevik
210 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2016
If you enjoyed Assassin's Creed black flag and wanted a few more hours of gameplay that gradually fall in quality this is the game for you as well as being thee 1st game in the assassin's creed franchise where you get to play as one of the good guys
 

JOHN FIST
382 products in account
0
See More Content
Back to top
©
Privacy Policy
Legal
Cookies
Steam Subscriber Agreement
© Valve Corporation.