SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
1,330 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 133

Recommended
598.5 hrs on record
Posted: 26 May, 2021
HOW TO REMOVE 2K GAMES LAUNCHER:

1. Right click on game in Steam library
2. Select "Properties"
3. Under "Set Launch Options", enter the following command:
 "C:\Games\Steam\SteamApps\common\Sid Meier's Civilization VI\Base\Binaries\Win64Steam\CivilizationVI.exe" %command% 

4. Make sure to change this file location to whatever drive you have the game saved on.
(If you want to find the correct location, select "Properties" on the game as before on Steam, then select "Local Files", then "Browse". This will show you the exact location of your game folder).

5. If you want DX12 version, change CivilizationVI.exe to CivilizationVI_DX12.exe

This solved the launcher issue for me, hopefully it can help others remove this annoying "feature".
 

HaylingZar
620 products in account
23
3,506 people found this review helpful
40 people found this review funny 42

Not Recommended
460.8 hrs on record
Posted: 31 May, 2018
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

This is terrible. I was actually coming around to buying the expansion, but this definitely puts the break on that choice. I'm uninstalling this game for the time being and I recommend you do the same. I have zero tolerance for companies who pull this sort of stunt on its customer/fan base.
 

Podemos
104 products in account
58
3,295 people found this review helpful
63 people found this review funny 16

Not Recommended
82.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 April, 2018
Forced to uninstall due to the updated EULA which makes all "Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc." subsidiarie games spyware.

"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

You also agree that all this information about you can be sent to countries with "lower standards of privacy protection".

Why can't I just play I game I bought without having my entire life data harvested for profit?

Edit: Installed it on my Steam Deck. Fantastic machine that holds no information I care about on it.
 

Denuviate
280 products in account
119
878 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 173

Recommended
1,588.5 hrs on record
Posted: 4 January, 2021
I have played Civ right from the start and every upgrade is a step further to fun love the challenges and I am 71 so if I can do it anyone can
 

tom
22 products in account
0
1,153 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 135

Recommended
93.2 hrs on record
Posted: 4 September, 2021
To bypass 2K dumb and greedy launcher which causes crashing or fps problem:
Library -> Right click on Civilization VI -> Properties -> Advanced Launch Options box -> Insert this line

"C:\Program Files\Steam\SteamApps\common\Sid Meier's Civilization VI\Base\Binaries\Win64Steam\CivilizationVI.exe" %command%

(Note: the line is Steam folder by default, if you change your Steam folder location, customize the line to your Steam folder location; if you want to play the game with DX12, change CivilizationVI.exe to CivilizationVI_DX12.exe)
 

HHCN
146 products in account
23
733 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 157

Recommended
1,193.8 hrs on record
Posted: 9 June
I'm an old man & I use this game, (Single Player), to help me to focus on multiple issues at the same time. I still don't know what the "Scout" icon with the "heart" in it is supposed to mean because I can't find it defined anywhere but that is the lease of my problems. It has helped immensely with my memory and I find it relaxing.
 

jbr8n63
4 products in account
0
5,784 people found this review helpful
173 people found this review funny 17

Not Recommended
256.7 hrs on record
Posted: 26 June, 2019
I used to enjoy this game and civ 5 but i would strongly advise not to purchase with the current EULA it was updated a few months back and is now a disgraceful piece of spyware.
In short the publishers of this game are granting themselves full permission to your personal information, nothing seems to be off limits then they go on to state how they will then distribute your personal information to anyone and everyone who wants it including countries with poor privacy protection records! (yes it actually states that)
Found half way down the Terms and conditions under INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE is this gem of a passage.
Here is a copy and paste of that section in it full glory.

INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE

By installing and using the Software, you consent to the information collection and usage terms set forth in this section and Licensor's Privacy Policy, including (where applicable) (i) the transfer of any personal information and other information to Licensor, its affiliates, vendors, and business partners, and to certain other third parties, such as governmental authorities, in the U.S. and other countries located outside Europe or your home country, including countries that may have lower standards of privacy protection; (ii) the public display of your data, such as identification of your user-created content or displaying your scores, ranking, achievements, and other gameplay data on websites and other platforms; (iii) the sharing of your gameplay data with hardware manufacturers, platform hosts, and Licensor's marketing partners; and (iv) other uses and disclosures of your personal information or other information as specified in the above-referenced Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. If you do not want your information used or shared in this manner, then you should not use the Software.
END QUOTE

As you can see not your usual EULA the licensor recommends not using the spyware sorry i meant software, if you do not want your data collected and distributed in this way, good advice.
 

nobbychapman
180 products in account
47
394 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: 1 April, 2019
BEFORE YOU BUY: If you own Civ 5, open your Civ 5 launcher, you MIGHT be given a link for 75% off of the Digital Deluxe edition of this game. I wouldn't be playing this game right now if I hadn't gone to play Civ 5 and seen the offer.
 

12rt78
90 products in account
29
1,065 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 74

Not Recommended
2,446.8 hrs on record
Posted: 24 July
I have 2400+ hrs in this game. I have been playing versions Civilization since 1996. The problem isn't the game, it's the publisher. 2K placed a launcher on top of the Steam launcher, so you are forced to sign up to data mining activities. Up till the 2K launcher was in place the game was stable and I never had any issue with mods. Now the game consistently CTD and when it does load, will not load a saved game. 2K ask that players uninstall the game, clean all the related files from their pc and reinstall. Thanks. Proof that you don't care and the uninstall exe isn't optimised to clean the registry and hd properly. All so 2K can data mine you. This is just unacceptable and anti-consumer. Thus I can not recommend the game. Don't be fooled people, they don't care despite their marketing and have already moved onto the next big game to make money from.
To Sid Mier and Firaxis. Your names are being dragged through the dirt. Is this what you wanted?
 

initium
14 products in account
0
1,401 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 131

Not Recommended
296.3 hrs on record
Posted: 4 June, 2021
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."
 

Newtonsohn
78 products in account
0
3,458 people found this review helpful
168 people found this review funny 24

Not Recommended
9,272.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2017
tl;dr: Just play Civ V instead.

Well, I've been trying to love this game for 642 hours now (as opposed to 3532 hours wasted/enjoyed in Civ V). Some observations about this game as it stands alone, now that the adjustment period from Civ V is out of the way:

- AI's military tactics are still extremely weak. It does not assemble its units for advantage, attack when it has the advantage, or defend its cities effectively. You'd think a fundamental goal for any game like this would be to have fronts naturally develop, as in a real-life war. Nope. Scattered, random skirmishes that the AI always loses. You can run the map with 1-2 infantry or cavalry units, plus 1 artillery.
- Diplomacy mechanics bring nothing to the game. If you so much as defend yourself or retaliate against an aggressor, as one does in war, you're branded a warmonger. Were the Allies warmongers in WWII for conquering Germany? Leaders relentlessly spam you with their disapproval, consuming ridiculous numbers of UI-animation seconds before you can esc/cancel with each one. Despite claims that leaders approve of certain things, it seems to be an either/or, all-or-nothing, hair-trigger mechanism. A leader will love you one turn and denounce you the next, because they expected you to have one more military unit that turn or something. There is no nuance, spectrum, or "scoring" to this system, as far as I can tell, contrary to the claim that there are several levels between "friendly" and "denounced." It's a waste of effort to try to get along with everyone while trying to win a science or cultural victory. Just let them inevitably declare war and fight them off.
- Firaxis has figured out how to make leader interactions annoy you further and waste even more of your time. Clearly, you want to be spammed with an inconsequential 30-second message for "good job" "or "I hate you" several times each turn - often interrupting your next click - and wait an additional several seconds for it to respond to multiple Esc presses.
- The AI engine is SLOW. I've played on an i7-5930k and an i7-6850k, and on both, it takes up to a minute to process AI turns in late game. I think most hours spent playing this game are for the "please wait" stage. Why Firaxis cannot take advantage of parallel processing, or cache possible scenarios in advance while you're taking your turn, I do not know. There should at least be an option (or default) where other player moves have faster animations so that you can see what's happening without losing time, without making all the animations bizarrely short like in quick combat.
- The lack of automated builders brings more tedium to the game than it does craftsmanship. In late game, I really no longer care about the details of each city; there are no real mistakes to be made, and I do not want to micromanage every single tile of every single city on a standard to huge map. Keeping the charge mechanic on builders, but adding an option to automate (or making it a technology, like a "self-reliance" civic) would probably still encourage early game caretaking, while removing late game tedium.
- The game in general just feels slow and tedious. This is in no small part due to terrain penalties and weak road bonuses for unit movement. (And the fact you essentially can't deliberately construct roads; military engineer roads are too expensive.) Even in the middle ages, no, it didn't take 20 years for a unit to cross a civilization. It takes a lot of the oomph and fun out of army mobilization when it's far more practical to move single powerful units against the weak AI than to assemble melee and archer units into a tactically appropriate formation. There's simply no reason to bother with a combined arms / blitzkrieg approach in this game.
- I like the districts mechanic in principle, but it's not flexible enough. Districts should be removable at a cost, or at the VERY least, there should be more information displayed in early game about the future optimal options for each tile. It's really not fun to try to wing it and guess where it will be best to place an industrial, commercial, or theater district in the future, before you can select those districts to see the adjacency bonuses. (Or for placing future wonders, each of which have strict, arbitrary requirements.) At the very least, there should be some sort of filter (a lens?) to display all adjacency bonuses on a tile.
- Tile info popovers are slow and unreliable. Just show the dang info when I mouse over. I'm not afraid. At least make it so that mousing over a resource icon by accident doesn't prevent tile info from displaying until I leave the tile and reenter.
- Personally, I think the air unit mechanics in this game feel awkward and unnatural. Why not just emulate real life instead? Carriers in real life can project power farther and to more places at once than allowed by the 2 short-range aircraft, as can air bases. Jet fighters intercept attacks, like in Civ V. They don't sit there and take it. No cruise missiles or ballistic conventional weapons in this game? They do exist in real life... Also, by the time you can build aerodromes and project significant air power, you could far more easily have created 3 times as many land units of greater power. The air game seems to be rather pointless, and is placed too late in the game in terms of military advancement. Air units are too weak for the time they take to acquire. Minor note: you'd also think cheap surveillance or attack drones would be making an appearance by now.
- Nuclear weapons are thankfully a little more realistic in this game, since they really ruin whatever land you'd like to conquer, but at the same time, you've got to ask, of what use are they in the game? The AI never has a powerful enough conventional army where you'd need nukes to defend yourself. Since you can conquer all other civs with 3 army units, it's foolish to nuke them first and ruin your takings. Best guess, if you're trying to win a science or cultural victory, you'd like to ruin everyone else's day? If you're in the mood to go for one of those victories, initiating nuclear war doesn't really fit the bill.
- In my experience, all games devolve into domination matches. As soon as someone attacks you (inevitable), you will have an army and be branded a warmonger for defending yourself. So you might as well remove the nuisance of neighboring civs who like to attack you. Nature then takes its course. Maybe this is a bit realistic, but it doesn't exactly meet the 4x, varied experience Firaxis is trying to accomplish.
- City state and liberation mechanics are flawed. There is no real way to defend an allied city state, or even just to play peacekeeper. You're not notified that they are attacked, and you are not given any casus belli for declaring war. War of liberation (after the fact) also doesn't seem to become available when it should. If you do liberate a city, all your units are immediately expelled from that territory, bizarrely and unnaturally disrupting your advance in a way that just wouldn't happen in real life. Takes the fun out of liberating that neighboring continent that had been conquered by a single civ; liberating France as in WWII is literally impossible.
- So tired of hearing "best not to aid that city state" from other leaders. What are you talking about? I didn't aid any city state. Which one???
- The tech/civic boost mechanic is neat, but it makes games far too uneven. Either I hit all the boosts by the luck of the map and launch a moon landing or accidentally win a culture victory in 1700, or I'm tied up in a war for 500 years (in which I can't go on the offensive to end it or else become a warmonger), miss a lot of the boosts, and discover petroleum in 1960.

I fired up this game this morning on a sick day to pass the time, and found that it's more fun to write this review than to sit through any more hours with the game. That should tell you something.
 

ctusmarsius
188 products in account
216
1,087 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 56

Not Recommended
3,818.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2021
The new 2K launcher broke my game. Why do gaming companies feel the need to take working products that customers have already paid for and have been playing for years and break them?
 

Bash
41 products in account
0
310 people found this review helpful
309 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
735.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2021
Great way to time travel, you can start playing on friday, and after one more turn it is suddenly sunday
 

Hell Raiser
48 products in account
0
4,071 people found this review helpful
70 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
271.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2019
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."
 

Goodnightnurse
192 products in account
0
366 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
15,162.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2019
When I first played Sid Meier's Civ 1, I played to exhaustion, watching a friend's apartment, fell asleep on the floor for a few hours, and played again, until he and his wife came home. He let me keep the game. After a week, I settled down to a few hours per day, back when my disabilities made employment harder to find. That game, and Civ 2, 3, and 4, helped keep me going.

With Civ 5, another friend talked me out of the kiddie pool of lower difficulty settings, and I discovered how much fun each of the 40-some sides could be. The same friend gifted me Civ 6, for last Christmas, and I liked it so much, I gifted the $80 every-DLC-as-it-comes-out edition to another friend. I put about 15,000 hours into Civ 5, and have already put over 4,000 hours into Civ 6.

My first impression was as bewildered as had been my first encounter with Civ 5. Gorgeous as Civ 6 is, my main thought was channeling UPS: "What can brown do for you?" But eventually I figured out how to assign envoys. Now I can even interpret the graphics for developed hexes in others' empires' sepia tones.

Occasionally, the map gets stuck scrolling, and I have to save, exit, and restart the game. But I go weeks without that happening. I haven't run into any other annoying factors.

So far, I've played Pericles' culture-focused Greece, Russia for a religion win, China for wonder-spamming and science, Tomyris' unstoppable Scythians, and my favorite so far, the peaceful Canadians. Each one has been full of unique fun. I hope you enjoy this game. There are lots of good video play-throughs on YouTube and Twitch, of course. Watch before you buy, and you'll know what to expect. I think most people will find at least a few sides that they enjoy completely.
 

pastshelfdate
123 products in account
0
1,168 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
350.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2018
Glad someone caught the details on the EULA update from 2k. Everyone should uninstall this game, get a refund if possible, and review bomb this until 2k/firaxis gets the message and is forced to rework their EULA and privacy policy.

Just to recap:
"INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE

By installing and using the Software, you consent to the information collection and usage terms set forth in this section and Licensor's Privacy Policy, including (where applicable) (i) the transfer of any personal information and other information to Licensor, its affiliates, vendors, and business partners, and to certain other third parties, such as governmental authorities, in the U.S. and other countries located outside Europe or your home country, including countries that may have lower standards of privacy protection; (ii) the public display of your data, such as identification of your user-created content or displaying your scores, ranking, achievements, and other gameplay data on websites and other platforms; (iii) the sharing of your gameplay data with hardware manufacturers, platform hosts, and Licensor's marketing partners; and (iv) other uses and disclosures of your personal information or other information as specified in the above-referenced Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. If you do not want your information used or shared in this manner, then you should not use the Software."

and of course:

"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

You also agree that all this information about you can be sent to countries with "lower standards of privacy protection"

Absolute scum, selling information from customers who bought the game and adding microtransactions and paywalls to content that should have been in the vanilla version.
 

Ragnar Grundlegrinder
82 products in account
0
1,813 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2018
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

Don't recommend until this is changed.
 

Noctilio
482 products in account
0
1,419 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 103

Not Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2021
Great game; just one problem:

"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

I (and several other players) find this completely unreasonable, being a breach of user privacy. Will not be buying anything from Firaxis or 2k until this is removed.
 

justjonas
2 products in account
34
976 people found this review helpful
122 people found this review funny 10

Not Recommended
3,749.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2018
After putting in about 1500 hours at the time of writing this, I think it's safe to say I can write a somehwat informed review (because I have opinions and I like to share them, that's why). I'm no veteran Civ player, I've only played 5 and 6, though I'm aware that 3 and 4 are still good games. However, even coming from 5 which had it's own disappointing launch, 6 is a massive drop in depth and quality. No matter how hard I try, I cannot lose myself in this game the way I did in 5. I'm never on edge, wondering what will happen next, because I know what'll happen next. War. War for settling wrong. War for being the wrong religion. War for governing wrong. War for being too strong and too week (at the same time). War for not trading. War for simply existing in a manner that doesn't quite suit somebody else. What seems to be an attempt to inject some personality to diplomacy with "agendas", results in predictable games where everyone hates you, or everyone loves you (until they don't). There's never a middle ground.

On agendas, certain civs simply don't play themselves as they should. Hey Brazil, I see you've denounced literally everyone on Earth for making more great people than you. Would you like to change that? Maybe build a campus or theater square? No? Just gonna build another encampment? Thought so. Nice to meet you China. No I didn't realize you were the preemminent builder of wonders in the world. Do you know why? It's because you never built one China, that's why. Ah, Cleopatra, I see you're now chronically indecisive, as you simultaneously hate and love large militaries, and simply can't make your mind up. These agendas will override everything else you do with/to another civ. If you are friends with America and watch helpless as the Aztecs burn and pillage their way across the continent, you might be inclined to pitch in on good ol' America's behalf. But more fool you, because you see, America hates people who declare war on his neighbours, even if those neighbours are currently enslaving his own people and turning his cities to ash. A man's got to have a code after all. Now you're a warmonger. Why? Good question, but it's ok, Alexander the Great still loves you.

The next part of my rant jamboree is the design of the game, such as unit scaling and modelling and such. Before the game was launched there were many people who expressed concern over a "mobile game" aesthetic, justly concerned that 2K might be trying to grant their next installment with some more mass appeal at the expense of anyone being able to take this seriously. Thankfully, the gameplay hasn't been dumbed down, so much as screwed up (see agendas). I am not terrified of this army of strangely proportioned stretch armstrong figures marching towards me, because I'm too distracted by the trader, whose cart is 2 or 3 times taller than my palace. In Civ 5, when the Mongol horde was at my borders, it stretched on and on like, well, a horde. Now it appears to be maybe 20 horses all together, each being roughly the size of an entire building, and altogether looking rather silly. If course there's another reason not to be intimidated by the Mongol horde, or anyone else's horde for that matter. The entire combined forces of all other AI civs could be beaten back with a damp rag and a can do attitude.

The AI in Civ 6 cannot war, which is particularly damning in a game that always ends in a war. Alexander the Great of Macedon may command the most fearsome force known to man, but rest assured, it'll be soundly defeated by simply doing the following; ranged units + garrion promotion, place in city centres and encampments. Or just wait them out, when you think the enemy has gained the advantage they'll just sit there and contemplate life, or throw themselves away on fortified units with ranged support. It's worth pointing out that at launch the AI did not even know how to use boats or planes, so I wouldn't hold your breath or anyone elses for any of this to change any time soon.

I will now try to think of some nice things to say about Civ 6. You can use mods in multiplayer games fairly easily. See that overpowered civ from your favorite TV show that was obviously made by a fan with no thought to game balance? Yup, you can bring that into a game with your friends and make them regret basking in your presence. The most fun I've managed to have in this game has been with friends, where the only real competition in science, culture, faith and of course, war, are the other human players. The AI might aswell be so many other city states. Oh and the music. While I miss wartime music (listening to the cheerful Kongo theme while nuclear hellfire engulfs the planet is a bit jarring) the whole idea of music evolving with eras is just fantastic. Entering the industrial era to "Scotland the Brave" blaring in your ears while you agressively bagpipe the inferior nations of the world into submission is satisfying, to say the least. But then you realize that you're building the same cities all over the map, and that the last game you tried to get into was the same as this one, and that enemy you've been contending with isn't really contending so much as falling behind because he decided to give up on winning. And then everyone denounces you for being close to winning yourself. And then I get tired of this and try and get Civ 5 to work again with a bagillion mods.

(oh yeah and districts aren't that special, I always end up building the same 2 or 3 different cities with no variation)

(I'll stop typing now I am very tired)

EDIT:

I have so many hours played in this game because of friends who used to enjoy playing it. As they lost interest, I lost interest. There were other mods I used that also made it fun, which are no longer usable since the summer patch (I think, it might have been the spring one I can't remember). I cannot reccomend this game because it does not stand up on it's own as a civ game should. Time and time again the modding community has found and fixed bugs that should have been dealt with before release. Maybe the next big dlc will make Civ6 a game worthy of the franchise, I don't know. Until such a time I do not think anyone should buy this game. That is my opinion and I am entitled to it no matter how many hours I have played, or whether or not I "got my money's worth".

(While I understand where some people are coming from with the "you played a bunch but didn't like it so why did you play it" mentality, I would not take any review seriously with few hours played, regardless of wether they reccomended it or not. If my friends came with the game in a sort of package deal, then sure I'd reccomend it, but I got them elsewhere)

GS EDIT:

Another DLC, and with it some more game mechanics for the AI to struggle with. There's really not much more to it than that. Obvious one is climate change and disasters, of which there is very little change and it's not very disastrous. Just keep a builder or two on stand by if you're in a disaster prone area and you'll be fine. Of the couple times I've had the patience to see a game to completion, not once did the sea level rise, which leads me to believe that you have to really go out of your way to screw up the planet. The main incentive for burning fossil fuels seems to be powering tier 3 buildings in certain districts. Not only is this not necessary, as these buildings still provide their standard yield, but you can just hold out for cleaner energy sources a couple more techs down the line.

The other "new" mechanic is the world congress (for some reason starting in the year 500 AD), which at the very least is a more nostalgic kind of stupid. Fans of Civ 5 can look back on fond memories of the great nations of the world banding together against the true enemy of civilization, truffles. Voting yourself is pointless (unless you're playing Sweden), because the AI will mass vote to ban random things regardless of whether it hurts them or not.
 

Comrade
91 products in account
88
212 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 139

Recommended
305.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2020
Recommend on sale.

Fact is, the game is GREAT BUT, only if you got gathering storm at minimum. the base game is missing a lot of end game content and falls off a lot. it's missing the climate and disaster system, and the governors and loyalty that was introduced in rise and fall. getting gathering storm gets you ALL those mechanics, but that means it costs extra.

the full price base game just feels incomplete. but overall it's well designed and fun to play.
 

Huffybaby
488 products in account
1
8,143 people found this review helpful
190 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
1,059.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2019
I have almost 600 hours on this game and I like it. I was very excited for the gathering storm expansion, and I even pre-ordered it, but I won't be playing. Sadly, because of the new EULA which basically turns the game into spyware, I have already played my last game of CIV 6. SORRY FIRAXIS, BUT YOU'RE A DAMN VIDEO GAME COMPANY AND I DON'T TRUST YOU WITH THIS INFORMATION, AND YOU HAVE NO RIGHT, AND NO GOOD REASON TO BE AFTER IT.

New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."
 

Deibu
112 products in account
0
362 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,282.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2019
I'm positive nobody's going to read this, but Civ 6 is a good game. It had a rocky start, but the devs managed to iron out all the kinks and now it's a fine addition to the series. A lot of people prefer Civ 5, but while that was also an amazing game, I prefer to play 6. It doesn't let you cheat the movement system as much, and it keeps things more interesting throughout the game than Civ 5 did. The AIs are more aggressive, which makes them more interesting to play against. Probably the only pitfall to Civ 6 is the Rise and Fall expansion. It's a shame you can't play Gathering Storm (a much better expansion IMO) without it.
 

Icebreed
596 products in account
0
1,623 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2018
Please stop harvesting and selling our information, this isn't a product that was handed out for free the consumers have to pay for it. This isn't facebook, this isn't twitter, we are the not the product.
 

Sexual Trombone
212 products in account
0
177 people found this review helpful
123 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
375.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
I've allegedly played 375 hours of this but all i did was play a few more turns.
 

Ace
191 products in account
0
238 people found this review helpful
107 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
204.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2021
I love it.

And you know the guy who said don't start it before going to sleep?

Yeaaaah. He was right!
 

[Epic!]killy
1,093 products in account
0
184 people found this review helpful
146 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
470.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 27
I uninstalled after suffering from "just one more turn" syndrome that reduced my average sleep length from 8hrs down to 5.5h. Might install again in the future should I become a more "responsible adult".
 

spinestalker
141 products in account
6
1,480 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
158.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2018
A fine game, marred by outright abuse of the consumers who have already purchased the game. Putting RedShell spyware onto a game after it has been purchased, and forcing it upon us via an after-the-fact EULA change is not just onerous, it is downright anti-consumer.

I won't tolerate this and neither should you. If they already have your money, cease buying anything else from them. If they don't already have your money, cease any idea of giving it to them.

This needs to stop.
 

godofradio
165 products in account
0
2,225 people found this review helpful
68 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,187.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Ok, This is my very first review so it's gonna be extremely confusing and completely baseless.

1.) Let's go with the basic simple review, is this better than Civ 5?
- Eh, it's more flexible i guess. In Civ 5, i either kill everyone and conquer every cities on the planet or just turtle up myself with any number the tradition policies told me too. Districts system is good that you could give your cities their actual characteristic, probably the best part of Civ 6. Eureka systems are good but sometimes lead to repeatitive early game interactions like "Try to kill barbarian with this Slinger" or "Make 2 Galleys", some of them also depend on map RNG.

2.)Is the game well-balanced?
- Lol, nope. Some Civs are very strong since the Ancient Era while some are like playing without any bonuses until Renaissance. Babarian can be annoying most of the time, sometime they went full Genghis Khan and dunk 5 Horsemen into your face on very early game (I think Babarian condition that "If they are any Horse resource nearby, they will make even more Horsemen" are work even with horses in your cities). City-States do something weird as well, some will never make more than 5 units, some will make 10+ units and make traffic on the continent worse than morning rush hours, so ally with some City-state don't improve your army while some could eradicate some armies for you. City start could be very bad or extremely good, coastal start like Spain or England could be pretty bad.
-Edit: Somehow 2K went buffing and nerfing some Civs, Norway, England and Spainish got buffs and Kongo got a nerf.(DLC Civs are still OP, no worry). Barbarians're still annoying, I don't think they touched this part anyway.

3.)Is patching, bug fix or A.I improvement come fast?
-Edit: 2K seem to give out the seasonal patch and update(?), some of it actually make the game better while some of them are pretty bad(like making Alliance with A.I. in latest patches which is pretty annoying)

4.)2K sell so many DLCs, should I support them?
- No idea, Just be yourself. The prices are a little higher than a TCG pack in my country, so i'm not that mad about it.

5.)Should I purchase it now?
-If it's on sale and you will play it right now, yes. If you want to play it later, No, wait for better patch or expansion.

TL;DL: It's good game design and improvement over Civ5, but still need more patches and balancing. The decision is up to you, but for me it worth it, maybe.

Edit: Ok after realize so many people actually read my gibberish review so I guess I will update the update, patching, and some other parts.
 

Keblob
47 products in account
13
412 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
325.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2017
I love this game, but would I buy it full price? No...

I have been playing Civ since the original back in the 90s, and over the years its changed dramatically. Yet even inspite loving this game there are a few things i find really disapointing. But first the stuff I love.........

1: Two Tech Trees
Yea you read that correct, instead of having the old standard tech tree there is a second one that covers your civic abilities. These in hand effect how you govern or opens up more to how you can govern better to your preferred style. For instance one of my favourite abilities from Civ4 'Serfdom' has reappeared and the way this ability works is pretty great.

2: Still Fight Barbarians
in previous games when you reach a certain age or a unit reaches a certain experience I have found that those units no longer gain experience when fighting barbarians, thats now changed. you can still level a unit but unfortunatly its at a very slower rate than if your up against a civilization target. Yet still its good that when you come up against mauraders trying to pillage your sea tiles that you can be rewarded.

3: Districts
At first I wasn't sure if I liked the idea of districts or not but I think the more I play the more I like. The idea behind districts is that your cities are not just on one tile but can spread out over several tiles. This in my opinion can be a blessing or a curse. It can be a blessing if you find the right spot to build a city and there are plenty of boosters for your districts like Mountains or rainforests for science districts. The curse comes more with the lack of space issue. Especially if you land in a location and raise a city only because you find valuable resources, but the city could fail to see its potential due to a lack of district space. The game forces you to make more wiser decisions.


Those are the main likes, here are my main dislikes.....

1: All roads lead to Rome?
Err no they don't, the way you build roads has been redeveloped for some bizare reason and they no longer have the abilities of earlier Civ games. First of all your builders no longer create roads, only traders and a new engineer unit can build roads. If you task a trader to trade with another one of your cities it creates a road on its path. If you use an engineer, the unit only lasts for 2 active turns and then disappears, they seem to be a waste of time imo............ Roads no longer give you any advantage anymore, they don't provide added tile wealth like in previous games, and they don't really offer any movement advance for units, e.g. 3 tiles instead of one, in fact I have seen units avoid roads for some reason.

2: Oh and the same for builders
Thats right, with no modifications your builders only have three active turns, meaning that you can only get them to develop three tiles. So for example in previous games if you wanted to say redevelop a pasture hill with rainforest to build a mine, it might take e,g, 10 turns to do everything from cut down the rainforest and then build the mine, now it take 2 of your 3 goes, one to cut down the trees one to build mine. The only saving grace is that every action is instant, cutting trees take one turn, building a mine is one turn etc etc. I am not entirely sure why the devs have done this, and especially why they have changed the way roads are built and work. my only conclusion is to reduce map congestion, but that should be left to the player to decide. I used to love having a transport ship filled with builders who follow and invasion in case I have used nukes or if I need to redevelop the infastructure. Can't really do that now.

3: Boot polish can make it shine
Well I think in this case there is a distint lack of polish and especially when the game costs £50 - £70 depending on what version you get before any discount is alarming. There are a lot of bugs in this game and things missing that I would expect from previous games from the get go. One bug is when a Civ tries to contact you but then does nothing, the animation is still playing for the civ leader but no pop ups, Why does this happen? Well I have worked out that parts of the game work to quickly, and when the game is catching up the game crashes. This is not a PC speed issue as it would happen all the time otherwise. Another bug which I have experienced and it seems reading the reviews for the game so have others, other leaders are easy to piss off. For instance if you build a wonder or choose a different form of government, other world leaders seem to go into a nerd rage.

Also why do the devs still insist on not having transport ships and forcing one unit per tile, its so redundant and slow, also where are my paratroopers? I love paras as they offer a great dynamic to combat.

4: A lack of consequence
One of the things I loved about Civ4 (imo my favourite version I think) was that every important game changing task you did had concequences. For example, you got caught spying big time, it had consequences, you have developed Nukes, it had concequences. Now nothing does. I had caught a civ trying to steal cash and sabotage districts, and in spite the fact they apologised, they did it again several turn later. I declared war which seemed the only way to stop them, but I turned out to be the bad guy for doing this and ruined the end game because everyone hated me and called me a warmounger. Put this down to a bug or intentional, either way it ruined my game.

5: Out pricing the future
Yep as it seems with all games these days the polish comes in the form of overpriced DLCs. At £25 I think I will wait for the sales before I purchase "Rise and Fall".


It seems that I actually hate this game considering that I put more negatives but I don't, I struggle to hate any Civ game even when newer versions remove the stuff I really loved. I just think that when you make a conscious decision to buy the game you do it knowing the negative points. There is still enough love in this game to make it enjoyable but thats where you as the player come into it.
 

Guvnor Gav
249 products in account
21
200 people found this review helpful
80 people found this review funny 25

Recommended
1,153.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2020
I honestly feel the need to warn people about this game. It's dangerous. What starts as an hour commitment turns into "just one more turn"at 3 am and you're cursing out Alexander the great for just warmongering like the smug bastard he is. 10/10 would spend another 1000+ hours again
 

Shenanigans
17 products in account
2
2,111 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
362.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2018
It is spyware.

Changing the EULA and inserting red shell spyware is an utterly consumer unfriendly move and I disgust
in this behaviour of 2K and Firaxis.

The game it self is also very mediocre.
 

Maarschalk
223 products in account
0
669 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 18

Not Recommended
584.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2021
Owned the game since release and never had problems until the 2k launcher was released. Now I can't even play the game because the launcher tells me to buy it. Why is a launcher necessary? It's not.
 

cant_even_game
102 products in account
0
323 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 32

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 16
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

This is terrible. I was going to play this game for longer, but this definitely puts the break on that choice. I'm uninstalling this game for the time being and I recommend you do the same. I have zero tolerance for companies who pull this sort of stunt on their customer/fan base.
 

Fredrica
5 products in account
0
1,109 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
792.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 9, 2019
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

Besides the fact that the game play is not very fun they added this EULA a while back. I would not purchase this game as it is not a good installment of the Civ Franchise. I attempted to get a refund because of this EULA and steam would not process it. I would think twice before supporting this game or any other that has EULAs like this to sell off your information. Pretty poor business practice and pretty poor of Steam to stand behind it.
 

maverickkman
19 products in account
0
726 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,384.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2018
THE UNCERTIANABILITY FACTOR

I have taken some time creating this review, as I have been a big fan of the Civ franchise for at least a decade (since I have discovered Civ 3). However, upon playing this game, I have noticed that no matter how many times I play Civ 6, I cannot get into it. It's like something was missing in which the previous Civ games had that this one does not. Then it hit me; this game was missing the UNCERTIANABILITY FACTOR.

Now when I say the uncertainability factor, I mean the tiny gray area that makes the game truly unqiue. Where you have just enough room for error that the game could be good or bad for you, where you could do something that you could not in other games, and where you were not entirly sure how the game could truly play out. In other words, the mystery factor of the Civilization games that kept you guessing: "What happens next?"

Now here are a few examples from CIVs 3, 4, & 5 that will help paint a clear picture of what I am talking about:

In Civ 3, I rememmber where you could attempt to sail across the ocean tiles before researching the appropiate tech. In most cases the ships would sink (unless you had the lighthouse wonder), but in those very few instances you could cross those ocean tiles and get away with it (which gave me a sense of happiness each time it happened). This was not the only instance in where there was some kind of flexibity allowing you to get away with acts that could help you or hurt you, as there were also volcanos. It was very hard to know if you built a city next to one or not, resulting in a destroyed city (with its surrounding areas) anytime through out that particular game; it could also happen multiple times in the same area in the same game too. As I stated before, there was a potential of flexibility that could either make or break your game by taking chances.

In Civ 4, there was the randomized event sequence in which gave the player(s) good bonuses or bad ones. It was very randomized & had a large pool of events making it hard to repeat the same ones over and over again (not to mention that anyone of the events could happen at anytime of the game, begining or end). This meant that every game you played was different resulting in playing the best or worst game you ever played. It is worth noting too that your opponents (players or AI) could receive these events at different times as well. For example, your iron resources could be granted additonal production or subtracted depending on the event. Then there is my favorite, hordes of barbarians could suddenly show up next to one of your (or your opponent's) cities and start rampaging. Regardless of what or when these events happened , this brought about a sense of curiousity of "what happens next."

Finally in Civ 5, each resource had a varied amount of resources, resulting in a finite or limited number of strategic units using those same resources. For example, you could find three resources of iron; one having 3 iron, one having 2 iron, and the last one having only 1 iron which resulted in having a potentional of 6 units using iron (unless you went on to find more iron). This made the game very competitive for other players (and AI) to grab these resources as soon as possible. Not to mention too that you could never know how many of those resouces were near you or not. It could be the difference between one civ dominating the classical & medevial age due to having asburd amounts of iron and then crumble in the mordern age due to having very few oil resources. In other words, that the game can change from good to bad, or vis versa, depending on circumstances in the game.

Now I am not saying that these examples, that I have listed, need to be added into the game; but I do beleive that the intent of each one of them represents needs to be addressed. The point is that Civ 6 does not have that uncertainability factor that makes the game a truly unqiue & mystifing expereince as did the last few Civ games had. It has no flexibility, no sense of curiousity of what happens next, and no true game changing sequiences (although the R & F expansion was a good start) that would ultimately define the rest of the game. I want to love this game soooo much....but I can't, not until this missing element is adressed and implemented. I am hopeful that the creators will read this, if it gets enough likes, and understand why Civ 6 is missing a key element that nearly all CIV games have had up until now and take action to solve this.

Thank you all for reading this.
 

reubenjosh
37 products in account
20
1,212 people found this review helpful
25 people found this review funny 135

Not Recommended
37.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2020
Game is actually not bad. But releasing a game as a "Platinum Edition" which cost like 60 bucks, only to then release a "New Frontier Pass" DLC for 40 bucks more is a particularly scummy practice.

We gamers need to band together and only buy it on heavy discount to send them a message. Please don't buy this stuff at full price and signal that this behaviour is acceptable.

Because otherwise what does "Platinum" mean? And where do we go after this? "Triple-quadruple platinum with unobtainium gemstones"? Label is misleading, and they deserve to be punished for that.

Edit: punctuation.

-----

Edit II [22 I 2021]: Wow, this blew up. Thanks for all the points, guys. I thought to address some of the comments. Some valid, some not so much.

Here is the thing, there are people who buy the game at- or near- release, and they have to pay a high financial price for it. Time goes by, game gets cheaper. This is, I daresay, a reflection of economics. It's kind of like going to the cinema when a film first premieres (expensive), and then watching it on Netflix decades later (-almost- free). It seems justifiable for DLC to remain expensive for first-movers. Theoretically there is a first-mover advantage, if nothing more than the fact that multiplayer servers remain more populated. But yes, beyond a certain amount of time (and here I cannot actually say for sure how long), the DLC prices should be moderated.

Secondly, the fact that I paid a bit less for Platinum than someone did is not really relevant to the point. It is kind of like saying, "hey, OP got poked in one eye, she should be happy she didn't get poked in both eyes." I submit, humbly, that we should be going after the rogue eye-poker, instead of the eye-pokee.

Thirdly, someone was saying that marketing is prone to exaggeration. This person, I suggest, is not legally educated. There is a difference between "mere puff" and "misrepresentation." For about 25 years between 1990 and 2015, "Gold", "Platinum" and "Game of the Year" Editions have been known to denote a rather specific arrangement of games, usually to the effect of the inclusion of the base game, together with all the expansions.

Words have meaning. To quote a mediocre film of a good book: "Words offer the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enunciation of truth." If words do not have meaning, then one day you will find yourself served sh*t on a shingle, have that called "breakfast", and you will be happy to eat it even if you aren't.

Something IS wrong here. Fortunately, the market is democratic, and we are the constituents, and we have the power to change things.

I only respectfully ask that we do.
-----
 

Octavia
492 products in account
11
1,466 people found this review helpful
196 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
76.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2018
>be peaceful civilization
>get attacked by AI
>attack AI back
> *You have just activated Warmonger Penalty*
>Continues to be attacked, fights back so civ doesn't die.
>*Other nations are angry at you for being a Warmonger

Why has this not been fixed yet?
 

conspiravision
147 products in account
46
2,416 people found this review helpful
88 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2018
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."
 

Casanova Frankenstein
204 products in account
67
1,024 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
232.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2017
As a lover of Civ 5, it pains me to say that Civ 6 fundamentally fails as a strategy game. The crucial problem of this game is that the vast majority of decisions made by the player ultimately don't matter, and the decisions that do matter will have the same right answer time and time again. In a nutshell, Civ 6 is shallow and repetitive. It doesn't work.

War is always the right answer. The fastest way to a cultural victory is to steal the hard work of a cultural player. The fastest way to science victory is to take over other Civs for their science output. War is also the best way to spread your religion. So by pursuing the domination victory, you inevitably end up doing what is optimal for all other victory types as well. Hence, war is always the right answer and the game is broken.

Diplomacy is broken. It's broken to the point of comedy. For example, Frederick gets mad if you get friendly or become Suzerain of city states. Now heres the question: Is it ever within the players advantage to choose to not become friendly with city states so as to avoid angering Frederick? No, of course not. So what ends up happening is that Frederick will hate you every single game. And what's comical is that every character's agenda is similarly broken and ends up having the same effect as Fredericks. It's inevitable that every AI character will hate you just for playing the game properly. Not to mention that war is always the right answer and war mongering penalty is steep, so it's best to just ignore diplomacy entirely- it's so irrelevant that it's not worth the brain space of thinking about it.

The characters are severely unbalanced. Scythia and Sumeria are unstoppable. Germany is also well above the rest of the cast because of its high production output. It's like they never play tested the game. The special abilities of most of the cast don't matter because they are designed for a Civ game when Civ 6 is a game of war.

The Eureka boosts add to the games repetitiveness. The effect they have is that you end up doing the same actions in the same order over and over again. This reduces the extent to which decisions are made in response to what is going on in the environment. The effect is disastrous in what is already a repetitive game.

The user interface is awful. The game interrupts itself constantly with the same annoying cut scenes. Skipping through them is too slow and they get old fast. Again, it's clear that this game wasn't adequately play tested.

This game is also glitchy. It's gotten better since release, but it's still far from a polished product.

If another player wins the game, it skips immediately to the "defeat" cutscene. It jumps to this cutscene so fast that you don't know who won or by what victory type. This can happen seemingly out of nowhere if the AI gets a non-domination victory (usually a religious victory, I have never seen an AI get anything but a religious victory. It is by far the easiest victory type for the AI against the player- just to mention another thing that is broken). It's extremely frustrating to put many hours into a game only to have it end abruptly. In order to figure out how you lost, you have to select the "just one more turn" option and then do detective work. It's just awful. There's no way this game was play tested.

Ultimately, Civ 6 is game that comes off as lazy and rushed. I gave it many chances and tried my best to appreciate it, but the flaws are too severe. I typically find myself getting bored by turn 20. The repetitiveness is maddening.
 

Bestman1177
38 products in account
34
1,097 people found this review helpful
82 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
893.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2016
TLDR - Interesting choices with city building, good graphics. But AI and diplomacy is broken.

I like the city districts and the strategic possibilities it entails. But it feels like they spent all their time on that mechanic.

Imagine being invited by a nation to help them fight a war, and then get denounced by the SAME country as a warmonger for your troubles. Imagine getting suprised attacked by a nation, defending yourself and taking one of that nation's cities in retaliation and being denounced as a warmonger by that nation and everyone else. Imagine liberating a nation long-dead for millennia, no acknowledgment of thanks, and then being denounced by the same liberated nation as a warmonger. Welcome to Civ VI, where you are hated no matter what you do. And no matter what victory condition you start with, you always end up wanting to nuke the &*$@#^& out of the nations around you. For the first time in all the Civ games I've played I wished there was an option to execute opposing leaders, that's how annoyed I got. Ah to see the eternally annoying Phillip II lose his head, now THAT would be fun...

Wait there's more! Imagine being asked for a gift of resources, plus gold, plus gold per turn. You think to yourself, "I feel generous today" and offer at least the resources and the one-time gold, but not the gold per turn. Well, these entitled pricks will tell you, "Not good enough! We want a gift from you the way WE say it." It's unreal. So back to nuking them. Honestly I cannot understand the thinking that went into the diplomacy, it's the worst I've ever seen. It doesn't just feel unfinished, it's plain bad. As usual your opponents get to say snarky comments and threaten and bully you and you get no options to respond. This has been an issue for me in previous games too, but it's even more exquistely painful in Civ VI.

And the AI does ridiculous things like FLOOD your country with their missionaries and apostles, blocking your path and there's no option to even say, "Hey, can you relax with the religion thing?" I had to declare war multiple times just so I could move around my own empire. And of course, the flood of hate and denouncing hits you from all sides. I played king level and at the end of the game city states still had warriors and even some nations.

This game needed way more playtesting. I hope like other Civ games it improves with patches, but I'm not pre-ordering a Civ game ever again.
 

Ad Infinitum
96 products in account
47
388 people found this review helpful
584 people found this review funny 55

Recommended
133.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2021
spent 59.99 just for it to go on sale to 8 bucks a week later

10/10
 

Magma
62 products in account
15
316 people found this review helpful
395 people found this review funny 49

Recommended
37.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2020
landed on mars as the communist jewish Aztecs in 1955
 

Viserys Gaming
315 products in account
0
180 people found this review helpful
83 people found this review funny 25

Recommended
7,695.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2021
you see the hours what else is there to add?
 

heartless.killjoy
5 products in account
0
598 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
146.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2016
Quick and dirty summary for people transitioning from CIV5.

Pros:
1. Early game is more diverse. You have more decisions to make - and everything you do feels "right"
2. Mid game is incredibly fun. Now that you aren't constantly battling your happiness meters, you have time to focus on your goals. You have many ways of remaining stable in the mid-game and expanding further.
3. Civic tree is now researched just like the tech tree. Both these trees feel like they have a very real and important impact on your strategy and gameplay, without making you feel like you have to constantly check for optimal routes. This is huge.
4. The little things. I can't go over them all, but: linking units, how harbors now work, barbarian AI, naval changes, dipomacy, natural wonders, resources (inc. luxury and strategic), unit upgrades, builders/repairs, and religion all feel so much better in CIV 6. They feel very well designed and not cumbersome at all

Cons:
1. As of now, I think the lategame is worse than in CIV5. It's hard to quantify with my limited playtime but it's not really that much worse. I feel that expansions will offset this.

Overall:
Early and Midgame are SO much better than CIV5. Lategame is slightly worse than CIV5. I think it's beyond worth it. As a base game, it's almost better than CIV5 withall the expansions, so I'm very excited to see how CIV6 expansions help the game out.
 

Doc Holliday
261 products in account
22
480 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
192.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2017
I love the Civilization series. I've grown up playing the series since Civ II, when I was only eight years old. This series has shaped what I know and expect out of any strategy game, and will forever serve as a litmus test to other strategy series. I can play any number of games and genres, but I always go back to Civilization when I grow bored of the others. Keeping this in mind, Civ 6 has been a huge disappointment to me and fails to compare to its predecessors in any way.

Many new features are welcome improvements (though admitedly adapted from other comparable series): the introduction of districts, policies, and changes to various science, espionage, religious, and military aspects. I even warmed up to the art style very quickly in my first playthrough. They carried over enough of the previous games to make it easy for me to pick up and start playing right away. Unfortunately, they left behind the soul of the previous entries.

Civ, for me, has always been a single-player game first, making interaction with the AI one of the most important features in the game. I like how they made the AI react differently to my playstyle. I like that I can have reasons (casus belli) to declare war, drastically reducing warmonger penalties to the AI. Unfortunately, all of this means nothing since the AI is deperately broken. They will declare wars against you and other civs for absolutley no reason, and then beg you for peace, giving you all of their resource. City states will either be technologically inept in the later game, or wildly advanced beyond any civ close to them. Harder difficulties don't make the AI play any better - they just get more settlers and builders to start. It took them six months just to patch the AI to make it playable, but it still needs improvement.

To make matters worse, Firaxis is taking the Paradox route by nickel and diming fans just to get the "bonus" content of new civilizations, which are honestly desperately needed for the enjoyment of replayablility. As of this review, they are charging a minimum of $5 per new civilization. I felt that Civ 4 and 5's expansions were perfect - these expansions brought multiple new civs, leaders, and game changing content, all for the better. Yes, they were more expensive, but they brought so much that they were so worth it. Until sweeping changes come from expansions or patches, I do not recommend purchasing the game at full price in its current state.
 

PretzelMeats
170 products in account
5
98 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
528.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2021
Don't start it before going to bed.

[10/10]
 

Zenzy
229 products in account
0
714 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2016
+Intro video.
The intro is great. Although it is no Baba Yetu, the video combined with the awesome score had me in chills. The last game's intro was really good as well but this one was just spectacular and a great way to introduce players to what will be an extravagant game.

+Main menu.
Very good looking and very intuitive. It is much more simple this time around, with few sub-menus that you have to nagivate just to start or continue a game. The options panel has many, many settings. There is also a "New to Civ VI" advisor option for returning players. There is now a benchmark to test your system.

+Civics and research.
I thought, coming into this, that I would not like a second tree, but it in fact helps to expand the gameplay especially with the addition of governments and policies.
Research now adds more to your game, not just a building and a unit here and there. The game feels like it is tailoring itself for you quicker than it would in Civ V.

+Governments, policies and casus belli.
One thing I thought that I was certain to hate was the removal of social policies and the addition of governments and policies, especially with the card system. However, it has turned out to be very useful especially when you need a specific resource like gold or faith, or if there are many barbarians surrounding you. You can unlock more governments and policies in the civics and research trees.
Casus belli, which is a justification for war, is a great addition to this game. There are many different casus belli in the game. Declaring a liberation war can be used if someone has captured one of your or one of your allies' cities. The warmonger penalty for this is nothing, but only for the recapture of that city. There is a holy war, which is war on a civilization whose religion has been spread to one or more of your cities. All warmonger penalties for this are halved. There is also a reconquest war, protectorate war and a few more.

+Districts.
I also thought that I would dislike districts and having to manage each one and finding space to build each one, pre-planning cities etc. But it had turned out to be a service and a great addition to the game. There are many more district types than I had initially realised. This all sums up to a very unique game.

+Huge maps. Compared to the pre-installed maps in Civ V, these maps are huge and a treat to explore! I recommend setting the amount of civilizations in your game to upwards of 8. It had taken me over 150 turns to find another civ in a game of 8 civs on Continents. I was really starting to question whether there were any other civs or not.

+Great people and promotions. Great people are truly great. Each unique great person has a unique ability, except for the great prophet. This mixes the gameplay up a bit and adds variation.
Promotions now have their own tree. They also heal the unit, not to full health though which is still a very nice feature.

+Trading, envoys, and builders.
Trading takes on a new format which I feel is much more customisable. Traders add roads as they travel and have new bonuses.
Envoys are better ways to handle gifts from city states. You do not have to be an ally (or suzerain) with a city state to receive its bonus, just send an envoy.
Builders now have charges like Great Prophets, Missionaries and Inquisitors did in Civ V. This might seem like a bad thing, but they get the job done on the turn that you order them to do it.

+Game length. In Civilization VI, the developers have stated that they have tried to lower the game length to just get through everything faster. This is definitely a positive thing. Before this game was released, I started a Standard Speed game from Ancient era in Civilization V. After playing for around 10 hours, I was in the industrial era. After around 10 hours on Standard from the Ancient era in Civilization VI, I have almost completed the Research and Civics trees.This helps to filter out all of the repetitiveness and the waiting around and it does a good job at that.

+Graphics. The graphics, which can be considered cartoony, I don't mind. The graphics in Civilization V were definitely more realistic than they are in Civilization VI. This doesn't particularly bother me, I don't mind how the graphics look. If anything, the graphics look quite nice. If it bothers you, then consider everything else in the game before you decide to not buy it.

+-AI. The AI in the game is okay. The only reason that the AI isn't a negative for me is because I like that they have agendas and the gossip features and how they react to some things that you do. After watching the AI match and reading peoples' complaints, it looks like the AI has multiple issues, like the placement of districts and expanding their civilization. The AI would also declare war and then make a peace treaty soon after. There were pillaged tiles and sitting units for most of the game. These things don't particularly bother me. I can still play a game fine with these issues but it looks like it really riles people up.

+-Few glitches at launch. From launch, the game has very few glitches. However, here are some which I have enoucntered. Mousing over the messages which appear on the right of the screen as they did in the previous game does not always reveal what the message is. You need to fiddle with your mouse a bit for it to finally show. Also, meeting a new city-state has three separate messages and it would be nice if they were incorporated into one to unclutter the screen. The game does have a system of making multiple messages into one. It should do this for these city state messages.

-Amenities, housing and others. Although it can be fun to micromanage these small additions, it feels more like Cities: Skylines than Civilization in this respect. Being able to queue productions was a neat part of Civ V, but it has been removed from Civ VI.
 

doc
122 products in account
23
708 people found this review helpful
64 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
184.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2017
This game has some of the worst AI I have ever seen. The game introduced a newish idea, that each civilization, in addition to victory goals, would be driven by their own personal reasons. For example, the vikings like anyone with a strong navy, egypt anyone with a strong army, brazil hates anyone who gets lots of great people, and china hates anyone who builds a lot of wonders. This had potential to make games more complex, as it would allow you to form alliances that catered to your goal, and the goals of the AI.

In practice, the system is horribly done. Let's go through a few turns of meeting the Vikings:

Turn 1: Oh hi! We found the vikings

Turn 2: Oh they won't accept our gifts? That's weird

Turn 4: Vikings: "Your navy is s***, we denounce you!"

Turn 7: Vikings: "Your navy is still s***, we declare war"

You then spend about 20 turns at war, taking some cities

Turn 28: All other AI "Warmonger. Warmonger. We declare war"

How does that make any sense? Gorgo, one of the leaders of Sparta, will actually attack you for being weak, because they hate the weak. And the warmonger system makes 0 sense, as well. If someone declares war on you, and you take one of their cities in return, you are a warmonger. Did they capture some of your cities in a previous war, and you took them back? Warmonger. Another AI asked you to go to war with them to take out a second AI? Well now they both think you are a warmonger. It is absurd.
 

Sabnock
386 products in account
30
104 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
121.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2021
Finally hit 100 hours, so I'm going to finally leave a review. Civ 6 is a fantastic 4x game that in my opinion is an improvement on civ 5. However, there is one caveat. The two main DLCs are essential for the game to be great (not the frontier pass). I highly suggest you wait for a sale to pick up the game with the DLCs for the best experience. If you are on a budget and can't get the DLC, just buy civ v with the DLC (pretty cheap, since game is old) as that is a better experience than base civ 6. But with the DLC, the mechanics and turn to turn decisions are a huge improvement, even rising above civ v + DLC. If you are a civ v veteran, give this game a try with an open mind, its going be different, but once you learn the mechanics you will fall in love with the game. A lot of civ v players hate districts at first, but once you understand them and learn how to play with them, you will find that you will probably actually prefer the district system. Districts add depth and interesting decisions when deciding on district type and placement.

Civ 6 + DLC: 9/10
Base Civ 6: 6/10
 

Wyatt
291 products in account
8
545 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2018
Coming from Civ V was looking forward towards a new interpretation of the old CIV formula. I must say some elements like policies and civics, new graphics and the district system is interesting and brings some new spice to my favoprite podcast game.

BUT

The AI is downright broken. No matter what you do you end up in war, i.e. the AI declares war on you for the most idiotic reasons. This forces you towards a military focused gameplay style but it gets worse. You get egregious warmonger penalties, even if you are just defending yourself in a war started by others. So, I defeat the aggressor and take a few of his/her cities for compensation? --> Warmonger. Idiotic.

Furthermore, no matter what you do the AI seems to dislike you. My worst example is after sending missionaries to Kongo and spreading my religion. Immediately afterwords I get denounced by Kongo for NOT spreading my religion to them!

TL;DR: Solid game ruined by the AI and no support / fix from the devs.

If you buy do so on deeeeeeeeeeeep sale, especially since you will be charged an arm and a leg for the expansions.
 

Reggae Gandalf
152 products in account
0
127 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
596.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2021
Ok, I've had every Civ game in the history of civilization and I'm finally ready to give Civ VI my review. Lots of "old" civ players like me remember the days of the doomstacks and alot of hate came when they were removed from the game, heck even I had trouble feeling the love for the new one tile one unit system, but it really does make the game more strategic, and the districts... well... it gives you more things to consider when building your cities and makes cities more specialised. Now why did I wait until I've played 280 hours to make this review? Truth is it has NOTHING to do with the amout of hours I've played it has EVERYTHING to do with the amount of hours my wife has played. I bought her this game just a week ago and she has already put in 70 hours and if that is how caught up a person all new to the franchise can get, then there is no doubt in my mind this game deserves a thumbs up. I've already heard her say "just one more turn" several times before comming to bed. #CivAnon
 

Rustü
919 products in account
0
1,194 people found this review helpful
46 people found this review funny 104

Not Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 1
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

This is terrible. I was going to play this game for longer, but this definitely puts the break on that choice. I'm uninstalling this game for the time being and I recommend you do the same. I have zero tolerance for companies who pull this sort of stunt on their customer/fan base.
 

✟Jeffrey Hearn✟
1 product in account
37
420 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,896.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2018
I've enjoyed every milestone addition to the franchise up until this one (starting at civ3). Districts do nothing for me. They're goofy and make your cities not feel like cities. Trade routes are clunky and a constant annoyance, especially once you get to the Renaissance era and beyond.

The AI has annoying tendencies such as sudden deluges of denouncements / wars that come out of nowhere, presumably related to the difficulty setting. Nevermind that a far off nation has never encountered one of your units or you one of their's (except for that first explorer), and nevermind that they don't have the ability to travel across the planet to even engage you, seems like there's just some counter that says you should be at war with 4/10 nations bc of your difficulty setting. And then 30 turns later you make peace after no shots fired, they pay you and are happy with you again.

You blow through eras without being able to build any units from that era bc it took too long to build things from previous eras before you advanced to the next (regardless of whether you're going for a scientific victory or not).

Sean Bean is great, though.
 

SonOfDis
26 products in account
7
165 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
1,161.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2021
amazing game, awful launcher. Played over 500 hours and suddenly it tells me I don't own the game.
 

Emma Lee
92 products in account
0
1,104 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
917.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2018
OK, Steam asks me for a review (after I got a "free weekend play" offer, managed to squeeze 20 hours)...
I am an old guy (40+ yo), played Civs since Civ1, spent my teen years playing Civ2 (and 3), didn't like Civ4 much, spent over 2800 hours on Civ5 and still going (still 3 civilizations to play-and-win).
I will write this review for all Civ5 fans out there, thinking the almighty "Is it worth it yet?" question.

It's not. At least not yet.

What did I like:
- refreshed government types (early goverment types unlock very few benefits, later ones more and more) - think "they replaced Policies with it"),
- interesting City District mechanics (still didn't fully wrap my head around it, but I only played 20h or so), making Cities physically large, occupying 10+ hexes),
- trade routes now establish roads automatically (oh, and wokers now "expire" after few uses so you only use them to build farms/mines/etc but not roads),
- Corps/Fleet idea (you can join 2-3 units of same type to create a stronger version with bigger punch; useful if you're hopelessly outgunned by tech-superior opponent, your swordsmen against his riflemen).

What I didn't like:
- cartoonish graphics (I realize developers want to introduce 12yo's to this game, but they clearly forgot about veteran gamers), especially irritating on diplomacy screens, I don't think I will ever get used to it,
- seems it's made for tablets, not PCs (aforementioned graphics, everything is click-click-click - not much of keyboard control),
- reports are clunky compared to Civ5 (try to list all your military units, to see if they need upgrading etc, I dare you; try to easily see which of your cities has most production/science/...),
- diplomacy is a joke; while I like Cassus Belli (a "reason" to start a war to minimize your warmongering score) it's only the player needs it, AI will be constantly starting wars with you, even if moment ago they were showing smily face (icon representing your standing with them), and then when you pummel them to dust (hey, they started!) all other AIs will start hating you for warmongering,
- oh, and they will be denouncing you every 5 turns or so, and that's the video sequence you have to wait through (and THEN click "OK, done"), making turns longer and longer (the "denounce" is used by players to start wars; it's not really used by AI for nothing else)
- not to mention that scary Gilgamesh looks like a Asterix-or-Obelix cartoon. He was my friend for ages, and then he hated me, and then my "free weekend" expired to I couldn't put him to his Disney-like grave.

What is interesting but needs improving:
- the Eureka system. Great idea ("if you use archers all the time for war, it should be much easier for you to develop crossbows"), but flawed execution. Some Eurekas are triggered by luck ("find a natural wonder to speed up research on X"), some by something-way-too-easy ("build a Niter mine to speed up research on Rifling, 3 or 4 eras (!) ahead of you"), and some are just insane ("build 3 units of this brand new thing to speed up following research", where research takes 30 turns, and building that brand new unit takes 25 turns),
- new World Wonders; some are overpowered (Big Ben!), some are useless ("Chicken" Itza it's now just that, it just improves jungle tiles in this single city alone and takes 80+ turns to build, WTF?).

I know DLCs change the game. I will still wait and read reviews once every while to see if anything changed. But for now...
Verdict: do not buy (yet?), stick to Civ5.
 

conyo
253 products in account
65
1,160 people found this review helpful
121 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
337.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2016
Civ 6 had me hooked and playing late into the night for 80+ hours on "King" Difficulty for the past few weeks. So its doing something right at least. However even with all its greatness I have to not recommend it at this time. Civ 6 has a few issues that are infuriating to the point I did not want to play the game anymore even when I felt the "One more turn" urge to keep playing.

First the changes that made me love Civ 6;

-Art style: I actually like the style, especially the map fog which I assume everyone likes.
-Barbarians: Holy jebus they can actually be a challange to deal with. Even late game when you least expect it.
-Districts/Wonder Placement: Actually make city placement and specialization more thought provoking and fun.
-Tech/Culture Eureka/Inspiration: Another good feature that can effect your gameplay style of a game.
-Great Persons: if you want em you gotta go after them vigorously. And they range from "Oh neat" to "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THATS AWESOME"
-Various other things but here comes the long rant...

Now the things that made me wonder what I was doing with my life playing Civ 6 (Mostly AI related);

-UI/Infromation: So much detailed information is just GONE from Civ 5. You gotta memorize your luxurious resource trade deals because the game will not tell you how many you had in total or who you traded it to/from. You have no clue how well religion is spreading. You cannot look at Units special abilities. Combat Numbers do not accurately indicate the amount of damage your unit will deal. You have no way to look at deal historys with other civs. the "Gossips" tell you everything you don't need to know, from england building a granary to your civ trading with another civ the turn you setup a trade deal.

-AI Agendas/Diplomacy: First off, the Agenda system is not a bad "Idea" its just the AI does not execute it correctly in relation to diplomacy and AI Insanity. Bottom line, if you are doing well, they will hate you, leading to all the AI denouncing eachother as well. If you manage to find ONE AI that tolerates you enough to become an Ally, they will do everything in their power to not be your friend/ally behind the scenes. Like declaring war on you for no reason.

-Ai Combat Tactics/Peace terms: Speaking of declaring war, the AI are so bad at tactical combat that the Barbarians can wipe them out given the minor opportunity. They tend to fall behind in higher Tech Units because they don't upgrade their units usually. Also I think they were either programed to be complete panzies or their military command give out their orders in different languages to each unit. Because 90% of the time they will not attack anything in melee unless they can one shot it. If their HP drops to 60% that unit will run away. This leads them to just shuffle outside completly outmatched cities with a single archer able to fend off 10-15 units by himself without them even attacking the city. then the AI goes pants on head retarded and decides all hope is lost and will give you EVERYTHING they own for peace.

-AI General AI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ insanity: The AI in Civ 6 are more akin to an Alien then a human player because they act insanely random. I would say they act like Civ 5 Ghandi but at least he was predictable with his madness. "We have been best friends for thousands of years sharing trade and tech-DECLARES WAR ON YOU" "Wanna do a joint war against this Warmongering prick burning down my cities? YOU ARE A WARMONGERER!" They are such massive hypocrites like the Joint War example. EVERYTHING they ask you to stop doing, They are currently doing to you but x10, Units near borders in particular even if its a single unit 2 tiles away in your own ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ territory while they have a massive army IN your borders.

-War, War Never Changes, (Except it does for the worse): War in Civ 6 is now a huge pain in the ass because unless you declare war on people within 20 turns of the game, WARMONGERING. even the casus belli's do nothing to change this (Except Liberation wars which never happen because nobody likes you), the "Severity" of Warmongering penalties translate to "How long they will hate my guts" not "How much they will hate my guts" so no matter how justified your war is, everyone will denounce you for declaring war on anyone, even the people who joined the war with you. Because you are a heartless bastard marching your forces to go punch that genocidal civililization in the face, who kick puppies for fun. Next on the agenda of war is "War Weariness" this as a good mechanic that falls off the mark due to its execution. Because yes it makes it so you cannot just be at war forever and kill everyone. But it screws over the AI while it forces the player in the late game to keep wars in short increments or have all your cities get pissy. This screws over the defender/AI because War Weariness skyrockets in cities being fought around. probably why the AI caves and throws everything they have at you, I've sieged a city and within 2-3 turns barbarians spawned around it and it turned into a 3-way fight.

-Last but not least, PACING: The games pace is so wrong, without rushing science you will have nukes by the Napoleonic Era. Epic game speed is the old standard speed. You will never stay long enough in one era to enjoy it. Finally once you hit the Atomic Era the game speed kicks into high gear rushing the game into a suddon stop. You will get the coolest tech and units 5 turns before you achieve a Science victory, possible to not even get them with a Culture victory.

I've stopped playing my current game because of these problems which I desperately hope get patched or something as there is a game in here that I love. but I can't play it without feeling like I'm a cat chasing blind deaf and stupid mice to a finish line on the counter. sure there are many ways to get onto the counter and the mice "could" reach it. but one jumped off the counter, another pissed in my cat-bowl, the final one thought we were buddies then had a brain aneurysm and tried to bite me but had no teeth and just gnawed on me

And before you say "Raise the Difficulty." thats just tying rope to the mice to pull them towards the goal faster. They are still Blind Deaf and Dumb.
 

Gremlin
218 products in account
43
895 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
463.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2017
I don't usually write reviews, but I was so, so disappointed with Civ VI and 8 months on, nothing has changed that feeling. I'd say that as of now, if anyone is thinking of buying the game, just get Civ V for a fraction of the price and wait for some actually interesting DLC to be released for Civ VI, or maybe a really big sale. Full price is a joke right now...

I played 380 hours of Civ V, and I loved it. I pre-ordered Civ VI as soon as it was announced. Whoops.

While a couple (and no more than just a couple) of features were exciting and fun (such as the city districts), the majority of the game felt so, so similar to Civ V. My impressions were that it was essentially a nice mod for Civ V. No where near worth $60. I'm hoping some DLC will invigorate the game and change it up, but 8 months later and they've only released $25 of civilization/scenario packs. Which is also insulting, as these civilizations add nothing new to the game.

On top of only feeling like a modded Civ V, they didn't fix any of the major issues of Civ V - mainly, the crappy AI. If anything, they've made it worse by adding more reasons for the AI to randomly hate you. I've found that once a rival civilization hates you (which can start very early and for very little reason), it's just going to be all-out war for the rest of the game, with a few turns of peace scattered throughout. There's no respite. Not that you necessarily need it, as the AI is also stupid and incapable of conducting a proper war or assault. And then you get warmonger penalties, and so everyone else hates you as well. It takes the whole element of diplomacy out of the game.

There are just so many cons to Civ VI, and only a couple of pros. The changes from Civ V are mostly aesthetic, which should never cost $60. I'm really hoping there'll be some REAL DLC coming soon to breathe some life back into the game. I'll never pre-order a Firaxis game again.
 

TurtleLake
289 products in account
14
243 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
3,945.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2018
To whom it may concern,

Here are the pros and cons for Civ 6:

Pros:
1. Easy to learn and very begginer friendly, especially those new to 4X and turn based strategy games
2. It looks for very good and the artwork (except for some leaders) is wonderful. Seriously, compared to any other 4X game Civ 6 is just stunning.
3. Its just a very fun game

Cons:
1. The AI is just absolutely horrible. Just completely sucks. At lower difficulty levels it's very stupid, and at the higher difficulty levels, its still just as stupid and makes the same mistakes. It just gets so much more starting resources to try to make it challenging, but any experienced player will tell you, that instead of being challenging and rewarding, it makes it, boring, tedious, grindy and repetitive.
2. Some UI features that should have been standard (like having a Production Queue) aren't [art of the base game and need a UI mod to significantly improve the game.
3. Because the Civ series has always had a strong emphasis on the single player part of the game, the different civs are NOT balanced for multiplayer, which really ruins the multiplpayer experience.

Overall, I would give Civ 6 a 6.5 out of 10 and with a UI mod installed it's a 7.5 out of 10. I would reccomend it to players that are new to the 4X and turn based strategy game genres and fans of previous Civ games will enjoy it. If you are an experienced 4X or strategy gamer and looking for a challenge, you probably will not enjoy Civ 6 and I would not reccomend this for you (Seriously the Ai is garbage).

I hope this review was helpful. Thanks for reading.
 

Sakura Hekmatyar
42 products in account
10
1,201 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 131

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2020
Found out CIV 6 was sending DNS queries to "metrics.ol.epicgames.com" every 2m for 9hrs yesterday on my multiplayer game. I value my privacy (DNS blocking with a pi-server) and am now assuming, based on the EULA-type reviews, that this Epic Games EOS service (which a lot of people are calling Spyware) replaced the Red Shell ad-tracking service in 2018. However, now it's probably worse. Cannot rename/delete "EOSSDK-Win64-Shipping.dll" (Published by Epic Games, Inc) or else the game crashes on startup. Have blocked their API & metrics domain & will see what happens the next multiplayer.

As far as the game is concerned, it crashes all the time for me on DX12 mode & the June2020 update has only made things worse (check the discussions). The tutorial for "People new to CIV" was the worst I've ever experienced. Game is buggy ESPECIALLY in multiplayer. Had multiple de-syncs & lag issues (we're all 60-70ms) in our Multiplayer party, with 2 of us crashing at different points.

Please fix the graphic issues, poor multiplayer experience, & shady metrics collection to make this game better.
 

UnholySpaniard
76 products in account
0
320 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
129.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2017
Although it pains me to do this, I have to give Civilization 6 a thumbs down.
It's just not fun. After a few games of this I just went back to playing V.

I'll try to list everything I find positive about the game over V:
Instead of passively impressing every city state just for existing, you now have a new system that encourages you to influence your favorites.
Religion now matters, as a Victory.
Vastly different Civilization abilities almost make each game feel unique.
Much easier moddability.
Sean "I am Fond of Pigs" Bean's narration is fantastic, it is one of the few things that never gets old about this game.
Now the, unfortunately, longer list of Cons. Especially downgrades from V:
Everything feels restrictive, especially the Eureka/Inspiration System.
The Eureka/Inspiration was designed to give players a boost depending on what they do, but it has the exact opposite effect instead.
Every time you play, you'll want the boosts. You'll build exactly three Crossbow Men, you'll always found at least one coastal city, and you'll always go around trying to maximize your boosts.
Contrast this with Civ 5, where I'd usually find myself in a sticky situation when I focused too much on buildings, and there could be Civs without access to water. Every game was actually unique, and strategies might have to adapt.
Diplomacy is an absolute joke. Several AI Civs will hate you for performing well, and the others will hate you after you annex an entire country "In Self Defense" when another AI attacks you for no reason.
There is only one way to win, more cities. In V you could dominate the game with only a few cities, in 6 you have to blob (and the AI is terrible at it).
The AI is an absolute joke. The only threat they pose is that they'll break every single promise the turn after they make it.
Decentralizing cities is supposed to make it look like urban sprawl and give a tactical choice to city development, but I'm a real "Make Every City Amazing" kinda guy and it really bothers me. It doesn't feel like your city is progressing.
Speaking of progress, that's another thing Civ 6 lacks. Eras don't really feel like they're progressing, just going through the motions. Your territory doesn't feel like a vast expanse, but a disjointed mass of cities. It feels like you're just playing a game, not building a Civilization.
A real shame, I was very excited about Civ 6. I kept looking online every day to see which Civ would be included, wondering who would show up next. Over the past year I've played a few games, but kept feeling something was missing.
Civilization 6 is just not fun, and that's tragic. Hopefully a future patch can change this sad game into something great.
 

Silver Felyne
252 products in account
7
883 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
112.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2017
A direct downgrade from Civ V with a predatory DLC policy and inability to reliably use workshop content.

The Good

Civ VI's district system is, in my opinion, a great innovation in city management, as it means that one city can't produce everything for the empire. The fact that wonders now take up a tile slot adds to this, and the result is that turtling isn't as effective a strategy anymore and one city can't house literally 90% of the world's wonders. District management means planning is paramount.

The Bad

This game launched with few leaders, some of whom were near reskins of existing ones. Firaxis has decided that it's okay to ship the same civ with a different leader, which only changes one of the unique characteristics of a civ, and call that differentiation. The game is also unbalanced. If you don't have DLC, you will always square off against either Sumeria or Scythia in the late-game, because they are extremely powerful civs. If you do have DLC, you will face whatever civ is a DLC civ.

Each game feels hardly different than any other because the civ variety is so low. Each game feels like you're fighting the same seven enemies with the same two always coming out on top.

The Ugly

Civ VI employs a predatory system of DLC release. DLC civs are objectively more powerful than base-civs, making Civ VI essentially pay-to-win. A single civ will cost you $5 since it comes bundled with a bunch of useless crap like scenario packs that you'll never play. FURTHERMORE, and this deserves its own paragraph:

-----

Sid Meyer's Civilization VI frequently encounters frustrating crashes with ANY form of Workshop DLC, INCLUDING UI mods.

-----

You'll notice that my profile has ~99 hours of gameplay in Civ VI. At least 5 of that is just bug fixing. Here is a list of bugs I have had that is in no way complete, but what I can remember off my head:

* Crashing from launch screen
* Build/Culture/Bottom-Right button not working at all
* Units not moving to the space I click on
* Almost every single patch to this game will require you to not only disable, but UNINSTALL FROM THE FILE FOLDER every single piece of Workshop DLC content you have ever downloaded, and chances are you still won't be able to use DLC content even with a reinstallation.
* Unit icons not displaying

And lastly, the single most ugly thing about this entire game, worse even than the frequent crashes, predatory DLC policy, and inability to use Workshop content:

After an entire year and two major updates, this game does not have production queues.

Every single time you complete a production, you need to do another. It's incredibly micro-intensive. "But wait!" I hear you say, "I can just get a UI mod from the Workshop to fix that!" To which I say, no, you can't. Civ VI won't run Workshop content without breaking instantly.

Go buy Civ V.

Edit: To those that are saying Endless Legend started the district system, they didn't-- at least not as it's used here. Endless Legend's districts allow the city to utilize all benefits of extra tiles or adjacencies. There is nothing preventing you from building any building you want in any city in EL. Civ's district system is innovative because it prohibits building certain buildings without the prerequisite district.
 

Cruza;Complex
150 products in account
30
216 people found this review helpful
310 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
365.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 2
Very good game. Sadly it helps you remain a virgin.
 

VirginBoii
13 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
146.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 29
This game is dangerous if you have a family
 

Mr. Joba
319 products in account
0
226 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
4,023.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2016
RECOMMENDED BUT

There are quite a few reviews out of this game allready, not to many with my playtime. I have waited till I got a good view on some of the things that can be adressed and improved upon.
I will try to use screenshots if I am able but since I am writing this review when I came back from work, please excuse any typo's and other faults you come across.

I loved civ 5 and was looking forward to this game a lot. Let me state that this is BY FAR the best base release of a civilization itteration. many of you will remember CIV:BE, a game that I personally liked in all honesty.

There are quite a few things different from civ 5, they recommend that you use the tutorial if you are new to the game. ALthough it helps a little it doesn't explain how different mechanics work in the game.

They stated that they have put a lot of work into the civilopedia. Personally I don't think that it is very helpfull, it gives base information about certain aspects of the game. I highly recommend reading the darn manual :D It is a good read and a lot more helpfull than a civilopedia thingy.

The game

As in all civ games you start with a settler and a warrior, the settler is used to found (start up) cities, now however there is one hell of a big thing to reconsider and that is the availabillity of fresh water.
You can use map overlays to let you show where the best spot is to found cities, the main rule, the more green, the better. Also different from past games, in order to have a harbor you do not need a coastal city, you can use a district to place one. More of that later.

Research
The research is split into 2 groups, one for your basic research (as you are used to in civ 5) and one civics tree. Although I like the concept it is way to easy to advance in both trees. When you play the game you get them EUREKA moments. It is when you, for example, found a city near the water, that you get a boost (50 percent) of a particular science. This is just to powerfull and the sole reason I researched both trees before (LONG BEFORE) I won the game. This needs to be adressed but for new players this will be helpfull because it makes the game easier.

Artificial unintelligence

The AI in this game is better then CIV BE but thats not hard to accomplish, it simply isnt on par at the moment with what you would have expected after the heralds of wow moments of the online reviewers.
AN example, I am in the atomic erra, one of the AI forces (let's say spain) declared war on me, rightfully so because I like to fight, a lot but my friends know that. SO he attacks me, with spearmen, crosbows and pikemen. SO no biggie, I have tanks and bombs, planes and helicopters. They lost, the game is so badly optimized for the AI that I was able to declare war on every singly faction and still won. The AI does NOT upgrade the units they have, that's a shame.

WAR, what is it goood for....
Here is another important change from civ 5, the community seems devided, I myself, am still not sure what I think of it.

In Civ 5 you had happiness, or you didnt had any because you took to many wars, here you have amenities. They take some time to get used to, in short you manage city per city and not glabally. In every city you have amenities, they can come from luxaries (spice and diamonds and things like that) or constructions and wonders, you must be made aware that the more cities you have, the harder it is to get the cities in a happy state.
The resources (as I have come to understand it, I may be wrong) is that of every resource you get 4 quantities and no more, so the 5th city will need a different resource to make them happy. It is hard to explain but once you play the game it becomes clearish.
Now, what I do for dominination victory (you need all capitals for the win) is to raze cities that are NOT important to me, you will NEED to do this when you capture the city because you cant raze a city 5 turns later, thats a huge difference and I like to compare this to civ 4. You can not raze cities that have been capitals.

Builder formally know as Worker
Edited with the help of Iskandar Udaijin vi Brittania

The maximum amount of charges if you are not China is actually 6 (pyramids + certain economic policy), and as China the maximum number is 7.

They kinda work the same as in civ 5 but not completely, if you choose a work for them to do (mining, farming etc) they do it INSTANTLY. They can do it (for most civilizations) 3 times at the start of t he game, this can be improved with research later on, I think a max is 5 charges?
Once the chargers are used up, the unit dissapears, everytime you use a charge one man will be shown less than a fully charged unit 3 -->2 ---->1 and then nada

Units

They have added a lot of new units and still I think they could have done more. With research you can now link up to 3 units of the same type in armies (land units) or armada's (sea units)
They show this with stars in the shield of the unit. I wish they would have used a different method, one artilliry is one unit and if you link a second artilliry, in my opinion, it should have been visualized as 2 artilleries and then one more for 3 units. Now you get the same representation, one unit but if it is an army, yay, you get 3 stars in its shield. But for the UPT haters this is a nice middleway. I hope modders will add my idea into the game later on.

I am tired and will need to end this, to sum some things up that are very unclear to new players:

Walls

Walls can be build once you have made the proper research, when you have completed the research you can build ancient walls, with these walls your cities can bombard enemies in your land. Without these you are a sitting duck and you will loose cities faster then you can say omg.
Now there is a bug I have found, once you have researched a certain civic, walls become obsolete, it doesn't tell you this. You can see this by going into the city build menu and try to build upgrades for your walls (ancient ---> Medieval--->renaissance) They will be greyed out.

A bug? 
A Screenshot of Sid Meier's Civilization VI
By: Veetoo

This happens after researching this civic below

Walls obsolete, hint to myself, always read the pop up's 
A Screenshot of Sid Meier's Civilization VI
By: Veetoo


Unit list

Many ask where the button is to see what and where your units are, they placed it in a rather weird place.
At the lower right (after you have clicked a random unit of you on the map, click on the name (for example warrior), a list of your units will pop up.


Button for the units in your army (unit list) 
A Screenshot of Sid Meier's Civilization VI
By: Veetoo


Renaming cities and units

For the moment you can NOT rename cities, this is a weird design on their part, I hope it gets included later on.
Renaming units is possible when they have reached level 2, when you click on a unit that has earned a promotion (level 2) you will see a feather, click on that and you will be able to rename your unit and get an achievement in the same process for that :D

So bare this in mind. I will add things later but this massive wall of text is getting out of hand, if you have any questions, do not hesitate to ask me.
 

Veetoo
294 products in account
19
928 people found this review helpful
102 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2018
Humble for 12$? easy.
 

Will
413 products in account
35
150 people found this review helpful
49 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
50.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2021
Clicking end turn makes the happy chemical in my brain
 

The Witch King
255 products in account
0
543 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2017
Civilization 6 is a good game, but not if you compare it to Civilization 5, which is just a much better game. Civ 6 does some things better than Civ 5, like for example the district system, the finished wonder animations, culture, great people, espionage and trade routes. Some things that I liked in Civ 5 are worse in civ 6, like statistics, map, A.I, resources and religion.

One thing that might be insignificant to you is the map showing owned water tiles as if they were land tiles. To me that is just a fun killer since I love looking at the map to see the empire I have created. In this system it just looks like a blob instead of an empire.

The A.I in Civilization 6 is pure garbage. In one game I played I had declared war ONCE in the entire game. One time in 354 turns (1932 A.D) and every single A.I denounced me for being a warmonger when I did it on like turn 100, and renewed their warmonger denouncements continualy through the rest of the game, despite me not starting a single war since then. I think this is why the A.I for some reason counts wars declared against you as you being a warmonger, which is just beyond stupid.
- The A.I is also incapable of fighting human players. All I did to win every single war was to just sit there and do nothing until the A.I gave up. They send like one or two units into my land and that's it. I play on immortal difficulty.
- The A.I mocked me by saying my economy was weak and that I would go bankrupt soon...I had the strongest economy in the game.
- Diplomacy...

I might be overly harsh on this game, but that is only because I have like 2.000 hours on Civ 5, and I'm making a lot of comparisons between Civ 6 and Civ 5. It seems like they're doing the same "mistake" they did with Civ 5, where the game was fixed through multiple expensive DLC's.

At Civilization 6's current state, I will say you're better off just buying Civilization 5 if you don't have that.

This is a subjective review, so treat it as such.
 

Alber
282 products in account
10
648 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
268.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2017
There is so much to love about CIV VI. The new multi-hex city development is fantastic, a vast improvement on the old ‘single hex’ city. You now have to plan, and think ahead as to how you will develop your city. The way builders now work, while feeling odd at first, now makes sense. Again, a huge improvement.

But, and I am afraid it is a big but. Diplomacy. Not only is it childish on occasions, as to why a CIV declares war on you, it blatantly lies to you. Then you get the ‘Diplomacy Spam’. Politely refuse to allow a CIV into your capitol, and they will come back almost every three or four turns and keep asking you. Not annoying and doesn’t break immersion? Try creating a custom single player game with the max allowed A.I. CIVs. It’s verging on unplayable. The full screen displomacy uses, adds to this frustration.

Then we have that old chestnut Religion. It’s just not worth the effort to create one. Your cities will get swamped relentlessly, as A.I. CIVs constantly swamp your land in order to convert your cities.

CIV VI has the potential to be the greatest CIV game ever. But right now, it’s a long way off and a missed opportunity.

As I have to either recommend it or not, I cannot in all honesty fully recommend it. In reality, its somewhere in between the two.


EDIT

One thing I forgot to mention. The initial civ starting positions. It’s ludicrous. You can have a huge size map but the civs will all be right close in to you. Huge swathes of land will be completely empty. There is no space.

Edit 2

Religion has indeed improved. That has to be said.
 

OFFC_65
153 products in account
24
319 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
4,086.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 17
I recommend AGAINST purchasing this title due to its instability and constant crashing. Recent updates have made the game nearly unplayable.
 

needmorename
146 products in account
0
436 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
119.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2017
TL;DR: At the current state I cannot recommend this game. Not until the issues with the AI mechanics have been truly addressed.

Civilization is one of my absolute favorite game brands so I was naturally really excited about the Civilization VI and also preordered the game. The reason for my late review is that my laptop unfortunately broke fairly soon after the release and I was without a PC until only very recently.

After around a hundred hours I've now reached the conclusion that this game has a few core issues in how the AI acts that make it extremely frustrating and hard for even the most open-minded player to fully enjoy the game. I've tried my very best to overcome the downsides for the sake of the many upsides and enjoy the game. However in the end I just can't overcome the main downside of the game. The graphical design is fantastic and the game packs with many welcomed ideas or enhancements like the districts and new wonder placement, day-night cycle, new city state mechanics and the beautiful drawn map.

A major thing the Civilization V was lacking was a proper diplomacy and that's what Firaxis wanted to upgrade in the 6th installment of the series. The ending result was the idea being great but the implementation not that much. In this review I will focus on those few major points that keep me from recommending this game despite how much I love it otherwise.

The AI constantly denounces you for unrealistic reasons. A few of them being: "your military is too weak", "you have so much that I do not" (having one other luxury resource that the AI doesn't), "you have accuired more great people than I have", "you have a different coverment policy than I have" or "you haven't spread your religion to my city yet". It's absolutely frustrating when you try your best to be friendly with the AI but the relationship either starts right off negative or ends up going there very swiftly. In short the AI most of the time thinks and acts like a very close-minded pessimist.

The other negative aspect of the game goes hand-in-hand with the issue I mentioned above. All the AI Civilizations are more or less warmongers that seek any possibility to declare war on you. My "best" experience was when in a very early game (below turn 50) I met an AI and they immediately declared war on me. This was followed by every other AI in the game (3) declaring war on me one by one during the next couple of turns. Half of these AI's I had not even met yet. What makes the situation more absurd is that every time when you counter the attack of an AI who has declared war on you, the other AI's denounce YOU as a warmonger. "The world shall know truth about you". How does that make sense?

The recent Australia update supposedly came with minor adjustments and tuning for the AI as well but I honestly can't see much of an improvement. The core issues are still there. Instead of pushing out new DLC for the game I'd hope that Firaxis would patch the base game so it wouldn't feel so unfinished. It is no coincidence that this game has gotten really mixed reviews so far and as a new buyer I would hold my purchase for now. I will gladly change my rating later on when the issues with the AI mechanics have been addressed properly. I love Civilization and it greatly saddens me to give this game a negative review even if it wasn't my final opinion.
 

Luna
224 products in account
8
618 people found this review helpful
78 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
250.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2017
Imagine a situation - You have 4 cities, the other player has 3. Will you get really upset with him and want to destroy him? Here's another situation. You have 20 ships, other player has 18 ships. Will you nuke him for this reason? If you find my questions puzzling and confusing its because the AI in this game is puzzling and confusing.

You start the game, meet the Romans, its the year -4000. Boom, they'll condemn you for not having alot of cities while you both just founded your first. Have less ships then Norway? You'll never be their allies. Have 1 more wonder then the Chinese? They'll hate you forever. The AI in this game is so annoyingly childish that you'll end up most games wanting to destroy everyone. While this isn't new with Civilization, the literal idiocracy of the existing AI is some of the worse ive seen in a strategy game.
 

[LYF]Mord0n
412 products in account
20
591 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2019
The game is good, but the way the gold/platinum edition is being sold is ridiculous as the publisher is punishing us for buying their game early. If you already bought the base game, there is no 'complete the set' option with gold/platinum edition, and you can't even buy the entire gold/platinum pack at all, which means you have to buy all the dlc and expansions individually and by doing so it will even cost more than the gold/platinum edition, but meanwhile if you are a new customers, you can buy the base game+all DLCs+both expansions at a much lower price than what we old customers have to pay for DLCs+expansions only at exactly the same time
 

MagicTao
1,244 products in account
0
299 people found this review helpful
242 people found this review funny 33

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2021
I can't stop nuking the French
 

Yoz
675 products in account
0
690 people found this review helpful
122 people found this review funny 37

Not Recommended
595.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2021
Whoever decided to introduce a separate launcher for the game should be locked in a dark room.
 

I Don't Believe In Politics
96 products in account
0
367 people found this review helpful
241 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
65.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
You can still play even if you click "Disagree to all" to the EULA at the beginning of the game. Not sure why tho, haha.
 

Beardy
151 products in account
9
244 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
233.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2021
It's been a great game up until the 2K Launcher said I didn't own the game anymore.
 

Heathkleef
352 products in account
8
115 people found this review helpful
117 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 12
Tried to go to war with Arabia in 1900 and they had helicopters. 10/10
 

Wenus
115 products in account
0
413 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2017
I don't really understand the strength of many of the negative reviews. They almost scared me off of this one and I'm glad that they didn't. This is a really good Civ game. Sure, it's not exactly the same as Civ 4 or Civ 5, both very good games in their own right, but it's a lot of fun.

I really appreciate all of the unique ways in which the individual Civs stand out from one another. City states are also actually fun to interact with now, as they don't lose influence over time, and each one has a unique bonus that it provides, be it a unique tile improvement or resource boost or what have you.

The diplomatic screen is a little easier to navigate, allowing you to jump between other Civs without leaving that interface, which saves a lot of time.

The split research and cultural techs make for a fun dichotomy and all of the smaller actions that you can take to speed up research (or gain favor with city states) help to freshen up the gameplay without being overbearing, like the quest system from Beyond Earth.

I like that they got creative with support units, such as healers that can help your units recover faster, or balloons that increase the range of your siege units.

The districts take a little getting used to, but they aren't as restrictive as I had thought that they would be. You just have to put down a series of similar buildings on one particular tile on the map, which adds a bit of extra strategy to maximize bonuses. There's nothing keeping you from putting down many types of districts for the same city.

It's fun and it's got a creative design that keeps the gameplay fresh. Definitely recommended.
 

Nutlaw
426 products in account
0
233 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2018
Civ 6 is probably the best Civ game I've played in a long time. The new research system with inspirations granted from doing various tasks is a fantastic idea that should have been in the game a long time ago. The neutral cities giving quests that allow you to curry favour with them, and the resulting benefits, also makes that portion of the game much more worthwhile. Workers having limited charges makes them much more sensible, and with some mods, making them automated helps greatly in the late game.

So why the negative review?

Three (four?) words.

The. AI. SUCKS.

You don't notice this early on, because you're too busy being amazed by all of the things they do right. But eventually, once the glamour wears off, it smacks you in the face. You realise that the AI literally can't do anything right.

First it's the small things - like, when you're attacking a city, if the city has a unit fortified in it, it won't attack your attackers unless it has other units in the nearby attacking range. Even if the unit is ranged, it will just sit inside and wait, until another one shows up, before attacking.

Eventually, though, you start noticing that the AI doesn't actually even play the game. It just sits there and waits for you to react. It never attacks you, unless you're grossly under-defended. And when it attacks, it's painfully easy to wipe the attackers out.

Where it really kicks you in the nuts, though, is when you start playing on Emperor difficulty or greater. Read some of the guides online, and you'll realise that the harder difficulties don't actually make the AI better - it just lets the AI cheat. And the way to beat the AI on these harder difficulties, is to basically abuse mechanics as much as possible.

Hopefully they eventually fix the AI, because the game really is great. And if you're playing for multiplayer (which I'm not), it quite possibly could already be great. But for now, I have to give this a negative review.
 

Nightmyre
139 products in account
16
90 people found this review helpful
102 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
290.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 27
I always forget to eat when I play this and unintentionally lose weight. The Civ diet works!
 

L0mbax
400 products in account
0
320 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
319.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2020
If you like Civ 5, you'll complain about Civ 6 for about 10 hours until you realize you like it more. Make of that what you will.
 

Lazarus
107 products in account
0
149 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
249.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2019
Just a reminder that the whole Redshell spyware debacle has been resolved as of July 2018. It's now been removed. It's going to remain at the top of the page for the rest of the game's life though.
 

Beal
239 products in account
0
94 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 22

Recommended
2,004.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2020
First off, let me state this is a review for Civ 6 with all the DLC (including the frontier pass although only 1 pack has been release at time of writing). If you want a review of vanilla Civ 6...well its fairly good, but if you are not gonna buy the complete version of Civ 6 you may as well get the complete versions of Civ 4 or Civ 5. They are both better and cheaper than vanilla Civ 6.

TL;DR - It can't quite beat Civ 5 in my eyes, which I still consider the peak of the series. A massive roster of civs/leaders/city states, a second tech tree for culture, and fleshed out diplomacy get it close to beating Civ 5, but the janky AI and the loss of most of the grandiose atmosphere that I come to expect from the genre keep it from surpassing it. The huge amount of choices and variety still make it a great game that I highly recommend, as long as you get the complete package.

Pros:
+ Massive pool of civs to choose from (46 leaders and almost as many civs!). There is more unique stuff for each civ, with a special perk coming from both the civ AND the leader in additional to two (sometimes more) unique "things" (units, improvements, buildings, etc). Makes for a ton of stuff to see and use.

+ Diplomacy has gotten some really good improvements and refinements. Lots of casus bellis (reasons for war) give you many ways to wage war and take cities without the world treating you like the damn Devil himself for the rest of the game. Several different alliance types that allow you to choose the kind of buffs you want. Personality traits for civs that reveal over the course of the game, some of them randomized, so you are not (usually) universally loved or hated. The world congress is pretty interesting and makes the Diplomatic Victory fairly different from other types.

+ Government system. Like with the amount of civs and leaders, the sheer number of options here adds to the variety that is probably Civ 6's greatest strength. A card system with different categories that allows a lot of fine tuning and frequent switching of buffs to whatever your current short term and long term goals are.

+ Great people have been turned into unique versions where no two Great Engineers/Scientists/etc are the same. This might be my favorite change from V to VI. It makes for more interesting buffs, especially when you are obtaining many of the same type of great people. Some even give you things separate from the their type (a great general giving you a relic for faith and tourism, a great scientist giving you faith buffs)

+ City states are also now completely unique. There are still general types like scientific and religious, but now each and every one has a different suzerain bonus. Buffs from anything to various trade route bonuses to unique military units to adding the ability for your religious units to earn you science.

Cons:
- Tone. Quotes from techs and wonders have always enhanced Civ and really gave some ambience to wherever you were at in history. It really pains me to say that many of Civ 6's quotes are vapid and moronic and are so detrimental to the grand scale and subject matter of the game that it borders on irreverent. Monty Python quotes and references to having no wifi on mountains do not prop up my feelings of building a grandiose nation in an awe inspiring world. The writing for the leaders is mostly safe from this, but there are a couple lines that make you roll your eyes. Shoutout to the Proverbium mod for muting the narrator and replacing the worst offenders for bad quotes.

- AI. This is not the Civ entry that breaks the series' reputation for janky, sometimes braindead AI. I play Civ almost exclusively single player, so its not enough to ruin the game for me by any stretch, but I am disappointed whenever I see the AI throw troops against a wall doing almost zero damage or sticking with an old government when they have newer, objectively more powerful options. Higher difficulties have no effect on this, instead it just gives buffs to your enemies with things like +1 combat strength.

- World Map. I adore playing on a real life globe map but in 6, it is locked to a standard size map, which is way too small and I just do not understand the decision to make it that way.

- Loss of vertical empires. In Civ 5, having a small amount or large amount of cities were both viable options. This is absolutely not the case in Civ 6. More cities, as long as you don't expand at a reckless speed, is objectively what you want. The so called "one city challenge" in 5 wasn't so much of a challenge as in a different way to play. Fun and viable. Trying that in Civ 6 will absolutely cripple you and is pretty much impossible in everything excluding some extremely specific circumstances.

Minor stuff:

- The leaders have a good amount of animation, but I am just not a big fan of the art style they chose for them. Some of the leaders look wonky, and they all just...stand there with a static image behind them. In Civ 5 you had queens standing near railings of palaces, warlords with the backdrop of a burning city, kings sitting upon their thrones. The animations and different stances bases on your relationship in Civ 6 cannot compete with that. I was also disappointed to see some reused animations for newer leaders.

- Music. I guess its a mixed bag. In particular some of the newer Civs brought some good music, but as a whole its rather average (with some poor songs) and can get grating with the frequency of replayed tracks.

+/- Religion/religious victory. Alright I guess it isn't "minor" but I have a mixed opinion on it. More victory types are always good, and religious combat makes for a less passive victory type, but it can be very easy to obtain and can happen in a flash.

+ You can place pins on the map for things like "settle here" or reminders like "declare war on turn 108". There is also a search bar to look for and highlight things like particular resources. They are wonderful quality of life additions that you will quickly learn to rely on.

+/-/? Multiplayer. I have played very little, but I can assure you it works fairly well (I remember the dark days where Civ 5 MP was straight up unplayable...) The limitation of playing the two largest map types hurts though. Also there is a battle royale mode. I haven't tried it, but it did just get updated, so I guess it wasn't the flash-in-the-pan mode it sounded like to me.
 

AirBear1
644 products in account
0
821 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
85.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2017
I am very happy to have written this review because it helped me figure out what was very wrong with this game.

TL;DR: This is RECOMMANDED for NEW CIV PLAYERS, who have not experienced the series yet and will probably have a ton of fun discovering the "complex" mechanics of a 4X game. Though I'd say Civ 4 and 5 are probably a ton of fun as well.
For "veterans", this is a glorious NO. Not because of AI/Diplomacy, which have been rightly criticized; rather because of stupid mechanics. One word: tedious.

What works
- city building and planning (districts <3)
- the added culture tree
- government cards could be refined but the idea isn't too bad
- builders charges

What doesn't work
- AI
- diplomacy and agendas (omg wtf it's awful)
- religion (100% not worth the investment)
- stupid mechanics: where is the fun?

Why fun cannot be had
(for me at least)

My analysis is this: the game has very tedious-to-optimize mechanics alongside a general lack of challenge. This awesome "combo" makes you feel like you're working without the sense of satisfaction and fulfillment that comes from overcoming difficult odds.

Two examples below:

1) EUREKAS AND INSPIRATIONS

Upon realizing specific actions (eg. building three archers), you get a massive reduction in a specific tech cost (50% or 40% of the tech). This is available for every science and culture tech in the game.
The way the feature was introduced by Firaxis, it seemed that it would allow for civs to go faster upon certain tech routes (for example, sea-related techs for the Vikings) thus making every game different depending on what happens in your game, where you start, who you encounter... I would call it an "organic evolution" of your civ depending on the context you're in. Sounds good! Sounds like a ton of replayability!

Now let's look at this from the "optimizer" perspective, that is, players who cannot play a game without trying to exploit every mechanic in the best way possible (that would be me). Of course we are going to try to get every eureka and inspiration: it's A 50% REDUCTION IN TECH COST, FOR DUCK'S SAKE!! EVEN THE BEST BUILDINGS DON'T DOUBLE SCIENCE YIELDS. But getting these eurekas/inspirations is tedious (each one has a very specific trigger). So you go along the tech tree, researching 50% of every tech BUT NO MORE because you don't wait to forfeit your 50% reduction. You just switch techs everytime you reach 50%.

This is not fun. This is the opposite of fun. I'm certain this is not the way Firaxis intended this mechanic to be used in.

2) DISTRICT BUILD COST

There are hidden formulas within the game (WHY hide this information from me?). As an example, district build cost goes up the more tech you research: if you got 50 tech, the district cost will be much higher than when you had researched 13 techs. In and of itself, it doesn't sound too good already, does it?

BUT THERE'S A TWIST: if you place your district on the map (by launching production), it locks the cost! So, the Optimizer will place every district as early as possible, then immediately switch production to more sensible things (like military units), just in order to avoid the cost increasing with tech. STUPID STUPID STUPID mechanic.
It also makes founding new cities completely not worth it past a certain amount of turn (because local production will never be able to afford building the increased-cost districts).

What they could do going forward

I know it's easy to talk trash on a game that I've spent 80 hours on and end up not recommending. So, here are my two cents on how to make the game better.

1) get rid of the eurekas and inspirations OR make the requirements harder to attain so that you aren't tempted to go after all the bonus

2) improve military AI so as to make the AI an actual danger

3) improve diplomacy so that the AI understands it is playing a game that they want to WIN. With this mindset, allying the player can be very beneficial if it helps overcoming a stronger opponent or eating part of their empire.

Currently, every civ will hate your gut for conquering that tiny Roman 2-pop city after Trajan declared war ON YOU. From that moment on, don't ever hope to ally anyone, because you're a badass WARMONGER in the eyes of the whole world. Let that sink in for a minute.

4) get rid of the "agendas", open or hidden. It's stupid. The AI shouldn't hate you or love you depending on set-in-stone conditions related to (a)historical facts, rather they should assess the situation they are in and how allying or warring you makes them come closer to their own victory

5) rebalance the whole game: religion, tourism can safely be ignored 100% of the time. Military, maybe science are the only viable options. Civs are also wildly unbalanced.

6) Religious combat isn't right. Missionaries have always been tedious to manage. Why make it a unit? Rather, let us manage religion through a dedicated screen, that would allow us to specify what city we want to target. No more going around the map, that's tedious.

7) Have a sensible formula for district cost

8) Don't hide formulas from the player

Thank you for your time.
Your hateful comments will be disbanded. I don't care about your "freedom of speech", I do care about my feelings.
Fair criticism is always welcome, I love being proven wrong (I absolutely mean it, no sarcasm).
 

miklol
167 products in account
28
885 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
24.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2019
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."
 

[PHE$] $exyClover
1,046 products in account
0
238 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
588.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2018
OK, bear in mind that each Civilization game is a slight reworking of the previous one. Sometimes the reworking benefits the game. Sometimes it doesn't.

Civilization VI is not the best Civilization game of the whole series, in my opinion.

But is it a *bad* game, worthy of all these negative reviews? Certainly not.

Like every other Civilization game, it's a well produced, well executed 4X game by a studio that very much knows what they're doing with this genre. There are some improvements over previous Civilization games. There are some changes in how particular systems or game mechanics work.

In some - but not many - regards, it feels like the game has regressed a little bit. The AI is poor, let's face it. The DLC model is bullshít - having to pay for individual civs is just rude.

Is this the greatest 4X game ever? No. Is this the best Civ game? Probably not. Is it as good as Civ V? I'd say no personally, but at least it's different, unlike Civilization: Beyond Earth, which was just a reskinned Civ V.

But **is it a bad game?** No. It isn't. You really can ignore many of these entitled reviews hating on this game just because they made changes that they don't like. It's a decent, polished 4X game that isn't perfect, but for anyone who enjoys games like this there are plenty of hours of gameplay to be had.

If you own Civ V and loved it, but you're now bored of it, Civ VI is definitely worth a go. If you haven't played Civ V but want to try a Civilization game, go play that instead.
 

kinggimped
719 products in account
0
244 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
167.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2017
I'll preface by admitting that I'm a grumpy old civ4 elitist, but this game just isn't worth buying in its current state.

There are a lot of very cool systems the designers have put up a rough foundation for, but it's still just too empty to really enjoy. You can really see the potential in this game, but there's still just so many little things missing or buggy that drive you nuts.

And as always, the AI is dumb as rocks. They keep making the combat engine more and more complicated without adapting the AI to handle it at all. As a result, you can win wars with maybe 4-5 units. The AI is just not good enough to handle the system. All the depth of the combat mechanics just aren't satisfying because of this.

It's like beating a dog in Chess. Your great strategy and tactics are simply wasted on an opponent that has no idea what it's doing.

And a full year after release, there are still missing hotkeys for actions you will do *EVERY TURN*.

The art is gorgeous. The soundtrack is amazing. The district system and the armies/fleets system show so much promise. But the game's just not deep enough, and the AI so poor that it's simply not enjoyable after one or two playthroughs.

I cranked the difficulty up to diety on my 2nd playthrough, and still got bored and quit 200 turns in because of how far ahead of the AI I was. I played on Emperor in civ5, and I think Monarch in civ4. It's not like I've magically gotten better at the game. The AI is just *that* bad. It is utterly incapable of threatening you militarily, and does not know how to pursue win conditions at all.

Again, there's a TON of potential. Really disappointing game as it stands though. Maybe with a couple of expansions it'll reach its full potential, but until then I cannot recommend this game.


UPDATE: As of June 2020 and playing the game with the expansions, my review remains mostly unchanged. I've gotten a solid 100 hours in the game now so take that for what it's worth, but my main problem continues to be the AI. The expansions have added some super cool systems and again the game continues to have a ton of depth to it... but the AI simply cannot play the game.

They still place their cities seemingly at random, put districts in random places, shuffle their units mindlessly, and make no effort at all to prevent you from winning the game. I recently completed a game on Immortal and two of the AIs were not eliminated, but effectively removed from the game by barbarians. When I finally scouted their lands, everything in sight was pillaged and they had not a single unit to speak of.

So many good ideas in this game but ultimately you are still playing Chess against a bunch of dogs. None of the depth of the game truly feels rewarding when the AI continues to throw warriors and arches at you 150 turns into the game.
 

KEN RAILINGS
213 products in account
8
2,126 people found this review helpful
45 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3,477.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2017
This is a wonderful game in a legendary series. Which is why I'm sad to leave a negative review. In short, Firaxis believes it can milk its consumers for all they're worth, charging players repeatedly *after* the initial purchase for each civilization and a couple maps. Whoever made this decision clearly doesn't understand its fanbase; we are not Call of Duty players who will put up with this type of abuse for years on end without speaking up. There is something terribly wrong with the concept of creating a game, gutting half its content, and ransoming it back to the fanbase. Fix this or risk losing future financial support.
 

IceColdBukkake
314 products in account
37
363 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 15

Not Recommended
688.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2021
I got this game and loved it for years before the 2k launcher was required. So now in order to play i need to use a game launcher to launch a game launcher. It is poorly implemented it slows your system down it is completely useless bloatware. Rather than attempting to provide a more desirable product experience to make profit this developer would rather provide an exploitable negative for users experience to the same end. I dont support this type of practice because it makes gaming one of my favorite things a worse experience for myself and my fellow gamers. I hope you agree and do not support this company any longer.
 

LargeBagofApples
182 products in account
0
1,406 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
50.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2016
The Short of It: While Civilization VI isn't a bad game, it is quite fundamentally flawed and comes in no way close to its predecessors, Civ IV and V. If you're new to the series, definitely play those instead, or if not, go for Endless Legend, why not. All three are better experiences than Civ VI.



The Long of It: The Civilization series should be well-known to all gamers, but not everyone has actually played the games. The groundlayer of the turn-based 4X-genre, Civilization takes a player, and his empire, from the Stone Age to the Information Age, with the player making decisions on where to focus in terms of scientific research, military development, cultural progress, expansion, and many other factors. Every game is different, not just in terms of player-determined settings, but also in terms of map layout, rival civs, etcetera.



The Right of It: Civ VI improves one thing greatly compared to its predecessors, and that is city development. The Districs system really forces you to think, and to specialize. Gone are the days of a single city building every improvement and Wonder. It's just not possible anymore, and that's a good thing. With the districts-system, Science and Production are no longer the be-all, end-all of games which need to be focused on primarily.

Barbarians are no longer the pointless annoyances they were in the previous games. They're much deadlier now, and every civ needs to stay on its toes. This definitely gives the barbarians-element some much needed relevance.

A few other nice improvements made it to Civ VI, including military/noncombatant escort formations (finally!), expendable builders (which deals with unit clutter), mix-and-match cultural policies, and Eureka!-boosts for techs and civics, earned by fulfilling all kinds of mini-tasks. Now, if they'd just stuck to that, Civ VI would have been a straight-up improvement over VI, but sadly, there's a lot to discuss when I point out...



The Wrong of It: With all the desire for innovation and change, Civ VI trips over itself in quite a few departments, in same cases making the game frustrating and irritating to play.

The diplomacy system is, for want of a better word, a complete disgrace. Rival Civs will all, without exception, viciously loathe each other, including you, denouncing each other and you as often as they can, even when you've done them absolutely no wrong. One Civ had several diplomacy bonuses from good relations, but still declared me filth because we had a different system of government. Meanwhile, the A.I. leaders will not stop spamming you with pointless messages every turn, and because they, for some reason, need to slowly fade out twice, it's an infuriating habit which costs you a lot of time and has no benefit at all.

You might as well never bother with trade deals either. The AI will never, ever agree to a trade deal, nor suggest one, which doesn't favour them at least 3:1, even if they are pathetically weak. Their deals are nothing short of extortionate, and all they do is waste your time with more pointless interruptions, because you'd never, ever accept any of their deals anyway. As for espionage, well, expect all the A.I. opponents to focus only on you, sabotaging your Industrial Zones relentlessly, causing you to gnash your teeth as you waste yet more turns rebuilding things.

What few friends you have will, guaranteed, suddenly declare war on you for no reason at all, even though they're much weaker than you are and have nothing to gain from the conflict. And then, within ten turns, they'll come begging on their knees for peace. Refuse, and the entire world will hate you even more for being a warmonger. That's right, you will be a warmongering menace to the world even if you never once declare war. Having war declared on you and defending yourself is apparently an atrocity. This kind of system makes a player wonder if this game was even playtested at all.

In fact, it's not just diplomacy, really. The A.I. in general is often downright moronic.

The choice of art style, as well as the writing, are questionable to say the least. While it's true that Civ V was high on realism, and therefore seriousness, Civ VI has taken to the other extreme. The art style is jarringly cartoony, with leaders looking like caricatures and the map nauseatingly green and yellow, the UI is ugly with oversaturated colours, and the educational quotes that came with tech discoveries have been replaced with cringey pseudo-witty pop culture soundbites from comedians and other assorted funny-people. Not even Sean Bean's excellent narration can save the writing from being eye-rollingly lame. All things combined, Civ VI has the look of one of those crappy mobile games.

Lastly, the Civilipedia isn't much help. The game neglects to explain a lot of things and looking them up in the Civilipedia doesn't help one bit. You're supposed to smell that you can only build a single Archaelogist per city that has an archaeology museum, for instance. Often, building options will be grayed out without any explanation as to why. And don't get me started on National Parks. Ugh.

And of course, once more, many civilizations and mechanics are not present, or in a bare-bones way, which means Firaxis has once more held back things which were present in the previous game, only to release them in expensive DLC packs. It's a nasty habit, and every game developer should ask itself some serious questions when it resorts to deliberately holding back game content to be able to release it as DLC later.



The Last of It: Civ VI has some good ideas, but its positive elements don't come close to making it as good as Civ IV or Civ V. It's certainly not a bad game, but as an entry in the Civilization series, it falls far short of the standards the franchise holds itself to. Seriously, get the previous Civs instead, or if you've played those, give Endless Legend a go.
 

Stormo
719 products in account
79
357 people found this review helpful
60 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2017
Nuked my own city just for fun. Was immediately contacted by two of the AI civs: Aztecs to congratulate the improved alignment of our interests and Nubia to congratulate the effectiveness of my districts.

My biggest complaint with the game is that it feels like the game is playing me, rather than me playing the game. My actions were more driven by controling war declaration than doing what I want. Don't build enough of the right military units quick enough? AI declares war on you. Try to use your envoys on the city states? AI will declare war on you. Build wonders? AI will declare war on you. Upgrade your form of government because you are ahead in the civic tree? AI declares war on you. Have too many luxury resources? AI declares war on you. Not enough? AI declares war on you.

Some people will enjoy the puzzly nature of babysitting the AI's temper tantrums or the frequent small wars with higher numbers of AI civs, but if you found yourself enjoying the more peaceful routes of Civ 5, I'd watch a lot of playthroughs on YouTube before buying. No matter what victory path you aim for in Civ 6, war will be a part of it.

PROs:
+ I like the new district mechanics, though I wish there were more (quantity and variety of effects) buildings for each district
+ I like the new builder mechanics
+ City states are more interesting
+ Split research and civics trees is more good than bad
+ Better than Civ 5 was pre-expansions

CONs:
- Religion is painful
- No diplomatic victory option. It was janky in Civ 5, but it enabled some gameplay options that are missing from this game (like focusing on economy with mostly peaceful intentions).
- The AI is as bad as all the reviews say
- The start location scripting/city placement issues are as bad as the reviews say (I once had another civ spawn in the hex next to mine, I captured his settler with my warrior on turn one)
- I appreciate what the devs attempted to do with the AI agendas to give them some diversity, but it turned the AI civs into loose cannons. With almost non-existant diplomacy, it's a bad combo.
- Large maps and the higher difficulty settings just aren't fun.
- No penalties for building wide, no benefit to building tall
- No Venice

Wait for post-expansion reviews or pick up when on sale.
 

igmatto
137 products in account
11
178 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
213.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2020
Very easy to drain a few hours of your life away without realizing or even regretting
 

Wyatt
33 products in account
4
96 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
209.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2021
this game puts me in a worm hole where it feels like 30 minutes but I shift tab and I have been playing for 10 hours straight, I love this game.
 

oatmeal
95 products in account
0
1,889 people found this review helpful
54 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
236.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2016
Civ VI has all the promises of being great, but is being held back by what I can only assume is lack of development time.
I've enjoyed the game so far and I'm certain I'll keep playing it for awhile, but after some 60 hours the novelty is wearing off and the flaws that I initially wrote off as rare quirks can now be seen clearly as major problems.

There are minor bugs all over, most of them more annoying than gamebreaking but they are very clearly things that should have been on a "to-fix" list after in-house playtesting, yet they're present in the released game. I've had very few technical issues (game hanging upon exit being the only one) and I can understand why those are generally hard to track down, but UI elements getting stuck, being declared war on by a civ you have not yet met or by your own civ, both Greek civs being able to have the same leader in the same game, diplomacy faux pas penalties despite no transgressions, war weariness not decreasing, painfully obvious production -> gold exploits? These are things that should not make it into the final game, or in worst case be fixed with a release day patch.

Significantly worse though is the atrocious AI. I was playing as China, had built a desert hills city where I builder rushed Petra, two turns after it's completed Scythia turns up with an army of horsemen, the city has no fortifications and not a single unit within five-six turns of brisk march. Welp, that city's clearly done for... except the horsemen proceed to parade up and down the flood plains, both city-side and not, rather than bang their heads against my non-existant walls and taking that (better than Civ V pre-nerf power level) sweet sweet wonder. I find an archer somewhere that starts taking pot shots at the horsies, a few turns later I can buy ancient walls and a crossbowman joins the archer and fifteen turns later the riverbank is red with horse- and manblood. Not a single horseman ever attacked the city. I meet Russia, they're so impressed by my culture and science and everything else (they were at least an age, propably two behind me) they want to be bestest friends forever and five turns later they hate me and declare war. Then nothing. More nothing. Twenty turns later a spearman appears. Then two more. Then Tsar Peter offers me the entire russian state earnings and his own personal allowance to please stop the bloodshed. Had he used that money in some other fashion, such as actually funding an army to attack me with the game could have been somewhat challenging.
And that's a huge problem, the AI is so bad it makes the game far too easy, and when I as a player make mistakes I'm not punished for them - I'm actually rewarded no matter if I play well or poorly.
The barbarian AI is largely far better, which is hilarious in it's own way. Start a large or huge pangea map, plod around for 20-30 turns and you'll typically see several of the other civs succumb to barbarian invasion. Maybe the barbarian AI developers should have a chat with their civ AI colleagues, because the former beats the latter hands down every time.

Lastly there's a glaring lack of what I'll categorize as "interface features". There's no Civ V-esque option to see terrain tiles clearly separated, because honestly woods and rain forest blend together real well under the fog of war in explored territory, separate desert from plains same story. Hills can be deciphered using the strategic view but otherwise can be tricky to spot. The civilopedia is half-baked at best, not explaining alot of game features and details. Unit stats are scarce, there's melee strength, ranged/bombard, movement, and then there's "excellent against mounted units" without any actual numbers, unless you train the unit and there's a mounted unit you can feign an attack on to get the tooltip stats (which are excellent). Why can't I be allowed to see those stats before training the unit? There's no "restart game" feature like was added in Civ V after player requests. When starting a new game, the game always uses the same settings (small continents) instead of the settings you last set.
Want to use your city attack against that invading knight when you have three other units stationed in the city? How about just clicking on the city with units stationed? Better work on your scroll wheel micro, because you need to zoom in/out a bit to simply be able to click the city instead of something else. Want to see religious follower stats without clicking on a religious unit? Sorry, can't do without clicking on each city.

The game is extremely well polished in the art/music deparment, one might not enjoy the style or agree with some of the choices but that's an esthetic choice, not a flaw of the game. The intro movie is absolutely awesome and these set the bar for a great gaming experience. As long as the experience I get is a mediocre one and the AI keep tripping on it's own shoelaces I cannot recommend others paying money for Civ VI. I have no doubt the game will see a string of patches in the near future, but the game needs an AI overhaul to stand the test of time.
 

twit
51 products in account
77
849 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
169.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2017
After numerous shorter games, and romperstomping my way through a huge map with 11 AI players, conquest only victory and epic timescale, I really feel that I've played enough to say that the AI in this game is an absolute joke. Really, this game isn't worth your time... Get Civ V instead - it's a far superior game...

My key issues are as follows:
1) The AI repeatedly declares war, sends nothing to attack you, then begs for peace some turns later prostrating themselves before you with offerings of gold and luxuries.

2) When at war with the AI, they never attack. I remember playing Civ IV, and seeing armies building up on my border before the AI declares war. No behaviour of that sort is to be seen here.

3) The AI is schizophrenic and utterly moronic. They will condemn you for warmongering, while frequently attempting to encourage you to join in their wars. Involving yourself in even a single war during an otherwise peaceful playthrough can lead to unanimous loathing from the AI, with constant denouncements being shouted at you.

4) The AI never uses aircraft...

5) The AI settles cities in any location they can, and leaves them completely undefended. The AI does not choose efficient locations for city building, and thus irritates that player into having to declare war in order to raze the cities and more efficiently use the land.

6) The victory screen statistics are total garbage. There is no map replay.

7) The UI feels a bit awkward, with various essential tools seemingly overlooked. There is, for example, no list of all units. If you want to find your builders, you must do this manually by scrolling over your empire. A further oversight is the lack of a global politics overview. If you want to know who is at war with whom, you must "speak" to each leader in turn, and look at their current relationships.


Complaints aside, however, I have to say that this game is looks stunning - it is rich in detail and vivid in colour, and the wonder animations are an absolute delight. The sound design is fantastic, and music is memorable and quite beautiful. The new district system is absolute genius - making the process of building and laying out a city a substantially more interesting and nuanced process compared to Civ V. It's a terrible shame that the AI is just such garbage - it ruins the game. I used to play "comp stomps" with my friends on a fairly regular basis, but doing so in Civ VI would be a waste of time.


Edit:

Some people have suggested that I play the game on harder difficulties, but my understanding is that higher difficulty levels simply add a multiplier to the AI's output (e.g. they get a 2x production multiplier so that they can always outproduce you), and does not affect their behaviour. Since my biggest problem with the game is its broken AI, playing on harder difficulties simply gives them an advantage, but does not make them "smarter".

Additionally, I think it's valid to compare the game to Civ V. I played Civ V from its initial 'vanilla' release, and (I realise that I'm referencing personal memories from ~6 years ago) do not recall being as disappointed with the AI after making the jump from the mature game of Civ IV to the then new game of Civ V. Therefore, I stand by my statement that Civ V is a better game. It is not more content that I desire, but a challenging, intelligent AI.

Edit 2:

While I was not impressed with the game at launch, it has improved considerably!
 

Calamity Jones
231 products in account
37
222 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
425.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2019
Do I recommend this game? Yes, but actually no. Let me explain

This game is fun, that's a highly agreed on opinion, the mechanics, the strategy and micromanagement is fun. To add, I LOVE how you can customize the game settings and create all these fun rules for yourself to actually be challenged in a way you see fair. The graphics are really good imo and I love the colors. THIS IS A FUN GAME it really is otherwise I wouldn't have played it for as long as I did, but here's where the *but actually no* part comes in.

The A.I is deadass garbage. It's complete garbage. The difficulties are essentially just increasing levels of handicap, the A.I doesn't get smarter they just get more advantages throughout the course of the entire game, its a ♥♥♥♥ way to make A.I harder. Not to mention that the A.I is b r o k e n. It will literally almost never use airpower (although one of the dlcs fixes that which brings me to my next point). The game heavily relies on you buying the extortionate new dlcs. Without it the A.I is 10 times more broken than it is with the dlcs.

In conclusion, its loads of fun, but it should be way better.
(if you can gather a group of friends and play a full game this game is FANTASTIC)
 

Lawless
93 products in account
22
118 people found this review helpful 8

Recommended
413.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2021
This review is for all my friends coming from Civilization V and wondering if you're going to get the same experience.
I will say I do genuinely enjoy this game however, Civ V is still and will always be the better game no matter how many DLC's they release.

Here is a run through on some similarities and differences:

- City Building: Probably the biggest difference is the way a city and civilization expands, in Civ V you could simply build whatever structure your city needed granting the appropriate yield to science, happiness, gold, production etc.. In Civ VI you are, in a way, limited on what you can build in any one city. Virtually all boosts to research, culture, happiness, production are found through building "districts". Districts are only made available at certain population targets throughout your cities maturation, in addition these districts must be built on an appropriate tile therefor if you don't have the required space to build you are unfortunately unable to. Multiple new factors also effect your city such as housing and amenity's, without them your city doesn't function at an optimal level and each can be increase based on different base city center structures and district structures.

- Research and Technology Tree: This process is virtually the same which is refreshing, nothing new to learn.

- AI Interaction: This is mostly the same, however they've replaced the embassy with trade delegations as "foot in the door" technique with other civilizations. This may also just be my experience but it does also seem that AI leaders sour towards you rather quickly compared to Civ V.

- Cultural Policies: This is disappointing. They've completely removed the Cultural Policies tree from the game and replaced it with a system in which you choose individual card boosts from specific categories (Military, Economic, Diplomatic and Wildcard). Now this system can be equally as formidable but it definitely isn't the same, as your civilization grows and you learn new forms of government additional slots will open based on the path you choose. For example the Monarchy government gives you 2 military card slots, 1 economic card slot, 1 diplomatic card slot and 2 wildcard slots.

- Religion: Again, this is pretty much unchanged similarly to the research and tech tree. Nice not having to learn a ton of new features.

- City States: This is an entirely new system that plays off of the type of government you have in place. Each government type grants envoy points and as you get into higher tiers the more that are granted. City states are mostly used as boosts to your own civilization, as you send envoy's to each you will be given a certain status with each city state as your status increases so does the benefit (boost to production, religion, culture, etc..). To reach the maximum influence level with a city state it generally takes 6 envoys at which point you are declared the suzerain of that city state, however if another civilization has 6 or more envoys there you will have to continue to send envoys until you have more within the city state to achieve the title of suzerain. One additional benefit in becoming the suzerain of a city state is the ability to levy their army for a listed figure (usually 400-500 gold), can help if you're in a pinch.

- World Congress: Sadly, this no longer exists. They attempted to bring it back in their recent DLC's but it truly is a sad attempt at what was in my opinion a truly great feature. Gone are the worlds fairs as we once knew, nuclear proliferation, embargos, etc.. This also plays into the difference in City States as you no longer ally them to gain standing at the world congress.

These are some of the main similarities and differences I've discerned in my time playing both versions of this wonderful game. I would say if you enjoy Civ V then Civ VI is definitely worth your time, the game runs much smoother and appears much cleaner then the previous version. This however I would recommend you catch on sale as it, in my opinion, is not worthy of the full price cost.
 

alariccia28
33 products in account
0
187 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
211.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2018
A good game at it's core, probably the most complex-at-release game of the series. However, there are some serious problems regarding the AI - namely the fact that they are either petty, incredibly spontaneous, or both. The unique modifiers for each civ leader disregard capability, so the Dutch with insult and berate you for not being able to trade with them when they're on the other side of the world. They will also declare wars against you without any sort of warning, despite the display showing that they are friendly towards you. Lying civ displays was a thing back in V as well, but here it feels arbitrary and a constant frustration when your neighbors (and everyone else) suddenly declares two, four, or even six separate wars against you without any sort of real discourse. The only time a civ will demand something from you is when they are displeased with you, but know they can't win a war. The whole system makes their "poker faces" seem more like a game of Guess Who when the other player keeps changing their character.

Map generation is oversimplified compared to Civ V, which allowed for a variety of different map types. In VI, however, you have less than ten different map types not counting the fairly minor variable modifiers. With how the Eureka and Inspiration systems work, you could easily find yourself trying to play a military civ without have any iron or horses spawning near you, resulting in a far slower tech development than those lucky enough to do so. This also happens with two of the earlier technologies, which require you to find a second continent and find a natural wonder respectively - both of which you could be easily screwed out of by no fault of your own. This leads to maps boiling down to one of a small variety. Good starts, bad starts, and unwinnable starts. Yes, those can happen - if you end up next to a horribly aggressive enemy or get cornered by barbarians, you can basically kiss your starting point goodbye, because the AI will quickly leapfrog ahead of you.

On that note, Barbarians are horribly annoying in the early game, but are basically required for the Eurekas for most starting military techs. If a barbarian scout locates your city and gets back to a nearby encampment - and with a movement range of 3, that's more likely than not - you're going to find a raiding army of three units heading towards where you settled. Note that this likely happens right out of the gate, resulting in you having to put all of your development building military units so you can actually build and expand without your units being killed or abducted. The worst part, however, are barbarians that encamp near horses. Those barbarians spawn Horsemen and Horse Archers, a barbarian specific unit that is both far more mobile than their grounded counterpart but also much stronger. And you don't get the Eureka for the technology to make spearmen until you kill three barbarians total. This is even worse in slower games, because barbarians spawn much faster than you can make military units to fight them off due to the barbarian spawning not scaling to the slower game speed.

Religion, which was only added later in the life cycle of Civ V, is in the base game, but it is extraordinarily tedious and frustrating. The AI will pursue religion with a crazy furvor, using every single faith point it has in the most efficient way it knows how, making competing against them to get a Religious Victory a trial of tedium. In fact, the easiest way to win a Religious victory is to actually go for a military victory. Cities burned or captured and Inquisitioned are much easier to deal with than trying to work the arcane Religious Combat system or throwing Missionaries and Apostles at any city who doesn't follow you over and over. It wasn't even until Rise & Fall was added did they allow your military units to stop religious units, who would before then just walk right through your lines and provide scouting and intelligence.

Honestly, it's not a bad game. But it is disappointing, poorly balanced, and if you want to just play a fun round you may end up hitting that Restart button more than a few times. Hold off on it for a sale, at the very least.
 

DuneTheWanderer
124 products in account
3
515 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
273.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2016
This is a difficult decision...
I thought it was quite fun to play through the first time, but there are some major issues that definitely need to be fixed in order to get me coming back for more.

Pros
- The visuals are absolutely gorgeous!
- There's so much attention to detail, it's insane. I love the way cities are organised ingame (especially when compared to the spray paint city tool of Civ 5). Roads actually connect in meaningful ways rather than cutting through everything and creating unwanted super roundabouts. There's a day/night cycle and cities light up when it gets dark. Flocks of birds travel the map and there are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chickens wandering around the granaries. With all the details, the world feels much more alive in comparison to the one within Civ 5 and sometimes I just sit there looking at the screen because of it.
- The animations are superb and smooth!
- The district system is a welcome addition in my opinion and it adds a lot of depth to the game.
- City-states are easy to manage and aren't a complete chore like the ones in Civ 5.
- The Barbarians can ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ annihilate you if you're not careful. They're more of a threat than an annoyance which is actually fun.
- The new policy and government system is good fun!
- Being able to organise troops into corps and armies is a very nice addition and helps to simplify combat gameplay.
- There are some aspects of the AI that have improved from the previous game, but...

Cons
- Boy can the AI make some stupid decisions. Sometimes spontaneous war can be enjoyable, but when the civ declaring the war has absolutely nothing to gain from it and won't even bother to show up, it's just annoying.
- The Agenda System. Great idea, but I feel some of the agendas are stupid and sometimes the penalties are way too high. For example, Ceopatra hates civs that don't have a large army, so if you're not focusing on troop production early on, she'll probably denounce you and declare war on you and every other civilization that doesn't meet her stupid standards. She basically spawns into the game hating a buttload of other civs. The penalties are way to high, and because a lot of the agendas clash in some way, everybody starts hating eachother except Ghandi.
- Casus Belli. Another awesome idea, but it didn't really make it easier to declare war without gaining warmonger penalties. For example, in one game Ghandi was converting all of my ♥♥♥♥ to his religion so I decided to declare a holy war on his ass. This Casus Belli gave me a medium warmonger penalty which I thought would be easy to manage, but as soon as I declared the holy war everybody hated me and denounced me and I lost 14 points to each relationship. So for me, the warmongering penalties are way too high and need to be adjusted.
- Theological combat. Again, another cool idea but there isn't enough depth to it. Since there are only 3 religious units, there's not a lot of strategy involved, especially if you're up against Ghandi's theocracy and his religion focused entirely on theological combat. When he came in with that wave of apostles (knowing that the warmonger penalty for holy war was too high), all I could do was wait until he converted everything and remove all the heresy after. Maybe if there were more units and terrain modifiers this could be fun, but for me it just wasted screen space.
- It's insanely easy to win a cultural victory. The first time a played I won a cultural victory but I wasn't even aiming for it. I feel like this has something to do with the crazy culture boost from launching a rocket and the fact that you need to focus on culture for a bit in order to get the really juicy policies. It gets the point where in order to get a scientific victory you need to actively neglect your culture and tourism output. This definitely needs a bit of tweaking.

What else can I say? This game was fun to play the first couple of times, but with these issues present I don't really feel like playing it more. I want to have alliances clashing over scarce resources and not everybody hating each other because they want more wonders or because they won't bother to settle on my continent. In my opinion there are a lot of small issues that have a big impact on the game, and I can't really recommend it until they are fixed.
 

Mojo Jojo
307 products in account
8
160 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
271.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2021
Early game 10/10 (every decision matters a lot in early game and the exploration is fun)
Mid game 7/10 (It's starting to drag here and you can start ot see where the game will go)
Late game 4/10 (the game is almost always decided at this point and each round is too long. I often don't bother with late game)

The load times is poorly optimized as well
 

Crozzfire
320 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
155.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2016
Expansion makes it so much better.
 

Darth Star 91
248 products in account
0
767 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
282.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2017
I love Civ. I want so badly to love this game. I'm sorry. You've had a full year to fix this game. The loading time is still unbearable. The AI is still too stupid to make games playable. Every interaction with opponents is fraught with basic UI errors. There are critical mistakes that any player would notice in their first hour, that would take any tester one hour to report, and would take any programmer one hour to fix. AFTER A YEAR. This is a lazy game. This is a cash grab. Do not buy this game.
 

pseudoclever
47 products in account
20
355 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 24

Not Recommended
589.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 17
I have never been so frustrated by a video game before.

This is one of my absolute favorite games. Civ 6 is not only the best Civ game I have played, but one of the best strategy games. The base game is amazing, the DLCs are amazing, the gameplay is phenomenal.

However, the number of bugs and the frequency of crashes present in this game are completely unacceptable considering that the game has been out for 6 years and costs ~$300 total (for the base game and all its DLCs when not on sale).

I'm sick and tired of trying to find a solution to an issue that 2K clearly doesn't give a sh** about. Apparently the game was fine until 2K arbitrarily decided they needed to use their own garbage launcher and now the game barely functions.

Get your sh** together 2K, treat your customers with just a TINY bit of respect and put some fu***** effort into fixing the issues that YOU caused in your expensive ass video game instead of (presumably) devoting your time and resources into developing your next sh** show money grab.

I love this game with all my heart, I just wish I could play it.
 

moonkinboom
257 products in account
15
77 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
134.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2021
Civilization is like Miller's planet. Time in this game passes very slowly relative to the time experienced by others in real life. An hour of gaming before bed will actually take your 7 hours of whole night. Good luck feeling lethargic during next day.
 

JohnyMeraNaam
738 products in account
1
301 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
291.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2017
Edit: While district costs scaling is slightly reduced now for a trade off in more expensive buildings was a nice start, it's not enough. Cities settled after the first two eras are prohibitively expensive in the name of boosting "tall" play, but the game still heavily favors infinite city spam ALA never stop expanding. The focus is on hardcore chopping of bonus resources/forests to brute force these 100+ turn districts on new cities. And if the city doesn't have forests/stone to harvest... just hope your trade routes complete soon so you can barrage the settlement with caravans to boost production. So it's entirely possible to ignore the arbitrary balance aspect here and just brute force past it.

Combined with the Eureka system and very powerful key techs to research, every game really does feel homogenized as you really don't vary your playstyle much between civs. You beeline the same specific techs to unlock a huge power boost while keeping district scaling low with few variations due to unique units and buildings. This means building the same units and doing the same actions to trigger the same eurekas every game... and spam, spam, spam the settlers and chop, chop, chop the woods. So for the most part, it's "X victory beeline order, Y victory beeline order, z victory beeline order..." with tweaks to take account for UU/UB. And again, the same actions and build orders to trigger the same eurekas are near universal across these.

Edit 2: The DLC civs are almost all OP. Especially in the Frontier Pass, but the trend started earlier. All semblance of balance is thrown out as the newer civs almost always tend to be obscenely OP. Like the Babylonians? They get 100% tech completely from a Eureka. You were already making a priority of these, and it just makes tech progress stupidly fast... especially since you can largely ignore your science yields and rely on brute force Eurekas... especially if you get a science alliance and really leverage spies. They can steal Eurekas... that give you 100% tech progress as Babylon... you straight up steal tech. Babylon can ignore science yields and still be 100 turns ahead of everyone else in research.

Simply put, I cannot recommend the game right now. It's getting patches every season, but the game is in need of some serious and fundamental polishing that firaxis typically only adds in "major" expansions. Its no where near as bad as Civ V was at launch, but some things are pretty unbalanced still.

(I won't touch on the terrible diplomacy as its been beaten to death, ressurected, then beaten right back down into red paste)

My main gripes revolve around research, production, and districts. For one thing, research happens far too quickly. This is especially bad since the game is so stingy on giving you means to increase your production. By the time you reserach, build, and field a unit its practically obsolete. So how do you solve the production hassle? By building a production district! Yet districts get more and more prohibitively expensive as the game progresses. It doesn't take long at all for them to start rivavling... and then surpassing... wonders. Yet these are things we are supposed to be building 2-5 per city! There are 12 districts you can build, so you are supposed to choose wisely and specialize your districts. This one is near the mountains and will make a great research district! Or perhaps your people will find inspiration within the sacred peaks as you build a temple nearby? Well... the answer is actually neither.

The crux of hte issue is that these districts increase in cost for every technology you research. So if you jump straight into the early research district? You are just shooting yourself in the foot. Research is already too quick and districts already too expensive to build without making things worse by trying to get an early science lead. So instead of giving us very cheap costs to build a city's first district and making each successive district more and more prohibitively expensive (you know, to meet their actual design goal of specialized cities), you get punished for researching. That mid game city you founded to secure a source of oil? Good luck doing anything with it when it takes 100 turns to build a single district!

The workaround is actually trade routes. You get an extra one for every harbor or commerce district you build. Set up all your trade routes as INTERNAL and you gain a substantial production boost. This is the second reason why the concept is broken. Instead of specializing cities and being choosey about your districts, everyone just builds a commercial/harbor district first to get that trade route. So they can get some desperately needed production to build anything at all in any of their cities.

So instead of specializing your cities, you are just building the same district over and over and over and over again. Every game its the same. Whatever victory condition you are actually going for will just have to be the second or third district built. Science is too fast, which skyrockets district costs. Districts that are needed to build virtually anything worthwhile in the game.

Thus, my hope is that they will give a much needed reblance to these systems in a future major expansion. Then the game will get an ultimate edition that packages all the cash-grab DLC together, with the needed expansion(s), for a reasonable price.

If you really need a Civ fix until them, just replay V. Try some of the mods!
 

niddhoger
204 products in account
1
444 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
334.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2020
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
✅ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 A challenge to be reckoned
🔲 In the heat of confrontation, treat your opponent with respect


~ GRAPHICS ~
🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter for this game
🔲 Good (nothing special)
✅ An original artistic direction
🔲 Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece


~ STORY ~
✅ This game has no story
🔲 Basic element of the contractual requirements
🔲 It's there for people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Leading to more in-depth researches/thoughts
🔲 A model to get inspired by


~ LENGTH ~
🔲 Long enough for a cup of tea
🔲 Short
🔲 Average
✅ Long
🔲 To infinity and beyond


~ MUSIC ~
🔲 Just filling noises
🔲 Trivial and uneventful
✅ Good and/or fitting the game's artistic dispositions
🔲 Memorable
🔲 Transcending whispers of a forgotten world


~ INTEREST ~
🔲 I would rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive and/or uninspired
🔲 A good moment
✅ Sticking out of the pack
🔲 You will remember it long after


~ REPLAYABILITY ~
🔲 A one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years (or with mods)
🔲 Definitely
✅ Infinitely replayable (or almost)


~ BUGS ~
🔲 Never heard of
✅ Minor bugs
🔲 Can get annoying
🔲 Impacts the player's experience
🔲 The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs


~ REQUIREMENTS ~
🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Low
✅ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer


~ PRICE ~
🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
✅ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money


~ WORTH BUYING ~
🔲 No
🔲 If you have nothing else to play
✅ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes
 

Gaspard Savoureux
267 products in account
0
107 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
299.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 18
The new 2K launcher requires that you be online for Civ6 to launch. This is unacceptable for a single-player game that requires no online functionality.

And yeah, Comcast is currently down so now would be a great time to enjoy some single-player Civ6.

But no, 2K says "HAHA, F*** y**."
 

Balasarius
272 products in account
0
828 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
560.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2017
Game was advertised with Steam Workshop support both before and after release. Now they have removed this tag from the store page entirely and staying totally silent on mod support, probably to keep people buying DLC.
And as far as Civ games go, it's just very "meh". You'd be better off buying the complete Civ 5.

2020 update: Still wouldn't recommend it. Crashes a lot, tons of expensive DLC. Wait for support to end and a complete edition to be released.
 

Marble
3,220 products in account
23
233 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
76.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2020
I love civ and have played it since I was a child. I get so sad when playing this game. I really want to like it and it has some good mechanics, but it feels like my oldest and most faithful friend joined some pyramid scheme and always trying to sell me ♥♥♥♥♥♥, overpriced stuff. It really breaks my heart.
 

Urgruk
275 products in account
3
331 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 46

Not Recommended
319.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2020
Alright, after 225 hours and 3 expansions here is my casual-ish takeaway from Civ VI. I've decided to leave a "not recommended" review on the basis of the following issues which have, for the life of the game, prohibited my complete enjoyment of it.

First some good things. I think the art style is fine, though many prefer Civ V’s art style. I do wish hills were a little easier to see. I think the district system has largely been well made. It encourages forward thinking and creative placements of cities where you get good early tiles to work while preserving good spots for various districts later. Some people will not prefer it, preferring instead to focus on improving tiles. I think the spy system is well integrated with districts, giving you a lot of flexibility for disrupting enemy plans. The City-states are fun and diverse. The wonders (both natural and built) are all fairly powerful and neat to build and see in your empire. I think the movement changes from Civ V to VI are fine. You explore the map more slowly, but it makes more intuitive sense from a realism standpoint and feels less game-y. Combat (outside of the horrible AI) is more interesting than Civ V. The movement changes and introduction of corps and armies adds some much-needed pacing to combat, especially early on. In Civ V, combat was all very zerg-heavy (declare war, blast them away before they can react). Going "wide" is more viable than in Civ V but going "tall" can be tricky (new Civs are better at this, I haven't had as much experience with them yet.)I think they have reached, after many years, a decent balance with war-weariness and diplomacy (though the AI never seem as hostile towards each other as they are to you for some grievances). Early in the game’s life-cycle, AI were duplicitous traitors with whom you could not form lasting relationships—no longer the case.

The Bad:

1) The games systems are much more integrated with each other than previous Civ titles, which makes planning out a strategy more cohesive but eliminates the modularity of the game. Because the systems are all so integrated with one another, if you modify the kind of game you want to play for some variety you are left with some broken artifacts like tech and civics boosts which are now impossible. For instance, barbarians in this game are much more of a nuisance than in the previous title, Civ V, which is not inherently bad given that they were basically meaningless in most of that game’s life, but if you want to turn off Barbarians it messes up other systems in the game, particularly the tech and civics boosts which require feats like “kill 3 barbarians” or “clear a barbarian camp.” On top of this, without barbs you are nearly guaranteed an early dark age. In fact, its better to leave Barbs on for another reason, namely that at higher difficulty the AI deals with them more poorly than you do so it can help you out, even though they are annoying. So you’re left with this annoying system, which is integrated pretty strongly into other systems early. Barbs are one example, but the whole game has integration like this, making customization and even modding more onerous. In previous titles, you could make interesting custom games but in this game as you turn on and off settings other systems break easily. To compensate, they have added new modes like crazy meteor storms and frequent weather disruptions and stuff to instigate chaos (and they’re planning to add a mode which shuffles the tech and civics trees). I don’t really like these, because I’m often trying to create a specific sort of game for my mood, not just generate wild experiences. I don't think Civ is a series which lends itself to these kind of "crazy" modes, since much of the game is in the planning (not reacting) to events. Let me be clear, reaction based strategy gameplay does work (darkest dungeon is one of my absolute favorite games), but not as much here.

2) the AI issue raises my next point. AI in this series has been getting progressively worse since Civ iv, and this game takes the cake. For 3 expansions players have cried for improved AI but the AI is just as dumb as ever. Rather than fix the AI, each successive Civ game has just frontloaded the difficulty, by which I mean that the difficulty in the game emerges from giving the AI enormous starting advantages which, once overcome, are never really are a threat to you again. The effect of this is a very unbalanced play experience where early game wars are extremely difficult but late game wars are easy. This problem persists in all of my games, regardless of the victory condition I aim for. I never feel like the AI has done something crafty or attacked a vulnerability in my strategy for a cheeky win. They either overwhelm you with numbers or crumble. They are abysmal at combat, they do not play or act like humans, and negotiating with them is a chore. Once again, it is not possible to tell them to not forward settle you. The AI will place bad cities (for them) in the middle of your territory, providing more annoyance for no reason. You can tell them to stop sending religious units, but they will ignore you.

3) That brings me to my last concern, religion. The Religion system in this game is not fun. It is very tedious in single player and relatively pointless in multiplayer. In single player, I usually turn religious victories off because fighting the AI’s waves of religious units bogs the game down incredibly. They absolutely spam the hell out of religious units, which does not do the turn timer any favors as later turns get longer and longer, requiring more processing power while the AI shuffle their huge fleets of religious units. Like with regular combat, they fight religious wars not with tactics but with sheer overwhelming numbers which is a pain to deal with. It’s difficult to start a religion in higher difficulties, because the AI get such an enormous early advantage and the total number of religions allowed in a game is limited. Religious units can be killed by regular war units (after declaring war), meaning that in multiplayer a religious victory is nearly impossible and religion is pursued simply for the inherent buffs it gives in your own territory which are hardly worth it since most of them are buffs to the spreading of your religion in the first place. Thankfully, you can just turn off religion victory and ignore it; but that doesn't solve the AI spending huge amounts of time and resources (both in-game and computationally) shuffling around dozens of religious units each. I think it is indicative that the developers know the system is weak given its relative lack of integration compared to other systems.

On top of this, the expansions as I have bought them are almost always a good deal only once they go on sale. The raw content of the expansion (which often just amounts to fixes of previously bad design decisions) is not worth $40. They feel more like DLC than fully fleshed out expansions. If money is tight, which it has been these last years of my life, this game's cost has been a bit prohibitive. I think the team at Firaxis is pretty good at listening to fan feedback, but they seem to be limited in their capacity to fix some issues which I'm sure they are aware of (AI), probably due to budgetary restrictions and so on.

I just want to end by saying I know that my issues with the game are mostly subjective, and I have had fun with the game despite these issues. However, enough of the game systems are outright annoying that the game feels really frustrating and sloggish to play, and because they're integrated so heavily, hard to deal with or even mod out. Civ V has a robust mod archive and even years later provides as much as this game for less money-- so I would encourage people to consider which one they want to pick up.
 

Breakfasty
115 products in account
12
208 people found this review helpful
158 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
133.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2021
you can nuke Canada in this game
 

Glendyr ♥
267 products in account
0
295 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 12

Not Recommended
239.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2021
Remove the 2K launcher!
 

Kuntur
33 products in account
0
317 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
171.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 16, 2018
The warmonger thing is ridiculous... and no matter what you do, (too weak, too strong, not this, not that... ) you're hated and bombarded with constantly annoying denunciation cut scenes.
 

byteknight
52 products in account
0
849 people found this review helpful
46 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
269.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2018
a lot of bad things have been written about this game here. sadly they are all true. garbage ai, bad pacing, less unit types than in previous games and so much other crap.

yeah, they're trying to appeal to a broader audience. you could probably call it a try hard at this point. changing stuff to reinvent the game is one thing. but here it seems like people made the decisions, that never even played the f-ing game. imagine some paid creative dude looking at civ 5 and saying: "i know what this game needs, more micromanaging!"

so you have to move every single builder manually. genius and so immersive. what do you say, you think it's not entertaining to move 20+ builders every turn when you have a lot of cities? well, f you. you want a building queue? f you again. you want an in game screen that isn't cluttered with mostly useless information, while making you search for the few things you really need to know? f you very much.

the list goes on and on. sure, you can mod the game to an extent, but that shouldn't be necessary for such basic things. it's just bad design all over the place. speaking of bad design, what's with the comic look of the game itself? we're not talking frank miller here, more like some bad disney rip-off. you love it or hate it. personally it gives me eye-cancer.

another thing are in game options for single player. in civ 4 you could easily adjust what you want to see. show my moves normal and full fight animations, but speed that crap up for the ai? no chance of that here. you either skip all or nothing. why? i actually enjoy seeing my units move and fight, but i can't say the same for 8 other ai players plus city states. this pumps the turn time up to a ridiculous degree. if you skip all fight and movement animations, that's faster but sure feels dull for my taste.

dlc policy is a kick in the nuts for the consumer too. the whole ages and influence stuff was just cut out of the main game, to be sold separately later. their mentality is so bad, they're risking going full ea on us at this point. like the whole red shell thing. they spy on you in a full price game, get called out on it and are like "no, no, we're totally not stealing your data. and even if we are, what's it to you? everybody does it, so the suits said we should do it too. so f you, stupid customer." they took it out by now, but it leaves a sour taste.

one last thing. multiplayer is terrible when you play with strangers. there is no safeguard system for quitters and people who go full ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the chat. the host can kick players as he sees fit, but that's it. so sometimes you will be kicked because you play too good, or because the host feels like it.

so basicly in most games you will be with 4 players or less in under 50 turns. the quitters can enter a new game right away without problems. there is no ranking or consequences whatsoever. i hate that, but i can't blame those noobs too much. if you make it that easy to abuse the mechanics of the game, then you shouldn't wonder when people take advantage of it. bad design, again.

in conclusion: if you like civ and you have a few real-life friends who feel the same, get the game, mod the crap out of it and play private with them. that can actually be fun. if all of you can get the game to work that is. there's a 50/50 chance there will be some kind of problem for at least one of you. you can work around that, but it takes time.

buy the game and the dlc on sale. for under ten bucks for all of it you might actually get happy with it. otherwise stay the f away from it.
 

wehrkraftzersetzend
23 products in account
0
607 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2019
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

Please stop harvesting and selling our information, this isn't a product that was handed out for free the consumers have to pay for it. This isn't Facebook, this isn't Twitter or Google.

Changing the EULA and inserting red shell spyware is an utterly consumer unfriendly move and I disgust in this behaviour of 2K and Firaxis.


The game itself?


Poor AI, to compensate for Poor AI, they allows it to cheat... in 3 turns AI players can have units and buildings that should have taken 20+ turns. In one turn the AI city went from level 7 to level 9, just because it was under siege. AI moves and attack with all his troops in one turn, player is only allowed to move one unit...no attacking.

As per usual with this Civ series all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ civilizations attack from day one. Endless requests thats concealed threats. And all the "random" barbarians attack constantly. The Civ franchise never learn. Its a disgrace. Not worth the money. Thought this Civ was different...played since Civ I. There is a reason this game doesnt get recognition...
 

Arcanix
86 products in account
0
614 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
84.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
Review Update:
At launch, the game seemed promising but the AI was either retarded or overly competent. A great deal of players found the art-style an eyesore and the content was lacking. Now two expansions later, and still more on the way, I can say that this game has somewhat improved. It remedied many of its shortcomings, except the art-style. For my part, I still prefer the nearly perfect straightforwardness of Civ V.
Civ VI is at the same time more complex and more strenuous. I see the quirky appeal of this newest iteration but for me personally, the less of Civ V is ultimately more enjoyment.
I just cannot give a thumbs up to a sequel that is not a definite improvement.


[old review]

I have no doubt that this game will improve once all the expansions and patches are out. Do not buy it as of yet. AI is not good at all and Firaxis needs to get this message.

Stick to your CIV V for a year or two and then buy Civ VI on a discount.
 

kawoe
226 products in account
18
1,102 people found this review helpful
557 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
72.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 8, 2017
The AI in a nutshell:
Turn 1: Hi
Turn 7: Oh that thing you had no control over? I Hate you for it.
Turn 10: Oh, I settled a city next to your empire in those three useless tundra tiles? You are an expansionist monster!
Turn 15: Denounced for existing
Turn 19: I can't stand you any longer! Prepare to die Pig! *Declares war*
Turn 20: OH ♥♥♥♥, ALL IS LOST! I SURRENDER!
Turn 21: Oh, I declared war on you, then gave you 3 cities in a peace deal for no reason? Me and all the other AI now hate you forever, Warmongering Fascist.
Turns 22- 999 *rinse and repeat*
I may be beating a dead horse here, but the fish AI in Advanced Warfare was more of a threat than these... "adversaries". But hey, at least I can always buy more useless AI idiots, for ONLY 5$ each. Culture is still good though... If you like staring at an unmanagable wall of generic colored cards every other turn.
6/10
 

GreatMooseLord
102 products in account
48
262 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
1,076.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2020
UPDATE 10/30:
Nope, froze again. And crashed my Mac. Again. Normal settings, 70 turns in. Damn you, Aspyr.

UPDATE 10/21:
In the past week I've been able to play a game past 200 turns for the first time in months. No crashes or freezes! Also no peep from the devs about any official fixes and the game still clocks in at about 500% CPU during play at normal settings on my 2019 MBP. BUT... there may be some fixes in the works? A guy can hope.

Your mileage may vary. I'm still saying "don't recommend" until I hear word about an official fix.

ORIGINAL REVIEW:

DO NOT BUY ON MAC. The game has been unplayable on MacOs since at least May or June. You'll get a few turns (or a few dozen turns) in and then your whole computer will freeze and crash. The developers refuse to acknowledge the issue, let alone fix it. Check the Steam Mac forum if you don't believe me.
 

jtmorgan25
13 products in account
20
209 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 8

Not Recommended
420.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 22
This was a truly fantastic game, one I happily sank hundreds of hours into, until they introduced the 2K games launcher. Since then it's become basically unplayable, constant freezes and bugs make it impossible to get even close to through one game without the risk of a random crash putting you back several turns. Please fix.
 

dr bitchcraft
139 products in account
0
758 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,138.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2016
**11/24/16 Updated Review - Fall 2016 update** New Rating (6/10)
Some improvements have been made to the AI, but it is still ineffective at fielding a modern military and attacking effectively. Also, the warmongering penalties for taking cities still apply irrespective of the war initiator. The "freeze when exiting to desktop" bug is unfixed.

**Original 11/03/16 Review** (Rating: 4/10)
I love history, and I love computer games. Thus, every release of a Civilization game leads me down a path of addiction and lost sleep.

This pattern has held true to a certain extent for Civilization 6, but I have to give the newest Civ game some tough love and admit that it is not yet up to par.

Let me start out this review by saying I have enjoyed a significant amount of my playtime so far with Civilization 6. I will start with the positives:

1. I like the new districts feature, where you must pick a tile for a campus, market, temple, etc., before you build it. This prevents you from having one or two "supercities" containing all of your wonders and other important buildings, which never quite felt realistic to me in previous Civ games.

2. Some will disagree, but I think the way workers/builders are incorporated in Civ 6 is an improvement. Workers cannot build an infinite number of improvements, as they could in previous Civ games. Now, by default, they can build 3 improvements - but, the improvements are completed instantly. I will accept the trade-off of having to build/buy new workers when I don't have to wait 5 turns for them to complete their work.

3. On a related note, in past Civ games (except for Civilization Revolution), you would have to micromanage your workers in order to build roads between your cities (or cities to other nations). In Civ 6, when you build a Trader unit and initiate a trade route, roads are built automatically. I absolutely LOVE this.

4. I like the new "Eureka" moments that speed up your research when you complete a specific task in the game - these consistent shots of dopamine are quite addictive and encourage you to mix-up your playstyle.

5. Diplomacy is a mess (more on this later in the review), but I do appreciate how the interface now gives you a scale of how much a leader likes/dislikes you and the reasons for their attitude towards you.

6. The espionage component of the game is greatly enhanced over Civ 5. Now, when you send spies to a given city, you are offered various missions (steal a technology advance, steal gold, sabotage production, etc.).

Now, the negatives:

1. **BUGS** Some of the bugs/glitches I have encountered have been fairly minor - for example, I had the game crash when I was choosing a diplomatic card/option after researching a specific civic policy (closing out of the pop-up menus and then proceeding was the workaround). Some bugs are just plain weird - I was playing as Teddy Roosevelt (America), met Germany, Germany later declared a joint war on me along with ... Teddy Roosevelt? No, it was actually Arabia (who I had not yet met in the game). One bug, however, is quite aggravating - when I try to exit to the desktop, the game will just sit there. The computer itself is not frozen - I can Ctrl-Alt-Del and sign out of Windows 10 - but it is an irritating inconvenience. Oddly enough, this particular bug did not present itself during my first week of play; it first started happening several days ago when I would play for long periods of time (2+ hours), and now it happens virtually every time I exit (regardless of how long I played).

2. **User Interface ** The actual layout of the interface is not terrible, but there are many items of information that are completely missing (or I simply have not found them yet). In Civ 5, you could click the Diplomacy window and be able to instantly see what luxury resources other Civs had to offer, what resources City States had, what trade agreements were currently active, and what wars were currently taking place. ALL of that is gone! So, if I need to trade for some luxuries, I have to click each leader portrait, open the trade screen, and see if they have a surplus luxury they might want to trade. Click-click-click-click-click-click. Do you want to see if a nation is at war with one of your prized City States? Too bad. Want to know when your trade agreement with England will be expiring - or, if you even have a trade agreement with England at all - tough luck. I can't even see what resources I have from trading. If I forget I traded for diamonds 10 turns ago, I might very well trade for it again.

3. **Diplomacy is a mess** There's no sugarcoating it. I like the ability to send a delegation/embassy, which will provide you with information about the other nation (sometimes too much information - thanks, but I don't really need to know about each trivial thing a nation does, like building a Settler). Nations have specific agendas - which is neat, except that the agendas almost always conflict with how you have to play the game. For example, one leader does not like nations that interact with City States. If I wanted to cooperate with him, I would have to completely ignore one facet of the game itself.

Nations will denounce you all the time. And when they denounce you once, they generally keep doing it indefinitely.

To reduce warmongering penalties, you are now given justifications for going to war (casus belli), which is really cool except that sometimes they don't trigger. I once caught an enemy spy, which should have opened a casus belli against that nation, but it didn't.

Finally, one of the many things I loved about Civ 5 was when a leader would propose a joint war to you, you could reply in effect "Sounds good, but can you give me 10 turns to get ready?" This option is gone in Civ 6, which is very disappointing. Look, I generally don't have an army that is mobilized and ready to go to war on a moment's notice, okay?

Want to pledge protection to your favorite City States (as you could in Civ 5)? Can't do it.

4. **Amenities** I might be in the minority on this, but I actually liked the overall Happiness meter in Civ 5. It was a straightforward indicator of the happiness/unhappiness level of my nation, and I always enjoyed going into a Golden Age after an extended period of happiness. Now, happiness is determined on a city-by-city basis and is remedied by "amenities", which is okay I guess, except that how amenities are calculated is unclear at best. The quickest way to get amenities is by luxury resources, but trading for them is a mess due to the diplomacy interface (see above).

5.**AI (lack thereof)**It has been well documented by other reviewers that the AI of other nations in the game is suspect - whether it is waging war, engaging in diplomacy, building cities, etc. I thought the AI in Civ 5 : Brave New World wasn't bad at all - by the modern era, I had developed friendships with other nations that shared my ideology, and nations of opposing ideologies had formed alliances amongst themselves. Couldn't Firaxis have built on this, instead of going back to Square One?

6. **No Diplomatic Victory Condition and No World Congress / United Nations** Civ 4 and Civ 5 had Diplomatic Victory Conditions out of the box, and dealing with nations at the World Congress and proposing various resolutions was great fun in Civ 5 : Brave New World. Oh well - I guess certain things had to be saved for the expansions, right?

So, at this point, Civ 6 is really a mixed bag. Hopefully patches will clean up the bugs and UI issues, but there is a lot of work that needs to be done in many areas - specifically the AI needs a major upgrade. I hope we don't have to wait for an expansion to get logical, competent play from the CPU.

If you're looking for a complete and polished Civ experience, I would recommend sticking with Civ 5 and the Brave New World expansion for now.
 

terryrheault
16 products in account
28
191 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
111.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 18
Until they fix my constant crashing, I cannot recommend this game. This was an issue they created months ago when they did a patch, and its not just me, go to Reddit and you will find hundreds of players effected the same way and the devs have basically told all of us to get bent, they refuse to help us.

Before the trolls start I have done it all to fix this game. I have spent over an hour online looking up a fix.. I have spent days with the devs going back and forth till I was told (basically) that I was S.O.L.
One day I logged on to a game that ran great for over 100 hours, the next day it crashed constantly with no explanations..

Now.. prior to the update that ruined everything, this game was great.. I played over 100 hours (before the stupid crashing every 5 minutes) and had a lot of fun, this was just what I needed to scratch that world domination itch without massive complexity. I like to set the difficulty to a hard level, fill it with city states and as many AI as I can get and just go all out war on everything, sometimes I win.. sometime I lose.. but I enjoy this game VERY much.. and I will give it a positive review to reflect that.. as soon as the devs stop picking and eating the toilet paper cling-ons from their a$$ and do their job to fix a game they broke..
 

Xtreme4s™
95 products in account
17
151 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 10

Not Recommended
52.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2021
Love the game, but can't recommend it due to the publishers not really paying attention to bug submissions.

Ran into a well known (since 2016 at least) bug that prevents a religious victory from triggering.
Tested on multiple platforms (Linux, Win, Switch) and submitted the save file plus my complete bug report and reproduction steps. (This included opening files to examine state etc.)

Multiple patches later and still only really seeing stuff for the season pass.
(And I've opened and tested the bugged save file each patch to confirm.)

I will probably change this review if they fix it, but till then: buyer beware.
 

Amos_Keeto
432 products in account
0
155 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3,659.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2016
With more than 3000 hours racked up on Civ V, I should be sacrificing sleep and my social life to play this game.

As it is, I've won several games but now given up.

It's still exciting at the beginning - founding cities, fighting barbarians, trying to avoid getting taken over by the AI.

And there is lots to like in the new game - builders, the new city layouts, envoys to City States, Eureka and so forth.

However once you get to mid-game, and the AI doesn't update its armies, at that point you can go for Domination very easily, but if you're a Science Victory type (as I am) then it's just a grind. The mid-to-late game is just a grind, it's not enjoyable, so the thrill of victory is lost - it's just a relief not to be repeating every other turn "yes, keep that spy there please" or "yes, keep that trade route".

Luxuries - yes, no idea which city is getting what.

The "one more turn" has been lost. I don't want one more turn. It's basically, after a few hours, boring, not compelling.

I'll spin it up again once there's been a patch. There's an incredible game in here, somewhere, but it needs a hell of a polish to reveal it.
 

ben
44 products in account
3
122 people found this review helpful
103 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
723.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2021
Islamic state of Germany has attacked and nuked the Buddhist Russians, prompting me, the Judaist England, to attack the Orthodox state of Egypt's tanks with my crossbowmen. 10/10, would "f*ck it, why not" again.
 

Cpt. "No UwU" Uwe
170 products in account
0
393 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 12

Not Recommended
130.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 2
Ever since the third party launcher was introduced, this game constantly crashes. No fix yet. Avoid purchasing until fixed
 

OAKENSHIELD43
175 products in account
18
301 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 8

Not Recommended
215.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 19
Crashes constantly since the introduction of 2K launcher.
 

[EXD] Frix
240 products in account
0
103 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
353.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2020
buy it on sale. not worth $60 but good at 20
 

Gravity Well
125 products in account
0
101 people found this review helpful
182 people found this review funny 22

Recommended
2,215.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2020
One.. More.. Turn.. 1313 hours later and I'm wondering where my wife went and why my job stopped paying me to play Civ6 all day. Help!
 

Baschagas
30 products in account
3
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2,487.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2019
Final review is below...but...I'd recommend you play humankind since it's better. :-)

Final Product Review?....
Well this has been an eventful DLC pack. The Modes have certainly made the game worth playing again and with the Barbarians and Heros Packs I'm very much happy with the overall experience. I've always wanted to play with no city states and be able to recruit city states next to my opponents. Barbarians gives a nice needed touch to an otherwise already worn experience. Heros....is....in my opinion bloody brilliant. And the Secret Societies makes things more interesting for each play through. I'm still rather disappointed with the roll out format of DLC content that really ought to have been there from the start. I can only advise purchasing this game at this stage in the game as a whole, with no DLC content packs included. Its just not worth your time and energy if it isn't complete. This gets back to my earlier review found bellow. The game feels incomplete without some of these new features and at its core experience is an unoriginal prepackaged money grab. With all DLC and packs included in one single price (maybe 20 Bucks at this point) I'd advice purchasing it).

Note. This is an add on. The full review is further down. It is currently May 9th, and Civ VI is on sale for 74 percent off Gold edition. One problem. GATHERING STORM IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE #*$&^#$&*^ PACKAGE. Unbelievable......

Its time. I purchased this game when it first came out when I was still high on the awesome experience I'd had from Civ V in its polished glory. I felt an extreme low when I'd finished the game and realized that many features I was expecting to be present in Civ VI were not present, either in the rush to get the product out or in the desire for monetizing the game for as long as possible. I purchased expansion for rise and fall, and was excited for new features, but they did satisfy my interests in what I knew was the full potential for a Civ VI experience. And then Gathering storm came out....and I did not purchase it. Not because I didn't want to, I really want to because I believe with Gathering storm the game has reached its full potential and the many bugs and other things that you'd expect to be gone from a finished product would be gone. If not gone then soon to be fixed or improved as is evidence of many patches and updates.

To the many developers of this game, this is a beautiful game, and you can pat yourselves on the back for good work done. But I'm no longer interested in spending money on unfinished products, or waiting for said products to be on sale. I recently wrote a review on Outward, a game made by ten people. Basic, primitive, easily laughable in comparison to some of the most graphically enhanced games out there. But the game was built, and finished, and sold for 2/3 the price of a triple A game (without all of the additional content). It was refreshing, and while I understood it to be a fleeting experience with sometimes frustrating mechanics, I still enjoyed it more in the small time I've had it than the Beyond Earth and Civ VI experiences. Why? Because I do not feel roped along by a hock line and sink marketing approach. I am tired of being let down by something that was never intended to be the finished product.

Understand, this is not the same sort of micro-transaction scheme you see from Anthem or Battlefront, but selling powerful Civs on the side without including them in a package deal for one of the DLC's and slowly rolling out DLC content (good content I might add) is something I can't support anymore. I'll wait till your Gathering storm is on sale one more time, but after this any game you make I'm waiting till you're finished with it to purchase.
 

lrbanthony
55 products in account
0
346 people found this review helpful
25 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
104.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 11, 2019
Cool game, but DLC is outrageously priced.

Wait 3 years for a gold edition or something.
 

Dr Ymath
207 products in account
0
76 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
119.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 26
don't trust Montzuma
 

Greeny-57
23 products in account
0
333 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
The platinum pack that includes all dlc and the base game is way cheaper than all the dlc by themselves, and is NOT availavle for purchase if you have the base game. Way to royally duck over the players, 2K.
 

Edelcast
854 products in account
9
47 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 7

Recommended
1,806.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2019
I have been playing Civilization since the first game. I've always considered this as a modern chess game. Each turn you make a choice but you have to make the right one if you want your civilization pass the test of time.

Civ6 + Expansions = BEST
 

Roven (TPTV)
477 products in account
0
337 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
47.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2017
The AI is too unprediciatable and unclear at the diplomatic portion of the game.

If you attack anyone, even in defense, you are branded a war monger. Allies switch alliances for 0 reason, without provication, explanation or cause. They will denounce you for the vaguest of reasons and then attack for no cause at all.

I'm done playing a game where I have to walk around the AI constantly, its like every single one of the leaders in this game are on an emotional rollercoster and you can't tell how they will act from turn to turn. That's not life, thats bad programming.
 

Sted
49 products in account
6
137 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
342.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2019
Good game. Takes a little bit of getting used to if coming from Civ V, and too expensive; when it comes to the EULA bs, I quote someone who was very insightful:

"To everyone jumping on the EULA band wagon, I just want to provide some facts that you can check out for yourself. If you're still mad after that, totally fine, but just hear me out.

The section that people keep quoting is NOT from Civ 6's EULA. It is from take 2's privacy policy (the parent company for 2k) which can be found here: https://www.take2games.com/privacy/ This means a few things.
This is also not "new" at all. The last change made to the take 2 privacy policy was in May 8, 2018 (at the time of writing this review). I have literally no idea where people are getting the notion that this was changed in accordance with Gathering Storm, but these policies have been applying to you that entire time.
This policy applies to every single take 2 game. That means it applies to any Rockstar game (so time to hang up your cowboy hats and rocket cars), any 2k game (say goodbye to Rapture, Thin Men, and any incarnation of Nuclear Gandhi), and the brand new title by obsidian: Outer Worlds. Every single one of these games is affected by that privacy policy, not just Civ 6. The "most helpful review" states that he has played his last game of civ 6... well then I guess he's played his last game of all of these as well.
It's not just written for games. This policy also applies to their storefront (the reason that they need to collect payment information) as well as any forums or sweepstakes (the reason they might need your address, if they need to ship you something).

Take 2's privacy policy is not radical at all. If you look at Ubisoft ( https://legal.ubi.com/privacypolicy/en-GB ) or even steam ( https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/ ) there is a lot of incredibly similar language. If you don't want to read it all just control F some keywords. If these privacy statements frighten you, go and look up the producers of your favorite games, because there is a very good chance that they have a similar privacy policy.

The section that the "Most Helpful Review" quotes is taken horribly out of context. He takes it from the "What Personal and Other Information Does the Company Collect" section. At first glance that sounds like exactly the right context, until you look closer. He starts his quote right after this: "The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity" What activities you might ask? ANYTHING.

Literally any interaction you might have with the company is listed above, from requesting tech support, to purchasing a product in the store, to subscribing to a newsletter. The people review bombing this game are trying to make it seem like this policy turns the game into some sort of spyware, sniffing out your personal details. In fact, the most helpful review PURPOSEFULLY misleads you to garner more fear. He specifically states the game is collecting your address (it is included in his quote that is taken out of context). However, this is directly contradicted by the "What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect?" Section, where they state very plainly that they do not collect your name or address during gameplay.


Look, I'm not saying that you aren't allowed to be mad or suspicious, but please, do research and think critically before your are led into being mad for the wrong reasons."
 

Farage
119 products in account
2
734 people found this review helpful
118 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,217.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2016
Let me start out by saying that I want to give this a *good* review. I really, really do. Because for the first 25-30 hours it was a refreshing change from Civ 5 in a lot of ways. Yes, it has its bugs and flaws (Diplomacy in particular), but I figured that Firaxis would be quick to patch out some of these nagging little issues, as well as swiftly release the integrated modding tools (as they had talked plenty about) and that winning combination would help solve these issues and allow modders to add further depth and quality to what I considered a decent basic framework. Certainly, at least, the game actually runs stable and could be played on release, which is more than anyone could say for Civ 5 even today.

So why am I giving this a thumbs down?

Well, for starters, the diplomacy flaws I mentioned. If you've played Civ 5 you'll remember that once an AI denounced you, that was pretty much it for the rest of the game. You were going to eternally be re-denounced every time the modifier expired. As well, a denunciation from one AI often meant a dogpile of further denunciations from several other leaders in a laughable gongshow of virtual feces slinging that wouldn't end until those AIs were eliminated (Which usually resulted in further denunciation, et cetera)...

Well, Firaxis, in their attempts to "fix" this somehow actually managed to make it even worse. It seems that in Civ 6, just being a player in the game will get you denounced by AIs. In my first game, I was actually denounced by 3 different leaders in less than 100 turns, and all I did was focus on development inside my own borders. This continued to snowball the entire game until I had every leader, -including my allies-, denouncing and subsequently declaring war on me every few turns without discernible cause. Usually these wars would end in their surrendering and paying me. At one point I was earning 75 GPT in surrender deals across the board Banks HATED me. Learn how I was making 180 GPT with this one simple trick!.

Diplomacy rating: Wat/10

But Tyler, what about the district system? Surely that's a great addition!

Well, I'm glad you asked, poopypants. I like the idea. It's a good idea. It was one of my favorite parts of Endless Legend. And it would be a favorite part here too, if Firaxis didn't manage to make it so My-Steam-Username. For starters, cities generally look like one coherent, sprawling entity. Not so with Civ 6! Apparently Firaxis' definition of a city is "Looks like a bunch of tile improvements loosely clustered together". Now, I'm not asking for Cities Skylines when I play Civ 6, but having the ground texture around districts change to something akin to Civ 4's city ground textures, and/or having more of the small buildings fill in the gaps between districts, or just making the districts take up the -whole- tile instead of only occupying about 2/3 of it would all look better than what we got, visually. But visuals aren't all that matters, so here's the real issue with districts:

The garbage UI makes it almost impossible to plan them thanks to almost zero information, and it isn't until the late game that you can actually see *all* the effects the location will have on a district. Indeed, I actually had to resort to Reddit to figure out efficient district placement, because Civ 6 itself does such a crap job at providing any useful information. But the real kicker is that I found by late game district planning hardly even mattered. I would build my cities to crank out as much production and gold as they could while completely ignoring the other currencies, and I would somehow still be coming out in first place in 4/5 victory conditions I checked during setup.

"Okay so the city building changes are total duds, at least the combat is good right? I mean, Corps and Armies and stuff - pretty cool right?"

Oh you naive little bumnugget. I was like you once. Then I tested these systems out. Turns out they fulfill the same role as combat strength promotions in previous Civ games, except now you have to destroy a perfectly good unit (or 2) to use it. I honestly don't know what the hell the point of this was. When they talked about Corps and Armies, they made it sound like you could combine an infantry unit with artillery and AA (for example) and have a unit that, while weaker than those 3 individually, could fulfill the roles of each unit within one tile.

What we got however, was again, strength promotions that require you to kill up to 2 units to promote the intended unit.

I believe this short clip sums up my feelings on this accurately:

YouTube™ Video: ABSOLUTELY DISGRACEFUL 
Views: 42,364


"At least Firaxis introduced culturally diverse units like they talked about in Q&As and dev videos!"

♥♥♥♥♥ you. Digganobz.

In other words, no. They gave us the same unit models with different skin tones/paint jobs. So everyone still uses Sherman tanks, it's just that some civs get GREY Sherman tanks, while some get TAN. Or GREEEEEN. OooOOOOOooOOh

Much wow. Such diversity. Very multiculturalism.

And your cities? Step backwards. They're diverse up until the industrial age and then they all look identical. I mean, even Civ 5 had at least distinct cities based on ethnicity.

"Alright, Captain Crabbypanties, why don't you just get mods for these things then and fix them?"

Shut your sausage hole, that's 'MR. Captain Crabbypanties' to you. Also, Firaxis has added Workshop Support after -half a year- of the game being out. Hey, they still failed class, but at least they got at least one point toward their grade. Of course, we're gonig to have to take it away thanks to their DLC policy being straight out of the SEGA bible, but you know. Thought that counts.

"Did Firaxis get -anything- right, according to you then!?"

Sure, it's just that for everything they got right, they seemed to get 2 things wrong the more I played. The art direction is so-so. I'm *okay* with it, but I'm still not a fan really. If I wanted to play something that looks like Clash of Clans, I'd play Clash of Clans like a filthy casual. It's not unpleasant, it's just... Not what I think of visually when someone says "Civilization".

They were right about this being the most fleshed-out base game in the series. They've managed to include spying and religion as base game features, which is cool. Leaves more room open for totally new features to the series in further expansions/DLC. However, religion suffers from the same dumb AI as Civ 5 when it comes to picking bonuses and any time you lose a founding to an AI, you can consider it an opportunity completely wasted for the rest of the game. And I really only found spying useful from the perspective of preventing enemy spies from annoyingly destroying my districts. Maybe these systems will get more refining and weight down the line but right now they don't feel particularly influential towards the outcome of a game, at least in singleplayer.

Like I said, the bad rating is a huge shame, since Civ 6 has a lot of really great ideas that just haven't been that well executed. I get that it's a first try for a lot of this stuff and new systems take some tweaking and patching to get just right, but until that happens I really can't say that Civ 6 has much going for it right now to make it worth paying $80 CAD

Would give a 50/50 review if possible.
 

Bungd-up
332 products in account
26
251 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
158.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2019
Glad I paid 60 dollars for this on launch and bought the expanison for them to install spyware and sell all of your information. How is this not illegal?
"INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE

By installing and using the Software, you consent to the information collection and usage terms set forth in this section and Licensor's Privacy Policy, including (where applicable) (i) the transfer of any personal information and other information to Licensor, its affiliates, vendors, and business partners, and to certain other third parties, such as governmental authorities, in the U.S. and other countries located outside Europe or your home country, including countries that may have lower standards of privacy protection; (ii) the public display of your data, such as identification of your user-created content or displaying your scores, ranking, achievements, and other gameplay data on websites and other platforms; (iii) the sharing of your gameplay data with hardware manufacturers, platform hosts, and Licensor's marketing partners; and (iv) other uses and disclosures of your personal information or other information as specified in the above-referenced Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. If you do not want your information used or shared in this manner, then you should not use the Software."

and of course:

"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."
 

JustSin
558 products in account
0
111 people found this review helpful
270 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
162.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2020
They still haven't added Austria.... But that's fine, it's not like I'm entirely dependent on Austria for happiness or anything. Good game asides from the absence of Austria. It would be nice if they added Austria, but I don't really care or anything like that, it's just that I thought it might help the game. I don't need Austria. I'm fine.
 

Alice
119 products in account
0
278 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
129.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2017
I really, really hate to give this a tumbs down. They talked about advanced AI, choices mattering, diplomacy being important blah blah. But in countless amounts of games I'm at war with 3-4 civs by turn 25, some that have even declared friendship with no provacation at all. This needs to be fixed, as it completely ruins the game when you get bumrushed by civs that obviously cheat since they had countless military units and are somehow ahead in every infrastructure category. Never had this issue in Civ 5 or any other game as much as this one. Back to only doing military victory every game it is.
 

Masterom2000
928 products in account
1
262 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 14

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 7
New EULA:
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

This is terrible. I was going to play this game for longer, but this definitely puts the break on that choice. I'm uninstalling this game for the time being and I recommend you do the same. I have zero tolerance for companies who pull this sort of stunt on their customer/fan base.
 

✟Courier✟
7 products in account
2
220 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
217.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 12
I would love this game if it weren't constantly crashing.
 

TheHummingbird
76 products in account
0
271 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2021
Fxxking the 2K Launcher!!!!
Free advise for 2K Launcher 1.4.0:
2K Launcher has been removed.
 

Taku𝖒𝖎
1,493 products in account
13
405 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
307.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2016
As someone who has been a hopeless addict since the days of Civilization II, and who was ~still~ playing Civ V up until this release, I was very anxious to finally get my hands on Civ VI. I watched some of the pre-release gameplay on the interwebs, so I was prepared for the most obvious changes. I really, really, ~really~ wanted to love this game.

And there are parts that I do love. The new way that cities are managed, where each tile can contain a valuable resource or an even more valuable district, is sublime. Having to pick and choose which cities will focus on what vs. the old method of just building everything everywhere is far more realistic and challenging. The new trade system, which not only increases your gold income but can also provide boosts in science, culture, and production while simultaneously (and freely) building a road network is a huge improvement over past iterations. "Researching" cultural advancements as well as technological breakthroughs provides a whole new level of development. Earning and deploying envoys to gradually boost your influence (and rewards) from city states is a fresh new take on that mechanic. Frequently earning boosts to your technological or cultural advancement simply by doing normal activities which you'd have done anyway is great. The amount of thought going into this game, and the obvious efforts to deploy a truly ~new~ Civilization rather than a re-skin of past versions is quite welcome.

But for every one of the "goods", there is a bad. With so many potential paths toward development and city-building, the game itself can be overwhelming at times. The new, hyper-aggressive barbarians can require far too much effort to contain during the crucial early game. Diplomacy with the AI is just as baffling as ever, if not more so--you'll frequently get cryptic messages from AI leaders which hint to something you're doing well (or not) without explaining what it is, you'll still have AI empires pledging eternal friendship and adoration in one turn and then declaring war on you the next, you'll frequently be offered one-sided trades which hurt your diplomacy rating if refused, and once the AIs have declared war on you (and fought just as ineffectually as ever), you'll be offered a king's ransom to return to peace. The map itself can be difficult to decipher, as some resources look very similar and rain forest tiles have the tendency to obscure goody huts or barbarian camps located within them. Ship-building and intercontinental exploration seems to come a little too soon on the timeline, leading to even more inane (and unskippable) diplomacy screens. Once religions come into play, the missionary spam is unbelievable (and largely unstoppable). The "sleep" and "skip turn" buttons are easily confused with builders and settlers, making for the possibility of forgetting a unit for centuries. Garrisoned units and city walls do not automatically activate when a hostile unit is within range, but units set to "fortify until healed" DO re-activate every time they are attacked. All of this leads to a great deal of unnecessary button-mashing, map scrolling, and waiting for the dang AI to shut up so you can just get on with the next turn.

It's that last bit which is perhaps most disappointing in this game--I no longer feel that "one more turn" urge which I have in every previous edition of the franchise. I've started numerous games, using different leaders and map settings (and the lack of map options is another downgrade), but I've yet to actually ~finish~ a single game. Each attempt starts the same: found my capital, expand, bump into AI civs, attempt to build up good relations with them, and then end up fighting wars which they cannot possibly win but insist on starting. Meanwhile I'm trying to remember which city just finished which district, deciding whether to produce even more districts, or building within them, or wonders, or military units, or builders & settlers to further expand, or traders for money, or spies for diplomacy, or architects for ruins (but do I have enough buildings to put them in?)...it really is a case of too many options spoiling the whole thing. Oh, and when you tack on keeping track of which cities need more housing or amenities or food to expand...it becomes more of a chore than a form of entertainment.

Long-time Civ fans will have already bought this game, so there's no point in making a recommendation to them. Those new to the franchise have probably been actively avoiding it up until now, so there's no point there either. But, on the off chance that you're someone familiar with Civilization who has not yet purchased this version...wait. With some patches and refinements this may well become a very good game, but in its current form it might be worth the money, but it isn't worth the time required to play it.
 

ThatGuy
4 products in account
9
55 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
259.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 19
I don't have a job or a girlfriend

Edit: finally got a job, now for the latter
 

DefusingBombs
106 products in account
0
64 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
38.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2021
Epic game. The sheer number of mechanics might be overwhelming if you're new to strategy games but otherwise def worth a buy. 10/10 would build Statue of Liberty in Ottawa again
 

Bar Bar Jinks
176 products in account
0
621 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
159.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2016
This hurts me. I have been playing Civ since an 11 year old me picked up Civ III complete and lost almost all of his free time to it. But this must be said. In its current state, unless you are a die-hard Civ fan, I would wait for a sale, or stick to a modded Civ V complete.

Good:

-Districts: At least from an imersion standpoint, the mechanic makes the map feel a little more alive, as everything isn't crammed into a single tile, it helps paint a picture of large urban centers with smaller towns scattered around the map. Also, since districts gain bonuses from each other, natural wonders, improvements, and terrain features, it can be a lot of fun to plot out your cities to ensure maximum effeciency. Tall play is encouraged with districts as well. Factories, for example can boost the production for all cities within a certain radius, not just the city they are attached to. Overall, districts are a fun addition to the game.

-Art: This is subjective. Some hate it, some love it, and I am in the latter category. I like how the fog of war looks like an old map, it's a nice upgrade from the old clouds of yesteryear. I don't mind the leader animations, and I think some are quite nice/adorable (Victoria's denouncement animation, it is adorable, watch it).

-Barbarians: Actually a threat rather than a nuisance. Though perhaps they are too good for the civ AI to handle. See the bad section.

-Music: Really good. Especially that intro/menu theme. Don't know if it will win a Grammy like Baba Yetu did, but it is still really beautiful song.

Bad:

-The AI... My gods, the AI. Do not expect to have any meaningful relationships other than war at this point in the game. I have had several games where I encounter a civ, only for them to break the game's own diplomatic rules and declare wars on me for no conceivable reason. It wasn't even surprise wars, it was full blown formal wars, and we had just met a turn ago! Good luck to you if the AI will even prosecute said war. Sometimes they don't produce a single unit, other times they flood your lands with units, but stand before your foritifed cities in wonder as you plink away at them. Sometimes the AI gets wiped by barbarians! This mess will hopefully be improved with patches, but this was not a good foot to set off on.

-Warmongering and Causus Belli: An awesome idea, courtesy of our friends over at Paradox. If you have a good reason to declare war (religious reasons, liberation, ally needs help) state that reason when you declare war, and warmonger penalties are reduced! Right? Wrong! Even if you have every reason to declare war (reclaim your original capitol), and you are in the right, expect to have the entire world turn their backs on you, or declare war on you in turn. While I haven’t encountered it yet, I am willing to bet that even if you enter a joint war with your ally, they will denounce you as a warmonger, even though they dragged you into the war.

-Diplomacy: Let's ignore the infinite warmongering AI for now. While the agenda system works in theory, there are several things that you need to do to win that WILL cause the AI to throw a hissy fit. Settle on a different continent than Victoria? Angry England. Have one less unit than Cleopatra? Pissed off Egypt. Declare war on someone sharing Theodore's continent? American denouncement. Sumeria harassing city-states and you want in on the fun? Gilgamesh obviously thinks that YOU are the true warmonger. The fact that each leader also has a hidden agenda that you can't see without a rather large investment is a monkey wrench in the works that the diplomacy system can ill afford. You might just be better off having the foreign policy of the DPRK (North Korea) in this game; fortify your borders and lash out at anyone that gets close (along with routing all the food aid to your dear leader).

-Happiness: Happiness has gone from an empire-wide resource to a local one, now called amenities. You need a certain number per pop to keep the city happy. This all but requires you to settle near luxuries to keep your cities content. Settle away from them, and the city will be rabid within a few turns. The empire wide system worked. This system, not so much.

-UI: The UI royally screws over several mechanics in this game. The poor religious UI is far more confusing than Civ V's pressure system ever was, mis-clicking and mis-selecting cities/units/production tabs will occur frequently. Also, you will experience your civ declaring war on itself at some point, or a civ you haven’t met yet declaring war on you.

-Religion: Speaking of that elephant in the room, the theological combat between religious units was a neat idea, but a poorly executed mechanic. There are three religious units, and only two of those can fight. And if the religious victory is on, or Gandhi is in play, expect to get swamped by religious units that the Ai will spawn (sometimes by cheating, I swear) that you can't stop without declaring war on the civ that sent them, or lose your tailored religion to the AI's cult of madness. Turn the victory condition off and hope a mod comes out soon that will disable religion all together or reform it.

Ugly:

-Districts: They can't be moved once you chose the initial construction site. So if you mis-click (and you will) hope you have an autosave or quick save to go to, otherwise your carefully laid plans will go flying out the window, plunge a few hundred stories, and splatter on the pavement below.

-Wonders: This is more of a gripe about how they are placed. While having wonders placed like districts helps to avoid the wonder spam of the older games, it does lead to several problems in my view. Perhaps this only applies to me, a guy who likes his immersion, but why is the Great Library, the structure that holds all of our culture's combined writings, sitting out in the middle of nowhere next to some crazy, mad-max-ian college town, rather than in the heart of our capitol, a city as old as time itself?

-Mods: As of now, there is no easy way to apply them without text and file editing, and frankly, not all of us can do that. Hopefully workshop or some other mod system gets implemented soon. Civ V lived (and still lives) on its mods. Heck, mods keep even Beyond Earth somewhat alive. Without them this game is as good as dead. (Disclaimer: I will remove this section once mods are addressed)

-Windows Defender: Yeah, it doesn't like this game. Make sure you fix that before attempting to play this on a windows 10 system. There are a few guides on how to do that in the steam forums.


Overall, I just can’t recommend this game in its current state. Perhaps you will enjoy it more than I, and if you do, then more power to you. I’m going to wait for a few patches before I try this game again. Hopefully it will be better then, and I can change the rating on this review to a more positive one. Otherwise, its back to my heavily modded CIv V game with me.
 

Warchief Williams
161 products in account
18
785 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2016
This is the first Steam review I have ever written. I am prompted to write this based on how disappointed I am in this game. I have owned every single version of Civilization since Civ 1, including Alpha Centauri, and this is the first version I would not recommend.

Here are my opinions of the “Good”, the “Marginally Bad”, and the “Really Bad”.


GOOD:

Temporary Builders: I did not like this at first, but have come around to appreciating the design choice to have builders expire after 3 uses. It keeps the unit clutter down, and forces the player to make productions choices all throughout the game.

Military Unit Scaling: This seems improved. There are no longer such big jumps in unit power that used to occur at particular times in the tech tree. Unit’s gradually improve as you tech-up in a more sensible way.

Barbarians: The game designers clearly put a lot of work into this, and it shows. Barbarians are challenging and fun. It adds a real threat to the early-game.

City State and Envoys: I like the envoy mechanism of influencing city-states. It seems more realistic and natural than the Civ-5 system.

Civ Selection: I do like the new civ and leader selections.


MARGINALLY BAD (or Needs Improvement):

Districts: I like the design concept of districts… the need to plan ahead for city development. It’s a nice design feature, but I feel that there could be some improvement in how it’s implemented. First, there needs to be more non-district building options. Historically, cities do specialize, but not to the extent pushed in this game. There needs to be more basic city improvements that are not tied to districts. Also, some districts are poorly thought out… the Entertainment Complex comes to mind. Every city needs amenities to be healthy, so forcing the player to use up a district for these improvements runs counter to the city-specializing concept.

Roads: If Builders expire after 3 uses, then there are problems with using them to build roads… you would have to make tons of them to get anywhere. However, auto constructing roads along trade routes is not a sensible fix to that problem. Instead, they should have added a road-builder unit that also expires… after maybe 6 uses or so. As it stands, you end up choosing trade-routes in the early game more for building roads where you need them, rather than for the trade you receive. This is counter to the idea of trade-routes. Apparently, the designers didn’t understand how advanced players use roads as both a military tool and exploration tool. And historically, roads were built for these reasons just as much as for trade.

Graphical Design: I don’t hate the cartoony graphics, but I don’t really like them either. Also, although it does make for a clearly defined map, the additional graphical touches tend to clutter up the map more than in previous games. Also, for some resources, it’s not as easy to see at a glance the difference between improved and not improved as it used to be in Civ-5. I much prefer the Civ-5 graphical aesthetic.

Culture: I see what they were attempting with the separate culture tree… they clearly desired to allow more customization of your Civ. In practice though, culture doesn’t really end up feeling like culture anymore, and just feels like an alternate tech-tree (and that’s exactly what it is). This approach is more flexible, but something has been lost in the translation. Also, I do like the ability to adjust your cultural benefits on the fly, but it seems too easy and fast. There should be more consequence to doing so than just gold-cost. I miss the days when changing government type was a big-deal, and required careful planning.


REALLY BAD:

Diplomacy: This is so bad it gets it’s own subsections…

Denouncing: OMG this is bad. The AI civs will start denouncing you early and often for trivial things, and they never stop. I have been denounced for having a different government than an AI civ, for building more wonders than them (is that bad?), for keeping a city that I conquered about 1000 years in the past, etc. I am forced to wonder if the designers have actually played this game at all. It’s ridiculous.

Trade deals: The AI civs will propose the most insane trade deals. They always expect you to lose out on every trade deal at a rate of about 2 to 1… they expect you to trade 2 resources for their 1. They never offer better deals, no matter what your relationship. It makes the trade-deal feature a complete waste of time. I hit the escape key the second it pops up without even looking at it anymore.

Comments: The AI civs will continually interrupt the game to make senseless comments on everything you do. You get spammed with the diplomacy window almost every turn… and not for anything you have to make a decision about… just random comments. Again, I have to wonder if the designers ever actually played this game.


AI (or lack of AI): This is the big one… this is so incredibly bad. I have played well into the Atomic age on King level. All the AI civs were still running around with primitive units while I was driving along their shores with Battleships and building planes. And, I wasn’t even really trying to tech up fast… I was more into exploring the game’s features. This never happened in Civ-5 at the higher levels. Also, unlike previous Civ games, the AI doesn’t know how to build a Civilization. Again, in the Atomic age, there were still many primitive Wonders that were unbuilt and available… like the Colossus and Coliseum… that’s ridiculous. They should just rename it from “Artificial Intelligence” to “Artificial Idiot”.

Warmongering Penalty: I had hoped this would get fixed from Civ-5. If someone declares war on you, and you kick their butts and take their cities, you are not a war monger… you’re just effective. However, this game will punish you for that. What are we supposed to do, allow other civs to declare war, and then once they start losing let them off the hook just to have them do it again 10 years later? The game should keep track of who started hostilities, and adjust accordingly.


SUMMARY:

Although there have been some improvements in the basic game design from Civ-5 to Civ-6, there are enough misses to make this game a “Do Not Recommend”. The AI is so bad that it makes the game completely unenjoyable. And the Diplomacy is so annoying that even if you like beating up on the “Artificial Idiot”, you will be irritated to the point of just shutting it down. The big design changes… Districts and Culture and interesting but can use some more tweaking… especially Culture.

Maybe after an expansion or two that fixes things, this game might be worth it, but as it stands, it’s not. Currently (and yes even at its’ launch) Civ-5 is a much better game.










 

Repairman_Jack
228 products in account
40
473 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 34

Not Recommended
120.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
I'm sorry, but splitting the game into chunks only to later sell it for waaaay over $60 is something we shouldn't support. I bought this game before all the "DLCs" started coming out. So let's see, I paid $60 to get the game. Then DLCs started coming out for $10-$30 a piece, so I need to pay more than $60 to get the full experience. If you, the reader, buy a bundle on sale for less than $60, you are in a better spot. Why am I being punished for buying the game earlier? Should I have waited a year until the game is a complete product and buy it on sale? Good to know.
Conclusion: For Civ VII, don't buy the game until a few years after it launches, and all the stripped game mechanics (AKA DLCs) are out and sold on a cheap bundle on some Black Friday deal.
 

aweandthansome
44 products in account
8
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
1,832.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2017
I published this review in 2017. It's almost 2020 at the time of this update. Firaxis has released an updated world builder that seems to function fine. Could they streamline the process of making and then using your own custom maps? They could. They should. But the company that owns Civ 6 did the thing I was complaining about in the crude, cuttingly sarcastic dialectic below. A developer listened, which is nice. They made the game a little better for me, so I bought some DLCs from them. Seems to have worked out fine. I recommend Civ 6.

---

Customers: "Firaxis, please release your dev tools so we can mod your excellent game."

Firaxis: "But if we do that you might not buy our DLC."

Customers: "We're might buy some DLC if you don't squash our enthusiasm for your product by chopping it up and releasing it piecemeal. Just give us the mod tools and we'll compare your DLC with ours and let the players decide."

Firaxis: "No no no, that won't do at all. Just be patient while we milk our title for all it's worth. Buy our half-assed DLC while we withold the modding tools."

Customers: "C'mon Firaxis, we had a good thing going! Wait, here's an idea: why don't you monetize your modding tools? They're basically the same tools you used to make the game in the first place, so it's not like it would cost you much to spiff up the UI. You could sell us a $2 Map Editor or a $1 in-game tuner."

Firaxis: "Turns out we already planned on monetizing our mod kit. It'll be released after the other DLC's had a chance to sell. We're thinking $20 for the whole dev pack. Problem?"

Customers: "No problem, I'll just wait until Civ 7 launches, then buy something else. Hope that's cool."
 

Keyser Sona
149 products in account
34
272 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
574.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2017
After playing this game for a considerable amount of time (many offline hours not counted) here is my opinion.

Pros~
~The District System is Very Neat and I think it is a Wonderful Addition to civ. It allows much more diversity when planning how to plan your cities.
~New Policy system is quite unique and fresh. That being said I would love to see the indrodution of having to choose negative policies. (your Government can be all positive ya know)
~less reliance on building wonders (Civ 5 you pretty much win the game if you could build the wonders before your opponents)
~City states have been greatly updated since civ 5 (all kinds of unique and cool bonuses)
~improved multiplayer. (Way better then Civ 5)
~Great people now have new system which is really cool


Cons~
~ AI is terrible. Prob the worst AI I have ever seen. Not only are the AI absolutely terrible at combat but they often impossible to please. ie. most every game i have played result in every nation being Angry at me even when i have never declared war.
+note on AI in all the games i played it was clear that some of the AI Leaders have clear Advantages over the other AI leaders. For example Germany was almost Always at the top, and Egypt at the bottom of the score board.
+ note AI has been receving updates and may improve in the future.
~ Religion Has not changed at all since Civ 5 . (the Ai also spams missionaries and apostles and blankets your map with them, this can be really irritating)
~ Personally I did not like the art direction, after Civ 5 i was hoping that the developers would pursue a more realistic aproach to the the next game. The leaders look extreamly goofy in my opinion.
~ No Dlipomatic victory yet ( There is now a Religion victory)
~ Diplomacy with AI is Pretty Bad
~ Alliances with AI are pointless ( if you get attacked you ally will never come to help you)

I could go on but, these are the main points I feel should be brought up. I want to say i was really torn on to give a positive or a negative review. there are lots of things that i liked but there are also things that i wish that could be undone. If you are a Civ fan I can't really say if you will like it or not, it has it's weaknesses and strengths. I would say if its on sale buy it but, at its current price its not worth it. Hopefully the DLC will spice things up in the future.

~Locomotohobo
 

Locomotohobo
191 products in account
0
90 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
167.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2018
I am a 39 years old gamer, who was lucky enough to play all Civ games starting from Civ I on my beloved Amige 500. Fast forward 26 years and now I am playing Civ VI on my MSI GS63. It is so similar, yet so different from Civ I, I have really enjoyed the ride. But is it perfect? Surely not!!
I have some mixed feelings about Civ VI. The AI bothers me like most people here, especially with its weird "warmongering" penalties and stupid war mechanics. The AI in this series has always struggled to get it right, and Civ VI is one of the worse in the series. But, who has not struggled? It is such a complex game with so many layers, even we struggle! I still have not got used to the idea of city states, I think the game gives up valuable land to these many cities. There is a balance problem with the victory types, some are harder than others. I usually find myself having a science victory, I think that should be the default for many people. And the religion system is complete bullocks, with spamming, religious units blocking tiles and stupid religious wars. I wish I could just cut it out of the game! I am surprised with the number of bugs and glitches I see in an otherwise such polished game and how they still have not addressed those (I am talking about base game, I do not have the rise and fall expansion pack)
The big difference vs old Civ games is the cancellation of stacking. And boy, it makes such a difference! So, for me Civ V might be the pinnacle of the series. But, Civ V was also too bland when it first came out and it took 2 expansions to get it right. I sincerely hope same will happen with Civ VI. If you have Civ V with the expansions, I would not recommend to buy Civ VI at full price. Still, it is a YES for me when you catch it discounted. But, I would recommend to wait for the next expansion, since they will discount Rise and Fall heavily after the 2nd expansion launch!

edit: after the recent starter update which is a bad excuse for ads, directx 12 version have weirdly begun to fail starting the game! And I hear this is causing problems with mods especially in Civ V! Very bad decision Firaxis and 2K, fix this!!!
edit 2: the Gold version is more expensive than the sum of the packages it includes. In Turkey, the seperate packages add upto 146TL and the Gold version is 152TL!!! Fix it Steam and Firaxis!!!
 

mecan
197 products in account
0
283 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
15.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2020
Good game.
Very bad monetization model. A ripoff with every minor DLC.
 

PB
134 products in account
0
275 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
62.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2021
Game stopped working after last update and I can't play it anymore. 2K launcher starts and crashes immediately.
 

Gumi$
138 products in account
0
554 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
109.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2019
I don't have crazy amount of hours but I really enjoyed it. But,

"By installing and using the Software, you consent to the information collection and usage terms set forth in this section and Licensor's Privacy Policy, including (where applicable) (i) the transfer of any personal information and other information to Licensor, its affiliates, vendors, and business partners, and to certain other third parties, such as governmental authorities, in the U.S. and other countries located outside Europe or your home country, including countries that may have lower standards of privacy protection; (ii) the public display of your data, such as identification of your user-created content or displaying your scores, ranking, achievements, and other gameplay data on websites and other platforms; (iii) the sharing of your gameplay data with hardware manufacturers, platform hosts, and Licensor's marketing partners; and (iv) other uses and disclosures of your personal information or other information as specified in the above-referenced Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. If you do not want your information used or shared in this manner, then you should not use the Software. "

And I am not a fan of that.
 

BernieSanders
98 products in account
0
112 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
5,933.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 27
Up until last April, I would have posted an enthusiastic endorsement of this product, but that was last April. Since then, the game has become a piece of crap. I should qualify this statement: the game, itself, is excellent. What has changed is the constant crashes and freezes that begin to occur for me at around the 350 to 400 turn mark. This has been a problem for many other users according to the forums and Firaxis appears to be doing nothing to address the problem except updating the launcher. The crashes - which tended to occur every ten turns or thirty minutes until I shut down the auto-save and extended the game-time to around forty turns - have pretty much ruined the game experience, especially since it takes sooooo bloody long to re-launch the game and then load the saved game. Instead of a relaxing Sunday morning playing my favourite game like it used to be, it has now become an exercise in frustration management. I realize that Firaxis has no interest in dealing with the crash issues since they have already gotten their money out of me, so all I can do is discourage others from going down the same rabbit hole that I find myself in until they fix the problem. Just to summarize once more: actual game good, constant crashes bad.
 

Klathmag
11 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
683.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2020
Fun strategic game. Don´t start playing late at night, you won´t get any sleep.
 

Der Zivilisator
37 products in account
0
77 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
2,048.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 30
Played this game for almost 2000 hours. I've been a loyal civ player for years, but since they forced a launcher upon the game, it keeps crashing after a couple of turns. It's not my system (latest drivers, rtx3080, 32gb ram) and I've done all the trouble shooting there is (including using game developer support.

in it's current state it's almost unplayable. be warned.
 

Duckoftheskies
38 products in account
7
91 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
490.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2018
It would be fair to say this review is made out of frustration. I sat here composing this in a word document in order to get across precisely why you should skip this game in detail, rather than just for joke memes. I should also preface that I will still probably play this game but it's more because I'm an achievement completionist rather than because I enjoy the game. But it wasn't always like this.

When this game released it was half decent. In some respects, it was better than Civilization 5 Brave New World on release. Even then the cracks were showing. They axed Golden ages, railroads were scrapped, culture bombing was removed, and there are various other series staples removed that made the game less interesting on release but were honestly not deal breakers. Then the balance patches started rolling out. Starting with the balance patch that nerfed unique districts this game has felt more and more like a free-to-wait mobile game that should be charging microtransactions to "save time" or "skip the grind," except this is a premium strategy game with none of that nonsense. So why would Firaxis make the game feel longer and more drawn out?

There are other things I didn't like either that need to be addressed. I wanted to like the district system, I really, really did. But it seems Firaxis are keen on not improving the few things I could want for the district system and doubling down on all the drawbacks. I mentioned earlier they nerfed unique districts. Unique districts are districts that can only be built by one civilization. On release these districts did not count towards the population cap, so you weren't actively penalized for using the unique districts for each civilization. I have a feeling the only reason they changed this was in a roundabout way to nerf German's overpowered Hansa district (which was overpowered in part because of German's passive not because it was a unique district, but that didn't help). However, it had the opposite effect. It made the Hansa the only actually viable unique district (except for maybe Korea's replacement for the campus district in Rise and Fall). Meaning if you want to build the Acropolis district for Greece you are being actively penalized by the game. They also did not change the formula for how district costs are calculated. Rather than decreasing the cost over time, Firaxis made the cost increase over time in an obtuse way. The obtuse way they did this was making it so that the cost was increased depending on how many districts you had with regards to how many the rest of the world had. That's right you are penalized for getting ahead of the rest of the world by making new cities an extreme pain to get up and running thus necessitating diverting trade routes to them. While I think this was done to curb building as many cities as possible, all this does is make it a pain to build new cities, not that the Statue of Liberty wonder in Rise and Fall would have you believe that is the case. Seriously why would you make a wonder spawn settlers in the industrial era? That is one of the most underwhelming effects of a wonder I have ever seen.

Exploration is also a pita. Firaxis claims that the maps are bigger and I believe them. Not because they're as big as they say they are (I'd estimate they're only about 10-15% bigger if that), but rather because they slowed down movement in the game. Figuring that Civ 5 moved too quickly they made it so rough terrain (woods, hills, marshes and the like) requires units to have the number of moves it would rob from them. So in order to move into rough terrain, you need to have either all your movement points, more than 3 movement points, or a road. Speaking of roads, those are nerfed. Roads don't really do anything aside from removing rough terrain punishments until the industrial era. Starting in the industrial era you'll get a slight movement reduction in that each hex of road will cost .75 movement points rather than the full 1 movement. and then in the modern era, it will be a full .5 movement points instead of .75. For some reason, Firaxis thinks this is a good idea. It is not. Roads should never be this slow. I get it if this was Railroads from Civ 3 being nerfed to be reasonable as opposed to taking a full stack of units from 30 squares away to be right at the front with full movement available in the same turn. But roads were never that overpowered. Oh, and I would like my workers back instead of the builder system. Sacrificing units to instantly make improvements instead of gradually seeing your undeveloped land come to life is not fun.

Also, civilization 6 has the most boring civilization I have ever played in the franchise, Norway. I won't bother you too much with the details but Norway, in essence, feels like they made a decent civilization for Civ 5, realized they were making it for the wrong game and then tweaked a few things so that it made sense to put it in 6. Nevermind that the civilization in motion feels as useless as a wet noodle and has no way to capitalize on its early game advantages.

Several other civilizations feel like this too especially after the trading route nerf where Firaxis decided to fix the bloated trade routes not with any logical UI fix, but by nerfing the maximum amount of trade routes in a game (without a specific city-state) from 2 per city to 1 per city. The way they did this was rather than harbors and commercial districts granting 1 trade route each, you only gain one trade route per commerce hub or harbor per city. And considering how the game conditions you to use as much land as possible due to the district system investing in harbors is not really something you're not going to end up doing until much later in the game. Which in addition to harming naval civilizations like Norway also took England a traditionally strong civilization in the past, from being an alright civilization to being mostly useless due to this change to trade routes and their earlier nerf to unique districts, since their unique district is a harbor. I would honestly be surprised if they bothered to playtest the updates before letting them go live.

This game is not fun in its current state. And personally from the 6 or 7 entries in the series I've played after all the "balance patches" this, in my opinion, is the worst civilization game I've had the displeasure of playing. From the looks of reviews on Rise and Fall, it doesn't look like that was the silver bullet. This and Beyond Earth are probably going to be the last Firaxis products I support for a while. Honestly skip this game and pick up the third, fourth, or fifth entries in the series and their expansions instead. They're more compelling even if 5 has some of the wonkiest achievements ever conceived.
 

Cyrellia vi Britannia
339 products in account
1
360 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
165.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2016
First impression: Christopher Tin delivers again. The menu theme may not be Baba Yetu, but it's pretty damn close. Seems I will now have two games where everytime I start them, I have to hang out in the main menu for a few minutes: Civ IV and Civ VI

+ Runs flawlessly. Literally haven't encountered any technical issues so far. Loading and such seems smoother than Civ V.
+ More Micro-managing (probably a minus for some people)
+ How disctrics and builders work are a nice addition. Even if they don't actually change much from how workers functioned in previous installments, it makes the game fresh.
+ I like how policies work

+/- I'm not a fan of the "cartoon" look of the units. However cities, buildings and the fog of war are spectacular
+/- Features. I'm liking ALL the new features that they've added. The ones they've changed, I like too. However, the ones that are missing, I'm missing. Overall this might be a plus though, might move it later

- Some bugs, nothing game breaking so far though
- Diplomacy seems... sketchy. As in, needs fixing much like Civ V did with expansions (iirc). I like how the different Civs seem to have more personality though
Update: Diplomacy seems to have the same problem that it had at the start of Civ V (vanilla), it feels random. Don't know if I've just been unlucky and triggered several opposing Civ hidden agendas or if this is indeed the case.
UPDATE: After som experimenting, seems like the AI likes to declare war against you if they think they can beat you. So if your army is small - war. Of course, to some extent this has ALWAYS happened in Civ, but it happens constantly in this game if you play a certain "style". I guess that makes for more "realistic" AI, as that is how multiplayer matches often play out. But for people like me, who always prefered playing for culture victories, this is a big minus. Not enough for me to give the game a "not recommended", but enough for me to say "untill they fix this, I'd recommend Civ V + DLCs more". And I'd like to add that trying to spice up the diplomacy formula is a good idea, but it needs tweaking.

I'm really liking it so far. It is in not perfect, but it freshens up the Civ formula with some of the new additions and I really like how they didn't take the easy and safe way out with the changes.
I remember reading how some things would be "simplified" and "streamlined", which usually translates to "we made stuff easier for casuals who can't bother with complex games". But of all the things I've encountered so far that they've streamlined or simplified, it's all been legit. Nothing that takes away complexity, only things that make for a smoother experience.

The issues that I've found so far in the game (Diplomacy and bugs) are hopefully things they'll fix with patches and expansions, just like they did with Civ V. Seems like Civ VI has a bright future ahead of it.

Will update review accordingly
 

Tiger Fist Excessive
584 products in account
13
74 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,684.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 14, 2021
Civ VI has improved upon nearly every system and mechanic in the game, at no real cost to the experience. It's the easiest Civ to play, but it's also the most complex Civ to date. There's enough default automation that you can ignore a lot of the minutia if you want, but micromanagers like myself will still have all the tedium they can dream of. There's nothing quite as satisfying as pillaging every single tile in an aggressive neighbor's civilization.
 

excal
353 products in account
0
83 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 26
In true Civilization fashion I play for 6 hours straight with no enjoyment and a throbbing migraine, good game
 

Johnny Test (The real one)
650 products in account
0
123 people found this review helpful
83 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
114.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 4
I love crash simulator, even without mods or friends you can experience the joy of crashing over and over again on repeat.
 

Sparky
411 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
83 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 27
My people were peacefully figuring out how to make arrows to hunt some deer and a group of barbarians came with machine guns and rpgs and destroyed all of the farms and camped around my city for 500 years without actually entering it.
10/10
 

Pluribax
39 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
4,137.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 3
I'm not sure it was a good idea for Steam to point out that I've played Civ VI for 4086 hours while asking me to recommend it. It's quite possible I'm wasting my life, so turn back now if you don't want to take that risk. However, if you do, this is a wonderful, immersive, complicated game with incredible replay value. No two games are the same, and it feels like real history is happening as the situation in each game unfolds.
 

cberry
19 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
202.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2020
I really love Civilization and I played every version of the game. If you don't own the game, get a game bundle. The base version of Civ 6 is incomplete. The Rise & Fall DLC makes the game playable and the Gathering Storm DLC adds more basic features like railroads.

This is probably the most expensive Civilization version for early adopters, which isn't fair to players that love the game:
Civ 6: $/€ 60.- + DLCs $/€ 110.- + Frontier Pass $ /€ 40.- = $/€ 210.-
Since when did it become: Just... one... more... payment?

The developers also made changes to the game that make no sense, like removing transport ships (since CIV 5). They should make things like that optional for the players.

The Frontier Pass also adds secret societes with unrealistic fantasy elements (like vampires) to the game. This is ridiculous for a game based on history. If players want fantasy elements, they could be added with a seperate DLC like a Middle Earth Version, a Star Wars Version, a Dracula Version or a Harry Potter Version. Fantasy elements shouldn't be added as a surprise.
 

Jimmy Bondi
135 products in account
6
789 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
143.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2016
I wouldn't recommend this game at the moment.

I played on Prince difficulty (standard) for my first playthrough while I got used to the new systems etc. I focused on science output and found myself 27 technologies ahead of my nearest rival (more than double). I conquered the Civs that were on my continent then spent a bit of time sorting out the empire while I decided whether to go for Science or Domination victory, I destroyed another Civ then before I know it I win a Culture victory, I'd hardly gone for any culture the whole game.

I've started again on a higher difficulty but I really don't like the Civ method of making it harder, I want to play against a smarter opponent, not one that just has lower costs etc than me.

It seems like the AI is still playing Civ5, totally unaware of all the boosts to technology and civics that are available. It also seems to have a problem upgrading troops meaning it often just has a mass of slingers and warriers while you roll through it with a few tanks and artillery in the late game.

While the systems all feel improved the AI doesn't seem capable of using them which makes much of it pretty pointless.

I'm pretty sure Civ6 will be a really great Civ game, but they need to put a LOT of work into the AI to make it happen. If it does I'll happily change my review.

EDIT: 02/11/16 minor edit regarding AI capabilities.
 

Ped
100 products in account
41
880 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
345.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2017
Punishing your players for purchasing the game on release at the $60 price point. You keep offering a 50% discount on deluxe but have yet to discount the individual Civ/Scenario pack prices (which are ridiculously high to begin with) and there's no way to upgrade to deluxe once you already own the base game, despite it being cheaper to rebuy then to buy each individual Civ/Scenario pack. Literally makes no sense, you're putting players who support the game earlier on at an objective disadvantage. ♥♥♥♥ business model.
 

Voodoo
134 products in account
39
284 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,119.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2017
Okay, I've played over 300 hours and I can honestly say this game is pure grade A, extremely overpriced garbage.

Pros:
Graphics is the only positive aspect of this game. I like how the world looks and feels.

Cons:
Unfortunately since day one this game has been simply terrible. Most of the games I've played follow the same pattern: I establish a few cities, thinking it may be time to get my trade network up and running and start spreading my religion. No, a t least a couple of other countries declare war on me. They do not bother to show up for quite a number of turns and when they finally do I can usually take them all out with a couple of ranged and one close combat units.

The AI is extremely unreasonable when it comes to trade, there is absolutely no point trading, much much easier to just take the resources you want.

Wars are generally a slow and painful process. What you need to win almost any war are: 2 - 3 close combat units, 4 - 5 ranges units including two siege units and possibly a general. AI puts up little no resistance. The painful bit is trying to move this collection of units. How on Earth can a unit of archers or warriors occupy the same space as an entire city?! Ever since Civ 5 this has been bugging me. That's not all. Further down the tech tree you start combining units into armies... okay, but why could I not combine them right away? and why can I not combine units of different types? Would make sense, no?

Moving on. Diplomacy is a joke. One turn AI is your best friend, the next turn it's declaring war on you because your fleet is not strong enough. The fact that you don't even have access to the sea and have a land army that can crush them in a few turns does not seem to impress them. Then there are frequent splash screens with AI leaders delivering "important" messaged. My favourite is when Gorgo has been popping up for 10 turns in a row asking "Where's the honour?".

It is painfully slow, especially at the later stages. I've stopped playing on huge maps because after gunpowder I found it can easily take 5 minutes for one turn to complete. My rig ain't the fasters thing around but it's a reasonably modern machine that's capable of running GTA 5 on good graphics settings.\

Religion... this is a pain in this game. From my experience, even if you manage to establish your religion first you will be invaded by a horde of missionaries many turns later. But then again you can ask the AI to stop converting your cities and it works. For about 1 - 5 turns. So you are left with no other option but to go to war to stop those pests from converting your cities. Usually you want to completely destroy the country to never have their missionaries again. Well, okay, that may be fitting for middle ages. But what of the modern age? Why can I not adopt a policy that would allow me to have multiple religions coexist in my country?

Air units are a joke. Firstly you need an airfield that occupies the same space as any given world wonder, mountain, lake, district or anything else. It holds a very limited number of air units and is practically useless. At least in all of my games I've either had to conquer everything well before airplanes could be useful, or did not actually even need to use them.

This game manages to reduce governing an empire to the most simple and primitive of functions. There is absolutely nothing challenging in it. Riots, shadow politics, plots, social reforms, government crisis, miner strikes, crime and syndicates, nationalism... those are just some of the things that will never be in the game.

I realise some of these thing might have been partially fixed, and there have been some improvements, but the majority of these problems are still there. Instead of fixing this game devs just keep adding new civs for unreasonable prices. The last straw for me was Germany saying that nuclear weapons are the future well before any civ even discovered iron...
 

Nerru
298 products in account
10
572 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2018
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

"INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE

By installing and using the Software, you consent to the information collection and usage terms set forth in this section and Licensor's Privacy Policy, including (where applicable) (i) the transfer of any personal information and other information to Licensor, its affiliates, vendors, and business partners, and to certain other third parties, such as governmental authorities, in the U.S. and other countries located outside Europe or your home country, including countries that may have lower standards of privacy protection; (ii) the public display of your data, such as identification of your user-created content or displaying your scores, ranking, achievements, and other gameplay data on websites and other platforms; (iii) the sharing of your gameplay data with hardware manufacturers, platform hosts, and Licensor's marketing partners; and (iv) other uses and disclosures of your personal information or other information as specified in the above-referenced Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. If you do not want your information used or shared in this manner, then you should not use the Software."

and of course:

"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."

You also agree that all this information about you can be sent to countries with "lower standards of privacy protection"

Spyware. It's spyware


Also here is a way to "opt-out" of this spyware

"https://youtu.be/PPqJ06OC_2E"
 

halohotdog
205 products in account
30
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
1,358.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2016
I've been playing the Civ series since it started. Since IV it seems to be launching broke and being gradually fixed. This one is no different.

The AI is horrible. Diplomecy is a joke.

The entire game all the AI does is denouce everyone at any chance they are given. All the trade offers are you give them whatever they want, they give you nothing, or 1 gold per turn. You ask for something from them, they want all the gold you make per turn...

Let's say you have a hug set of cities with a small amount of space not taken up either in between your cities because the land is worthless desert or up north there is just a bit of snow. Don't blink, some random civ with jump in there and build a city. Don't declare war and kill that settler or just get rid of that city though, because now you're the biggest war monger ever.

Speaking of stupid reasons to denounce.... You longer have a religion because you don't really care, but the guy who is taking over half of the map on religions is still denouncing you about converting one of his cities... that you didn't even know you did... Even though he has now converted all your cities, along with 3 other civs...

Or you know... The game just started and suddenly a settler pops up a city right next to your main city next to 0 resources , lightyears away from their capital, just to be annoying and see how much you want to be a warmonger right away.

If anyone declares war on you, which will happen, over and over... for no real reason... All you need is a ranged unit in your city and they don't stand a chance. they just trickle in and you poke them back one at a time.

When you retaliate for them all coming to get you, and take one of their cities, you're the warmonger, not them...

I could go on...


EDIT: 4 years later, it's much much better.
 

RunsWithWine
86 products in account
28
303 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2017
If you've never played a Civ game, C6 is a aesthetically pleasing, has a great soundtrack, and some interesting mechanics (Eureka Moments, Religious Victory, "Culture Tech Tree", different Leaders for the same Empire, etc).

Compared to Civilization 5 with it's reasonably priced and expansive DLC, I don't think C6 comes close. C6's DLC is extremely expensive in comparison and offers far less content in the base game and DLC.

Civilization has always had bad AI, but here it's very bad, especially on the higher difficulties. The AI doesn't "get smarter", it cheats: It knows without vision, starts with more units, builds/researches faster. Most of all though, it is unreasonably aggressive, especially early on; you will always enter into war with every AI near you (all at once), regardless of what happens.


Some ideas in C6 are also as frusterating as they are interesting.
The lack of Global Happiness means "wider" empires (more cities) is always better than taller (fewer but bigger cities). This makes water maps inherently imbalanced for multiplayer, since you need the ability to quickly attack a player (Pangea) or they'll stomp you.
Scythia and Sumeria are "early game zerg" civs, with almost all their bonuses going into that: it's really hard to compete with these civs early on, let alone survive
Some City States are clearly far better than others, and others are almost worthless.
The "Eureka" system can feel very repeditive between multiple games, and constricts one's build order.


tl;dr
Get C6 if you want nicer aesthetics and an awesome menu theme. Get C5 if you want clearly better gameplay on every level, far more content, and a larger community (still, because the game is that good).
 

Veskaida
261 products in account
13
83 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 61

Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 10
AMAZING GAME,a historical game.
 

GIANT TRADE UP GINGER CAT
78 products in account
0
118 people found this review helpful
65 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2021
I hate the french
 

Geggam
45 products in account
0
148 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2019
Firaxis needs to stop punishing people who buy the game on release by making them unable to buy the bundles. Gold edition is currently $47.14 which I cannot purchase as I own the base game. I can however buy each item individually for ~$70 not including base game. Thanks.

They fixed this issue with the latest sale, thanks.
 

Cranium
219 products in account
0
305 people found this review helpful
25 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2016
Civilization 6 is the successor of perhaps the finest historical simulation game in, well, history. Not counting Beyond Earth here...

Does it live up to its former glory (minus BE)? Definitely!
Will you still catch the one more turn syndrome? Of course!
Is it worth $60 for the base game? Depends
Is it worth $80 for the base game + 4 future DLCs? Yes.

Civ 6 takes much of Civ 5 + DLCs and adds several new and fun features to it. Every Civ 5 fan will enjoy this game, once they have adapted to its different art-style. Having said that, the base Civ 6 game still feels slightly lacking compared to Civ 5 + DLCs. But that is because Civ 6 does not have DLCs yet.

If you were to compare the base game of Civ 6 to the base game of Civ 5, there is no comparison. Civ 6 is simply on another level of greatness. But as with Civ 5, the upcoming DLCs for Civ 6 will improve the game dramatically (I sincerely hope).

Therefore, if you are interested in this game, buy the Deluxe edition, even if you don't plan on playing the game until DLCs are out, as you are getting 4 future DLCs for just $20 more, which does save you some money. The base Civ 6 game might not be as polished as Civ 5 + DLCs, but Civ 6 with its own DLCs will definitely be.


Some negatives about Civ 6 compared to Civ 5 (will add more when I get the chance):

A lot of customization options are currently missing when setting up your game, such as:
-the lack of maps to select from (only 5 + shuffle, compared to Civ 5's dozens).
-ability to add/remove City-States from the game.
-the map/artstyle will take some time to get used to, especially the fog of war.


Overall, recommending in hope that Civ 6 DLCs are as awesome as Civ 5 DLCs!
 

Aikari
237 products in account
25
344 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
95.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2019
This game isn't perfect, but it's not terrible either, it's just middling and mediocre and forgettable. And that's so disappointing after the incredible Civilization 5.

Graphically:
Cartoonish, like a mobile game. Maybe you like it, but for me (and many others) it looks childish and annoying. It makes getting deeply invested in the game difficult, because you're no longer looking at realistically depicted cities, roads, and empires, you're looking at candy crush ripoff crap. There are mods to fix this if you'd like, but I'm not reviewing mods here am I?

Gameplay:
AI is similar to Civilization 5, pretty bad. Play at higher difficulties for a challenge. Gameplay is also a lot more unbalanced than in Civ 5 due to the increase in units. Some units are simply "better" for no apparent reason. Excellent example, horsemen. Horsemen require horses. Pikemen, traditionally an anti-cavalry unit in the medieval age, do not. Medieval era anti-cavalry gets utterly obliterated by ancient-level cavalry, simply because that cavalry requires a strategic resource. It feels unbalanced, and helps break immersion.

However, I adore the new strategic resource system (save for unbalanced units every so often). Owning critical resources now feels like I'm gaining constant benefits as a result. I can build as many nukes as my uranium production allows over time, allowing me to build a stockpile, unlike in Civ 5 where I might be limited to one or two at a time. Also, engineers allow you to build roads, silos, forts, etc. It sounds small, but it really feels like you're building your empire when you construct a cross-continental roadway.

I hate the district system. I like it in theory, expanding your city and specializing as you go, hate it in practice. It feels like I'm playing Settlers of Catan in the worst sense. It requires extensive micromanaging, and requires prior understanding to how the bonuses of each district work. If you don't understand those bonuses coming in, you are absolutely screwed as a new player as it will affect what wonders you can build, how many hammers you're getting, whether or not you'll even be able to found a religion, and what government policies are available. Additionally, it feels limiting on what each city can do. I shouldn't have to decide between a port and a fort, when I have the resources and production and time to build both. Additionally, it reduces each city to the sum of its districts, nothing more. I don't have a city on the coastline that acts as a trading hub, this city I build is now just a harbor, commercial district, and faith district. It feels too needlessly "gamey", and only hurts the gameplay even more.

And speaking of "gamey" the way governments are handled is atrocious. Each government had its own "card slots" of various flavor. As you develop your culture, you unlock various cards representing components of your government, like slavery or mandatory conscription. Based on the slots your government provides, you slot in these cards and get bonus or drawbacks as intended. Basically, it reduces the difference between fascism and communism to a change of 3 different card slots and a handful of special cards. In Civ 5, a fascistic nation would experience major changes to diplomatic relations, and had an opportunity to develop its government or focus on its culture. Now, the difference is minor at best, and rarely impacts gameplay. I barely know my own government once I hand in my cards, let alone the governments of my allies, and that's an issue. It's gamey, childish, and really takes away from the experience.

Mods:
Extensive, maybe not as extensive as Civ 5, but very extensive. If you have a fantasy universe (GoT, Warcraft, LoTR, etc.) there's a map for it, and probably some factions too. Best part of this game tbh.

DLC:
Rise and Fall is interesting, but also annoying. It forces you to prioritize certain decisions in order to push for a golden age, rather than naturally rewarding how you're playing the game. Did you build a faith district and are now the world leader in faith production? Nope no points. Developing science at an astronomical pace? Enjoy 1 bonus point when you research beyond the current era. Oh but you found a random tribe that gave you 40 gold? Enjoy your massive boost to your era score! It's overall not bad, but could've been so much more.

Rising Tide is okay. It's an interesting late game concept, but the environmental crises throughout the game just aren't that much of a factor. Also, it doesn't change the fact that by late game, you empire is an unstoppable juggernaut that you simply micromanage until you can either conquer everyone (with guns or religion) or win a science/culture victory. It's just fine, not really exceptional like BNW in Civ 5.

The DLC ultimately improves the game, it certainly adds "more" to do and is interesting. Without the DLC the game can be really boring at times. But the DLC certainly isn't great, and only adds more average content to an already middling game.

Overall, Civ 6 is just okay. That's it. Not great, not awful, just average. Multiple DLC's are now out, and that fundamental issue still hasn't changed. It's tough to get immersed, many gameplay changes are more "gamey" than fun, graphically it looks like a mobile game, and the AI/balance issues always present in Civ games are still here. The fundamental Civ experience remains great, and shines through the muck at times in this game, and because of that, this game is just average.

5/10, play Civ 5 with DLC for a better Civilization experience (it'll be cheaper too). Stick around and watch for new DLC's, maybe they can really improve the score.

EDIT:
So some have said that Civ VI is great, and that I just don't "get it" yet. Here's a simple fact. Civ V has an extremely similar player count compared to Civ VI. Sometimes Civ V has more players than Civ VI, depending on the day. Civ V was released more than half a decade ago, Civ VI came out 2 years ago.

Civ VI is not in a good place yet, maybe it will be one day, but not today.
 

Dylsexia
99 products in account
12
603 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
384.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2019
AI is absolute garbage. DLC policy is insanely greedy, and if you want to play against friends since the AI is so bad, everyone has to buy the DLC seperately ($70+). Meaning a game with just two friends requires a total payment of $210 just to play with the expansions (not even including the price of the base game).
 

Yodeling Yoda
88 products in account
0
123 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,559.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2017
Despite the controversy surrounding this game, especially the art style, I really enjoy it. Civ VI vanilla is much more fleshed out than Civ V vanilla and Gods and Kings ever were. Here's my review:

Pros
- More fleshed out than Civ V vanilla was at launch
- Workers actually have to be produced on a regular basis, no longer are there 5000 year old workers roaming the planet
- The road building system is fun and is more historically accurate than having state workers build roads (except Rome)
- Gaining influence over city-states is no longer a matter of being wealthy, its a serious challenge compared to Civ V
- Districts and wonders being present on the map make territory and strategic planning of city development vital to success
- The eureka/inspiration system is fun and makes research more interactive
- Introduction of the civic tree makes culture just as vital as science, making player strategy more well rounded than it was in Civ V with social policies
- The religious victory is a new option for peaceful victory and allows you to finally fight off the religious units of other civs w/o declaring war, which was a pain in the butt in Civ V

Cons
- Not enough wonders from non-European countries especially from Asia and Africa.
- Art style isn't for everyone
- Diplomacy game is lacking because there is no world congress
- Combat AI is still poor, and can easily be defeated, even with inferior numbers
- Qin Shi Huang's character model is seriously weird
- Agenda system attempts to rationalize AI aggression, but feels like more of an afterthought as the AI is aggressive regardless
- Diplomacy AI is still bad, AI refuses to make peace unless you hand over all of your cities, even when they are down to a 3 population tundra city themselves.
- Religious warfare is never-ending and the AI is obsessed with spreading its religion so it never relents on sending wave upon wave of religious units to you. The introduction of a non-interference treaty for religions, or something along the lines of that, would go a long way to preventing endless religious warfare

Overall:

Despite its many, many flaws, Civ VI is still a lot of fun to play, and builds upon the foundations that were laid by Civ V. City development and war mechanics bring the landscape to life and force the player to build and fight more strategically. Civ VI is definitely worth the money, and while it certainly has its issues, it is a worthy successor to the Civilization series.
 

icecoldham
135 products in account
3
1,028 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2018
This review is in response to the forced update of November 2018 for this game, the previous game in the series, Civilisation 5 and the issues they cause.

For those unaware, this update made changes to the pre-game launcher, which allowed you to select which version of the game you would like to run (DX9, DX11 etc.) and only this. With the new launcher they have included ads (which from appearances are obtained from a server, more on this later) for the next game in the series, Civilisation 6.

There are multiple issues which stem from this change, starting with the subjective change of including ads to a 10 year old game which is unlikely to receive any beneficial updates in the future, as well as damaging compatibility with certain mods. The objective Issues are:

- That (as of the time of this review) the launcher is still watermarked as a beta.
- The quality of the game's graphics have been reduced.
- Users have reported that the launcher either launches the game using the wrong version of DirectX
- Users have reported that with the new update they can't launch the game at all.
- Users have reported that either the launcher itself is infected with malware or (more likely imo) any data the launcher may be receiving from a server (e.g: images and hyperlinks for ads) can and has been compromised, thus creating vulnerabilities in users' devices.

While the subjective changes are up to the user to judge, I'll make my opinion clear - performing updates that compromise the core functions of the game, as well as compromising my security and privacy is unacceptable. Under any circumstances. 2K are doubly damned for making these changes to an 8 year old game with the only intent being to include ads for a game regardless of whether the user already owns it.

This review will not be changed (even if the update is reverted) purely on principle as this update was not necessary, ethically sound or a good investment of money and manpower.

TL;DR: 2K made a pointless update to the more popular 8 year old predecessor, resulting in user security being compromised. Read the review.

EDIT: clarified that the new launcher was implemented for Civ 6 aswell. My bad.
 

TheGlockers
248 products in account
81
117 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
861.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2019
Been a Civ-lover since Civ1 and Civ2. Skipped 3,4, played some 5, and have played a lot of 6. I like them all for different reasons. I'll lead with what I like about Civ6 (and ultimately why I recommend it), and then close with what I consider wrong with Civ6 at the time of this writing. I have no multiplayer experience with 6.

The Good
- The name of the game is city and district planning, as cities now consume far more than a single map tile. LONG overdue.
- Very aesthetically pleasing. It's worth playing with music on until you've heard it all.
- Apart from the spatial restructuring of cities, it's Civilization. If you liked any of the games, you'll probably enjoy this one at least sometimes.
- The pre-made scenarios are fun, and are an excellent idea if you don't want to commit to a 12h marathon.
- Natural disasters (DLC) add some interesting randomization, though this also lends to a complaint below.

The Bad
- All leaders seem to suffer the same from natural disasters, which fails to reflect, for example, nomadic tribes being more resilient to dust storms. (I may have been mistaken, at least slightly, in this point; Russian units take no damage from blizzards. Looks like some thought went into this, but perhaps not enough for me to fully appreciate the DLC cost.)
- They still have the Giant Death Robots, which means that every long domination game on a large map leads to the same place for every leader: nukes and vacuum cleaners. An option to disable GDR and nukes should be part of the canon code when customizing a game, and it's not.

The Ugly
- Map generation takes an exceptionally long time, and I have a modern rig with a true beefcake processor.
- "Please Wait" locks on your turn and enemy turns mean auto-saving is mandatory. (On your turn, you can usually open and close the world congress to clear the lock, but no such luck on enemy turns.)
- The Civilopedia seems to be the most neglected aspect of Civ6. Several necessary game mechanics are explained inaccurately, if at all. Also, the text input for it could use a complete makeover.
- The "Legendary Start" feature of custom games, present in prior games as well, is ... not all that legendary, as it doesn't seem to take leader differences into account at all.
- At least one of the custom map types will not start a game with Kupe, since he starts in the water. Some basic error-checking overlooked in several aspects of the game. (To the devs credit, though, they still seem to be paying attention.)

I think Civ 5 remains the better of the (5,6) in terms of polish and smooth function, but 6 is an excellent and developmentally challenging step forward. I'm confident the game will continue to improve, and I've certainly enjoyed the majority of my time in it to date.
 

orthostatic
164 products in account
8
187 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
190.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2019
I AM COPY PASTING MEGAPHONE MAN'S REVIEW BECAUSE YOU NEED TO READ IT.


To everyone jumping on the EULA band wagon, I just want to provide some facts that you can check out for yourself. If you're still mad after that, totally fine, but just hear me out.

The section that people keep quoting is NOT from Civ 6's EULA. It is from take 2's privacy policy (the parent company for 2k) which can be found here: https://www.take2games.com/privacy/ This means a few things.
This is also not "new" at all. The last change made to the take 2 privacy policy was in May 8, 2018 (at the time of writing this review). I have literally no idea where people are getting the notion that this was changed in accordance with Gathering Storm, but these policies have been applying to you that entire time.
This policy applies to every single take 2 game. That means it applies to any Rockstar game (so time to hang up your cowboy hats and rocket cars), any 2k game (say goodbye to Rapture, Thin Men, and any incarnation of Nuclear Gandhi), and the brand new title by obsidian: Outer Worlds. Every single one of these games is affected by that privacy policy, not just Civ 6. The "most helpful review" states that he has played his last game of civ 6... well then I guess he's played his last game of all of these as well.
It's not just written for games. This policy also applies to their storefront (the reason that they need to collect payment information) as well as any forums or sweepstakes (the reason they might need your address, if they need to ship you something).

Take 2's privacy policy is not radical at all. If you look at Ubisoft ( https://legal.ubi.com/privacypolicy/en-GB ) or even steam ( https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/ ) there is a lot of incredibly similar language. If you don't want to read it all just control F some keywords. If these privacy statements frighten you, go and look up the producers of your favorite games, because there is a very good chance that they have a similar privacy policy.

The section that the "Most Helpful Review" quotes is taken horribly out of context. He takes it from the "What Personal and Other Information Does the Company Collect" section. At first glance that sounds like exactly the right context, until you look closer. He starts his quote right after this: "The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity" What activities you might ask? ANYTHING.

Literally any interaction you might have with the company is listed above, from requesting tech support, to purchasing a product in the store, to subscribing to a newsletter. The people review bombing this game are trying to make it seem like this policy turns the game into some sort of spyware, sniffing out your personal details. In fact, the most helpful review PURPOSEFULLY misleads you to garner more fear. He specifically states the game is collecting your address (it is included in his quote that is taken out of context). However, this is directly contradicted by the "What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect?" Section, where they state very plainly that they do not collect your name or address during gameplay.


Look, I'm not saying that you aren't allowed to be mad or suspicious, but please, do research and think critically before your are led into being mad for the wrong reasons.

EDIT: Also, one of the top reviews mentions a web process running in the background which I can find absolutely NO evidence of. Again, fact check these people. It's a little strange that the top three reviews spreading this misinformation all have their comments turned off...




2nd EDIT: Firstly, thank you to everyone who voted me helpful, I love that this post is getting more comments and discussion.

Many people in the comments seem to think I am defending take 2's policy. I can completely understand how that might come off, but that is not my intention.

My entire point in making this post was to highlight the fact that this is not specifically a civ 6 problem, but rather an industry problem. That is why I said at the beginning and end that it is totally reasonable to be mad, but to make sure that you understand the full scope of the situation. I LOVE the debate in my comments, because it means that people are thinking critically about the problem rather than taking any of the reviews at face value.

Also, many are calling my separation of EULA and privacy policy misleading, since the former has to be adherent to the later. Again, the reason I am hitting this point so hard is because I am trying to hit home the fact that this is not a civ 6 issue, it is an issue that encompasses the entire company.

I personally feel that the top negative reviews mislead in that they insinuate that if you avoid civ 6, you avoid the problem, which simply isn't true.

I also want to address the fact that my review is positive. I like civ 6 and will continue to play it, that is the entire reason that it is positive, because I like the game.

I personally do not agree with the sentiment that a negative review of a game that a company makes is an appropriate way to speak your mind about the company, but honestly if I were in a more personal debate I can see my mind being changed. That being said, the current negative reviews do not paint an accurate picture of the situation and there is no place to correct them since their comments are turned off. This post is meant to be a public discussion of the issue so that we can all share our opinions, rather than just have one person shouting without anyone being able to respond.
 

Shazzberry
455 products in account
0
246 people found this review helpful
1,072 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
1,562.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2020
Civilization 6 is a little fun, good for killing an hour or two..
 

thatguy202
15 products in account
10
249 people found this review helpful
141 people found this review funny 40

Recommended
21,798.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2021
best game ever
 

lpab8015
2 products in account
0
228 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
422.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2016
ANOTHER UPDATE: So, I finished my campaign. Everything about this game felt much smoother than previous Civ games considering this is just the base game, and Firaxis likes to release lots of content. By the way, using units is way more interesting now. YOU CAN DEPLOY AIRPLANES. You don't have to keep them stationed as in the previous Civ games where they had to be in a base! This is probably my favorite feature. lol

UPDATE: At first I was worried about the districts limiting my playstyle/freedom, however, it's quite the opposite. It ACTUALLY FEELS like your empire is growing! I used to hate in Civ 5 how all you could do was build and improvement and then just pile a bunch of random buildings for queue in your cities. Now you actually have to make your empire grow! LOVE this new feature.


I have to say it now, everyone was skeptical about this game because of Civilization: Beyond Earth, BUT THIS GAME IS PERFECT. Firaxis did an amazing job. Graphics are beautiful, combat is fun, building the empire is so much more detailed. This game is perfect. Also Japan super aggressive. lmao.
 

HornySpaceCadet
41 products in account
13
67 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,101.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2018
I have played Civilization since the beginning and I can happily say that Civ VI is fantastic. However, there are still a few minor annoyances that I would love to see solved:
1. AI build their cities too close together, almost always the minimum 3 tiles separation.
2. On harder difficuly, AI always conquer several city states very early. City states should be able to defend themselves better against this tactic.
3. AI often offer very poor trades, I rarely am able to make worthwhile trades with them. It is especially annoying when all AI in the game come to you offering the same bad offer for the same relic or great work that you own.
4. Stepping up to Emperor level means the AI start with an extra settler - such a powerful bonus to have, I would prefer if the actual intelligence could be improved rather than by just giving them a better start like that.
5. Changing government policies - it would be nice to see the actual effect of changing policies as you switch them. It is very hard to calculate what is better sometimes, for example +100% campus adjacency bonus or extra science from building in campuses?? I can only pick one and I dont know which actually gives more science?

 

antnrj
61 products in account
0
155 people found this review helpful
382 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
223.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2019
>doing a science run against AI
>spawn in center of map, mind my own business
>Teddy decides to settle near me
>immediately denounces me for "settling close to them"
>declares war one me
>captures two of my 3 cities, have to completely focus on military to take it back
>make peace
>start attempting to rebuild cities Teddy destroyed
>Elizabeth doesn't like that i have low pop
>doesn't accept any of my trade deals
>wtf it's Teddy's fault, he's the one that destroyed my cities
>Harald gets mad that i don't have a navy even though we're both literally landlocked
>Harald denounces me
>declares war on me
>takes over same city Teddy took
>starts sieging my capital
>hold them off
>make peace
>try to recover
>Cleopatra doesn't like i have a small army
>wtf you drumb broad, most of them died fighting off 2 invasions
>denounces me
>Meet Barbarossa
>only civ I've met that doesn't hate me
>finally i can trade luxuries and have a friend in this world
>feels good
>he denounces me because apparently I'm not allowed to talk city states
>Harold and Cleopatra declare joint war on me
>f ucking done with Harold
>somehow hold off Cleo and take over Harold's desert capital
>Teddy denounces me because I'm "not keeping the peace"
>get denounced by the remaining other civs as a war mongering menace to the world
>cleo tells me that she likes my military

Good game but the AI agendas are ridiculous.
PVP > PVE
 

21st Century Aspie Man
151 products in account
0
110 people found this review helpful
194 people found this review funny 39

Recommended
71.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2021
Oh my God, where should I start. Well, let me start by saying, this game is worse than crack. If you're a drug user, stick with whatever you're on, and don't even get near this game. This game is a lot worse seriously. I am married, and I think my wife is sleeping with someone else (I don't care really) I have played 46 hours in 3 to 4 days and thanks to this game, I have opened myself to other strategy games. Thanks to this game I ended up buying Sid Meier's civilization V complete edition (yeah I know, I should've started with that one before playing Vl oh well) I also bought Total War Rome ll Spartan Edition, Crusader kings 3, Heart of Iron lV, Europea Universalis lV, and today I decided to buy Stellaris. Goes to show how amazing this game is. Thanks to this game, I ended up buying 6 games. Thanks to this game, I ended up opening myself to another genre of gaming. A genre I barely play. Yes, I own every Age of Empires game, but those games don't come close to this one. I am fairly new to this genre, and quite honestly, I am enjoying every second of it. This game has so much replayability its crazy. You can literally plant yourself anywhere and start building yourself up. You don't have to invade or be in a war to win. You can be the most liked "country" and the most calm, and still beat the most fearfully country. Goes to show, violence is not always the answer. I love the details this game provides. Every little thing you build has so much detail and it looks so beautiful. The game is very rewarding with every turn you take. So much to explore and so much you can expand. This game is as beautiful as playing chess. As beautiful and as awesome this game is, more than likely a lot of people find it boring, but don't let looks blind you. I remember this game always showing up on YouTube videos and here on Steam, and I always said, "oh wow a game about a map? Pff that looks fun" I was so blind. I decided to buy it and now I can't stop playing it, and worse yet, I ended up buying 6 GAMES thanks to this one! Oh and I forgot to mention, I also bought a few DLC's for this game. In other words, not only did this game has sucked me in, it has also sucked my wallet. I need help. If you're married please don't buy this game, unless you want your wife to be sneaking out of the house while you play this game. Once again, please, someone help me. I've lost money and now my wife. 6 games!!!!

I have an idea, let me play a few more turns of Sid Meier's civilization Vl
 

ItaAndy
310 products in account
0
336 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
539.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2017
It is a bit akward to rate "not recommended" in to a game I played so much...


So let me explain, from the view of a classic Civ player...

Cons

The AI is really stupid!.... ok, there is NO civilization game who wouldn't have a stupid AI (like enemies attacking without reason even if they are much weaker and commiting suicide, AKA civ1-3) Now they are the same, plus doesn't make much sense: They will declare war or firendship even if they don't get any benefit from it at all... and wouldn't match what they feel about you. This one is so far the worst: it is impossible to have any single civilization to ally with you if you defend yourself against a random attack, or befriend you if you decide to cede all your privilieges to any rondom former firnedly civ. To put it blank: diplomacy is totally broken!

Districts: I learnt to love the idea, even if you take out space to build farms, I see potential on the districts: but some of those are so underpowered that they are a waste of time! (pe the Industrial distirct gives so little production that is actually damaging to your economy)

Bad pacing! I hated from earlier Civ games that ancient eras where usueless, so fast they went.... At least in pre-civ V games you'll scratch a couple of turns where one of the most amazing military units in the world became useful during ancient times: the phalanx and the legion: Civ VI manages to make those just "meh" and if you select "marathon" pacing you'll make the military exactly the same,, but you'll be discovering flight while building a district takes up to 150~ turns... Making Civ V look like an amazing game!

The graphics.... I won't fall for the "I don't like the cartoonish" thing. I don't, but I consider the developers wouldn't be able to produce in just an acceptable amount of time some realistic 3D graphics... But then I have other questions: Wouldn't it be better to produce some high quality 2D like on Sim city4 or Simon 2 and make it accesible to slow end computers and faster in all computers? What is the point on 3D if you can't rotate anyway and it works like and old fashioned isometric engine? Well, at least the animations are quite cool....

Not balanced at all: In previous games it was difficult to win unless you centered your civ to a certain task: war or science: here you have to center it around culture so any random civ won't beat you by culture even if you have all the economic and military cards on the game, or viceversa...

No palace upgrades and city views! After such a downgrade in game mechanics comparing to Civ V, I was expecting some good easy gratification respect Civ IV and V! no luck :(



The district mechanics is good, and I think it can really improve the game, but as it is it stands in: Buggy, faulty and meh, plus no palace and city view.... I'll stick to Civ I-III and sometimes go to V, but to enjoy VI you'll need mods... if you want to buy it I'll recommend to check the mods regularly and decide if it is worth. as a standlone product it is a big step backwards!
 

Montoya
188 products in account
11
354 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2018
Civilization 6 its just >right now< its not nearly as good as Civilization 5, but with time and alot of balancing and fixes it could be just as good, I doubt it'll be better, but it can be just as good imho, and that comes from a hardcore Civer since Civ 1.

6/3/2021 Review Update

Heavily DO NOT RECOMMEND, lets start with expansions which have been overly hyped and actually make the gameplay worse, the addition of loyalty removes player choices such as setting up forward bases, not to mention makes attacking enemy civilizations stupid because loyalty makes them flip back forcing you to raze cities, even with bonuses to loyalty.

Gathering storm is a joke, add in overpowered civilizations and disasters that seem to impact the player far worse than the A.I and the world congress again, seems to heavily favor the AI rather than the player but that isn't the worse of it, recent updates have made the game exceptionally unstable and CRASHES frequently making the game nearly unplayable now.

The problems with Civilization 6 are numerous, from limited options - to bland and highly predictable A.I and unfortunately, the god awful cheating scripts are back on higher difficulties to fake increased difficulty. So, lets start - Barbarians need better options, currently its off or 'rampage mode' since they all have a high spawn rate, they need a more options.

Next up is the slow paced gameplay, standard modes pacing is very odd, at times it feels like a Marathon game then quickly speeds up then slows down..the pacing feels all over the place, and because of that - the A.I which tends to follow the date is terms of advancement can suffer too, a classic example of this would be;

Player increases research and lets say enters industrial period, the date per turn will usually increase/decrease depending on the date, lets say its 1500AD, the DpT will increase for a while until its more in-line with the era, for some reason that seems to give the A.I huge buffs and they'll rapidly increase in research and power sometimes, heck - I've seen them jump from renaissance period to modern period extremely fast defying all logic, but since I've seen England get Ironclads as early as the 1200AD...honestly it doesn't surprise me since the pacing is definitely way off the mark.

A.I is stupid, obvious and stupidly good, the latter is the problem because it will attack with better strategies than the previous games, however the major problems is that alot of the times its rather obvious what its trying to do - such as Sumeria spawning 20 war wagons and then slowly moving them to your civilization to launch a surprise attack...well *I'm* surprised the A.I did that - wow! Another problem is the fact the AI hates human players, to a point there isn't any reason to be nice to them, they'll break every single promise you make with them, they'll attack you relentlessly and the diplomacy is plain weird to a point it just feels broken, don't get me started on how broken the warmonger system is - essentially by late game the world threatre is pretty much everyone hates everyone and denouncing is just rife, and each turn you'll have to face an onslaught of taunts or complaints or more denouncement screens.

Another major problem is the fact that the game feels so slow paced compared to previous games, districts take way to long to build, especially late in game where its not uncommon for it to take 30+ turns for one district, because of the pacing issues, making spawling and large civilizations is nearly impossible to do now. I could go on and on here about all the issues, from nitpicking about special ability balance such as Electronics Factory, or how the game suffers from strange bugs that cause input lag, especially late game so I'll just close with this statement again;

Other bugs and glitches include units simply being unable to attack for whatever reason, I've personally had this several times. And the fact that the AI does unfortunately cheat, I've seen an enemy civilization that started within 10 squares go from a level 1 city to a level 13 city a mere 36 turns into the game, and then proceed to crank out an insane amount of units or a civilization pumping out a constant stream of Apostle spam. The A.I abuses the Fog of War constantly thoughout the game unfortunately, almost a through-back to the days of Civilization 2 where it would spawn units next to your cities...its not that bad, but almost.

For all the people giving the game a bad review based on graphics, please stop doing that because it distracts from the real issues that this game has, and those issues will never be addressed unless we start talking about the real problems, such as the games flaws and terrible A.I. I think, to be really honest - even with the new expansion thats coming, I doubt this game can be saved unless this expansion totally redo's many of the core elements of the game such as diplomacy which currently, simply doesn't work and a better AI fixes need to be done instead of giving unreasonable buffs and bonuses, not to mention the AI abusing the fog of war.
 

Tsukasa Hiiragi
2,164 products in account
21
414 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
84.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2017
I don't really understand how the UI in Civ went from being groundbreaking, to just down right terrible in Civ VI. After some testing, I can not recommend this game. I tried to give it a chance, but I can not recommend Civ VI. By almost all standards, Civ V is just a better game. I don't really understand how they made a game worse, but they did.
 

TokyoSwan
47 products in account
4
139 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
994.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2019
Short: The game with all DLCs is very expensive and too expensive for all that it gives, however the gameplay is very good, especially if you are a fan of the Civilization franchise in general. If you are thinking about buying this game, wait until steam sale of a special discount, because I think only then is it really worth it.
Long: When I started playing Civ6 I came directly from the predecessor Civ5 (which i was a huge fan of) and was kind of disappointed. The comic-like look did not really feel like the Civ I was used to, and although the gameplay and the other civilizations were very nice to try out, the UI was extremely complicated and all the stuff with districts, adjacency bonusses, etc was very hard to get used to and it felt very weird at first.
However, as I started playing the game more and more (and bought the DLCs) I found love to the depth and optimization possible in this new Civ. I love planning out cities, strategizing and having a challenge, which is exactly was Civ6 challenges you to do. But having to spend such a ****ton of money on a game is very hard to justify, even for a Civ-Fan like me. If I was to buy this game today, I would definitely advise you to wait for the best deal possible (e.g. during steam sale) to buy it with all DLCs, because only then becomes it really better than Civ5.
 

BOT Maple Syrup Potato
55 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 36

Recommended
288.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2020
"Do I recommend this game" is a tricky question because it has two answers.

Yes, I do recommend Civilization 6 with the latest expansions and updates as of June 2020. It's a pretty deep game with overall balanced choices and interesting cast of characters. It's fairly easy if you are a veteran but playing online with friends is an absolute blast.

No, I do not recommend Civilization 6 without any expansions. Civilizations V will stay forever my favourite in the Civ family and, with all its expansions, it is more worth than the base game of Civ 6. I recently played the base game with some friends who got it for free on the EpicStore and I realized just how much the game gets deeper and just overall more fun with all the new civs, units and mechanics.

Does it have exploits? yes. Is it buggy at times? yes. But, as a great webcomic once said: The joy you feel when it works outbalances the sadness you feel when it doesn't, therefore, increasing the total happiness in the world. So whatever.
 

Bolivian Compte de Frontenac
282 products in account
0
72 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
274.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2021
I have been a fan of the Civilization series ever since 1991. The series has gone through a fantastic evolution, becoming graphically more vibrant, more challenging and more interesting. Then why am I disappointed in the newest installment?

few reasons:
1. In this newest version the amount of micromanagement to grow your city has increased. A lot.
2. The maps are much smaller. Consuequences:
a) you will much earlier be hampered in your expansion plans because of city states or other civs
b) your cities will much quicker be squeezed close together, thus hampering really big cities.
c) you will engage in warfare much earlier in the game and either have long running wars or constantly be told civ ABC denounces you.
3. No automated workers. Under the new concepts this may make sense. But it doesn't really make sense to improve a tile, only to find out that was the only valid tile for that world wonder you want to build.

All in all yes, get it on a discount. I hope further civ developments will return to the roots of what Sid Meyer imagined back in the last century.
 

Ed
89 products in account
0
101 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
240.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2017
"Mostly Positive" is a fair way to describe this game. The mechanics are superb, a great improvement over 5. City planning is a fun new aspect, and the inspirations make for a new and dynamic game every time you play as you take advantage of the situation you're given the best you can. Waging war is rewarded as well, unlike in its predecessor when having more cities crippled your infrastructure through unhappiness. And let's not forget an excellent presentation, including wonderful music, heartfelt narration, and utterly charming graphics and character design.

Several problems are worth bringing up, however.
The AI is terrible. Diplomacy is scarcely worth attempting, as the designers tried to balance the game by making computer players hate anyone that is doing well, and stamping tremendous relationship penalties for each city you take, even when at war with a third party and even when you are not the aggressor.
On top of that, CPU players don't understand combat at all, to a downright embarrassing degree. It's unclear how the designers could have screwed that part up so bad, as the combat isn't all that complicated.
There are also several interface issues, from unexplained mechanics like ranged unit obstructions, to combat predictions randomly displaying combat values in the tens of thousands. The Civilopedia is miserably incomplete and not always helpful, prompting excursions to the unofficial internet wiki to answer questions.

Then we have the more egregious issues.
Those who purchased the deluxe edition got ripped, plain and simple. On one hand, it's the own fault of consumers who threw their money at something without any concrete promise of what they were getting back, but on the other hand it took a very long time to get but a few extra leaders and Civs.
We've been promised cross-platform compatibility between Windows and Mac since launch. They still have no definite date set for this.
Patches have been slow to come and haven't fixed the major issues. Aspyr has, by all appearances, been very forthcoming about what they are hoping to achieve, but results have been consistently disappointing.


Ultimately, this is a very, very good game, but it's anything but "solid". For multiplayer, it's the best Civ game out there, and overall it's one of the best 4x games out there. But I still think you should wait for a good sale.
 

Eelface
264 products in account
0
178 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
338.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2018
I've been playing Civ compulsively for over 25 years. I can be a harsh critic. I've sunk hundreds (or thousands) of hours into every version of the game. Civ6 is a fantastic game. It takes all the beauty and interesting mechanics of Civ5 and adds actual strategic decision. The districts add huge variability and make every game feel very different. No more mid/late game slog to just build everything. You cannot build everything, and you really need to think about urban planning. I love the tech and policy boots; they really help drive gameplay and narrative based on the map and/or your current situation. The R&F expansion keeps you from sitting back and just coasting to victory.

I know a lot of people love Civ5 and bash Civ6 endlessly. Aside from mods, I really do not get it. Civ5 had no strategic element; it was all "+1 this", "+2 that". There were no policies that you could change, no governments, nothing. Just accumulating "+1s" and moving your troops around the map. For me, that barely qualifies as a game. Civ6 is a true strategic game with governments and policies. It's complex but avoids too much micromanaging.

As for the AI, that's always the weak point in modern 4x games. Civ5 and Endless Legend (which I also love) are no better, and often worse. I don't know if the AI has been improved with R&F but I'm in the middle of a war with Nubia at the moment and the AI is...not stupid. The peace & war logic employed by the AI has been solid and the tactical troop movements have been good. Far better than the "dazed and confused" troop movements of Civ5. I still wish there was a slider to allow the AI more CPU time for deeper analysis.

The game and expansions are pricey, to be sure, but its a great game and worth it when you figure the countless hours you'll be up. (What? It's 2am already?) If not, wait for it to go on sale. But don't listen to all the trolls. This is fantastic game.
 

nlaslett
104 products in account
7
127 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
532.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 3
2K launcher makes the game unplayable
 

QmF6aW5nYSE=
167 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
270.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2019
After 100+ hours, this review is a hesitant Recommend.

At first, I had trouble feeling immersed in this game; it just did not seem to have the Civ magic formula. However, after coming back to the game after many months, I gave it another shot and found that it really clicked with me. So much so, that I will say, all the non-war components are excellent.

The problem is, war. The AI is just too terrible. Earlier Civ games I can forgive for such terrible AI, but I would think the developers could do better by now.

For example, if the AI would just do the most basic action of garrisoning a ranged unit inside the city, it make conquering the city much more difficult. Instead the AI will leave a melee unit inside the city, or no unit at all, thus making the conquest far too easy.

Because war is so easy, it therefore makes for the most effective strategy. When an AI is making progress on another victory objective, such as religion, culture, science, etc., then simply build a small force and take their capital. Boom, that AI is no longer competitive and you have just acquired their extremely valuable capital with little effort.

I am not going to write a "Not Recommend" review after 100+ hours. Obviously it was worth the sale price for me. However, unless the next Civ game has significantly different reviews regarding the AI, I will likely pass on purchasing it. The poor AI has been a problem for the last few games and it should be fixed. At least a few basic strategies could be implemented, such as the AI keeping a ranged unit within the city to defend.
 

a dead fish gains the power of
236 products in account
4
198 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
102.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2017
Civilization VI is the equivalent of an European board game. The game built around a longterm plan and executing it, successfully netting you the game if it's built well enough. Civ VI mirrors this. You plan districts around your cities, you time technologic/civic boosts, the movement rules are constrained so that you have to have a defence or offence together at that exact moment, you plan on grabbing wonders and taking great people, and on and on. This isn't necessarily bad game design but it relies on polish and the fact that your opponent is relatively competent. Civ games are notorious about a lack of polish on release and the AI is the AI.

Typically what happens is patches upon patches until the game becomes 'workable' or even 'fun'. VI hasn't had anything close to that. Some dominant strategies have been nerfed but that's about it. It just seems so apathetic. I'll highlight the UI for a moment. Easy fix but nothing has actually happened to improve it. But I digress.

I'll start with positives - what did VI do well?

THE POSITIVES
Districts

For the most part, districts have been nailed. They require you to specialise your cities and think about placement, meshing with the terrain and not overwriting it. Not all districts are good [aerodrome] but for the most part, it's a well thought out system.

Builders

Builders are essentially workers but they have such a clever fix. They're one-shot allowing you to instantly build an improvement. It works so well with the one unit per tile system. It's such a clever fix.

Government System

The government system as a whole is a positive. It's divided up into four sets of governments each allowing a different amount of policy slots along with the bonus associated with it. In general, it's a very good idea allowing maximum flexibility in swapping and rewarding you for thinking longterm about what you want to do. The problem is that there's too many worthless ones but it's less of a negative and more of a 'this could have been implemented better'.

Culture Tree

Essentially a tech tree but for culture. It's largely barren but offers good trade offs and is better then any other system Civ has made for culture, so I think this falls into positives.

NEUTRAL
City States

One of the AI or I keep getting surrounded by them and make expanding peacefully impossible. A system in which they were taken off the map entirely and was instead in a UI would easily fix this and hopefully make the people who like city states and people like me happy.

Yes, you can turn them off but it's a bit like turning off all warfare for the game. It's blatantly supposed to be an important part of the game.

NEGATIVES
Artificial Intelligence

The elephant in the room for this entire game and its downfall. There's no way to sugarcoat this. It has absolutely no idea on how to play the game, no hope of ever getting an idea on how to play this game, and even massive advantages can't bridge the gap. The game is all about planning things out long term which is something the AI cannot do. When it comes to military, intelligent use and placement of your troops combined with bombardment is important. The AI cannot do this either. I can't be confident because you can't see the AI's policy selection, but based on what I've seen they cannot do that either. I also strongly believe that it simply doesn't ever have a chance of figuring out how to play the game through patches.

This would be bad enough. However, the devs have insisted on making things worse for the AI. The warmongering system is such a bad idea but it's only worse for the AI. You'll see one AI declare on someone and then get universally denounced and hated. Guess what happens then? Someone else declares on them and everyone denounces them. So on and so forth until the entire world is mad. The player can deal with this with frustration. The AI can't.

The AI sometimes completely ignores settling their own territory and starts sending settlers over to you for no practical reason. Sometimes they are completely unable to defend against barbarians even into the late game.

I can't really say anything else. The AI is bad and is almost certainly likely to stay bad. The warmongering penalty is unlikely to ever leave the game at this stage which I think is the only way for it to improve. It's not something you can buff until they're magically somewhat decent like in other Civ games because of the game design around long term planning.

Religion

The only redeemable part about religion is the pantheons. It's interesting without being that powerful and it's a nice uncomplicated touch for a complicated game. After that, it just gets dreadful.

Religions are extremely limited and about half of the game will miss out on them. 50% + 1 leads to a weird exclusive win condition club and can actually make you powerless to stop a civ from winning. Benefits are mediocre and aren't really worth your time and the AI is too incompetent to actually win via religion so ignoring this entire thing just seems to be the ideal play. It's also poorly documented with a lot of numbers and words that don't actually seem to mean much. The worst part of this is that the AI insists on flooding you win tons of religious units making you completely and utterly unable to move any units in your empire onto their tiles. We're talking a religious carpet of doom here. This hasn't been fixed in any patch so far.

Poor Documentation & UI

Self explanatory.

Movement and the One Unit Per Tile System

Units can only move onto tiles they have the movement points for. This seems logical but it slows down gameplay so much and practical reinforcement is impossible especially with how specialised you want your cities to be. 1UPT also has inherent problems from combining two separate systems together and hoping they work. There's simply not enough terrain to move around in a randomly generated map instead of a properly designed from a developer map. Slow movement times make this worse. The AI has no idea how to work with this system making combat easy but also frustrating. Movement rules and roads desperately need fixed but this is something that the devs oddly proudly announced and as such I have a sinking feeling that it won't be addressed. This is another problem that isn't 'as bad' because of how incompetent the AI is.

Agendas/Diplomacy

Good idea, bad execution. They add flair but the AI just seems predestined to hate you making this all irrelevant. I've gotten some policy combinations that make it literally impossible for them to like you. What does classify as diplomacy is just 'throw money at them until they like you'. AI desperately needs a dash of realpolitik - the enemy of my enemy is definitely not the person I should be denouncing and annoying.

Ending the Game

Takes such a long time to end once you've reached a dominant position.


How do I summarise VI? It's a game with the dreaded death knell words of 'potential' and 'has promise' along with 'good ideas, bad execution'. I can't really say I regret playing the game since I've had fun with it and the money that went to purchasing this game was given to me. I just don't see myself playing much more of the game. It's nothing I will return to like Civ IV or a Paradox game, but it has entertained me. If not everything has to be a deep and significant experience, then VI fits the niche of a fun fling for a few hours. I can't recommend it if you aren't into the whole European board game style theme or if you're looking for a long lasting strategy game. If you're into that style of game, buy on sale and skip the DLC unless you really want to play as Superstralia.

[EDIT - Coast has been buffed and I've removed it accordingly from my review. It's definitely not godawful anymore.]
 

Rabbit
214 products in account
7
244 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2016
Edit: There is a dedicated tutorial mode which I completely overlooked the first time around. My apologies.

TL;DR - After Beyond Earth which I just could not bring myself to play I am hooked to Civ 6. It is a great new game. Civilization 6 is great new entry to the series. I played it straight for 3 hours. Would have played more but reasons. You can go ahead and buy the game. It is nothing like Beyond Earth. It is not a reskin. Everything feels different and plays different. The game is very good looking and runs great. The tutorial could have been better and settings menu more fleshed out. Music is great. The cartoonish graphics compliment the game.

So I come here to give my two cents after playing for nearly 3 hours and roughly 200 turns.

Graphics: I will start with this because ever since Civ 6 was announced many have been bashing it because it looks cartoony. Trust me, the change in graphics style was a great decision. Had Civ 6 had a simillar type of graphics to Civ 5 everything would look cluttered and not so pretty. After building some districts and settling about 3 cities, the area really looks fleshed out and very good. The units are great to look at. Though I would have liked more animation for units. Like units bleeding and all instead of just their numbers reducing.

Gameplay: When I started the game it felt the same as Civ 5 at first but after 20 or turns the changes began to pop up. Everything that Civ 5 had have been improved upon. The freedom has been reduced and there are a lot of constraints now. For example - The builder can only make 3 things after that it vanishes. The builder cannot make improvements. Cities cannot attack unless you have walls, Then to build certain improvements or districts you need to have a certain amount of population. Happiness has been removed and I think this is great. In Civ 5, I was always worried about happiness and always did stuff to keep my hapiness steady. City stated give you quests to complete. No need of building roads now. The tutorial though leaves something to be desired. Even when I selected "New to Civilization" mode, the guide did not tell me there are two trees now - Tech and Civic. Though everything can been found in the in game encyclopedia. Alliances can be made with other leaders. I still haven't grasped everything but this is just the gist of things. There are tons more that I have noticed and I am sure there tons which will only show up as I advance more.

Settings: The settings are a bit confusing. Most options only have a low or high option. No medium option. But there a lot of settings that can played with. In short the graphics setting menu is not organized at all. Civ 5 menu was better.

Music: Music is simply too good this time around. The 25th anniversary OST has all the tracks from Civ 6. Contains some 76 tracks.

Optimization: The game runs great. Tons of settings to play around with. So I am sure everybody can find a combination where they can play. Though I would have liked the option to have medium preset too. Hope a patch fixes this. I am sure the performance can be increased more. The game ready drivers are yet to come out and its only the first day.
 

Gabriel™
923 products in account
14
282 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2019
"The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use."
 

Stauffen
92 products in account
0
159 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
411.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2017
The bugs are gone, but something still feels missing from the game. I've given it plenty of tries, but it rings hollow most of the time. Maybe it's the AI, maybe it's just me.
 

ZargonX
251 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
394.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
Good, just read the forum about bypassing the launcher
 

Astral and Arcane
461 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
119.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2021
warning: very addictive if you just start a game you will at least spend 6 hours before you get off your PC
 

✪ HeroStyle
59 products in account
0
287 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2019
Disgusting DLC prices for those who bought Digital Deluxe before.
 

Celeron
94 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
338.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2019
Civ 4-6 are three of my favorite games of all time. I never get tired of playing them and always come back after time away. This game series has more of my, "I can't believe it is 2AM" moments than any other by far. Highly recommended!
 

Neilbowski
307 products in account
0
636 people found this review helpful
66 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2017
I loved the original Civilization - played it for nearly 10 years.
I didn't see Civilization 2, was still playing the original!
I loved Civilization 3 and racked up over 500 hours playing it.
I loved Civilization 4 and racked up over 500 hours playing it.
I loved Civilization 5 and racked up over 500 hours playing it.

I pre-purchased Civ VI. It's boring. Played 36 hours and gone elsewhere.
 

Deathwing
231 products in account
15
94 people found this review helpful
120 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
1,007.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2021
It’s like chess with nukes and a s s holes.

Civilization is a turn-based strategy game where the aim is to build up an empire up from nothing. The game aims to strike a balance between science , culture and napalm.

It’s a game where you can start as a civilization such as Rome, Egypt, Russia, or the United States, and raise them from a hunter-gatherer society into the best civilization in history.

You can make Jewish Nazis, have Ghandi drop the A-bomb on you, and alter the future a lot.

They forgot to give the US extra combat strength for attacking civs with oil in their possession, but besides that it’s a great game.
 

Flavius Claudius Julianus
292 products in account
3
191 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
256.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2016
9/10

After 20 hours of play I can easily say this is the best Civ ON RELEASE.
Easily a 9/10, there is a lot more strategic depth and player options than there were in vanilla Civ 5.

Is Civ 6 perfect? No, there are definitely a few tweaks needed, especially to the AI which does some silly things and gets annoying bonuses (King+ difficulty) which I am really not a fan of. There are few strange UI design choices (overall pretty good though, mostly clear and consice). And diplomacy victory which is something I quite enjoyed has been removed. :/

Saying that, for every small problem I have there are 3 or 4 great changes (great people system, government types and policies, tweaks to combat and movement, housing and amenities in individual cities .etc.etc.). I LOVE the changes to districts and wonders, it makes terrain and planning extremely important. There's a lot of changes which can't be summed up in this small review however.

Unlike CIv 5 and Civ 4 I dont think 2 major expansions are needed before a buy, this is already a great game worth your money and after after some patching and tweaks to the AI and UI (and hopefully an awesome expansion to add diplomactic victory back!) this will easily be the best Civ to date.
 

Rohnus
160 products in account
0
202 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 14

Not Recommended
1,774.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 18
Before the "pass" system for DLC content was introduced I would have recommended this game as loved it - particularly the environmental effects. But ever since the "frontier pass" (basically a blind DLC) ***I hate the season pass system now utilised by gaming companies****, the game has become unstable constantly crashing - this is a regular topic on all of the forums, I have a 5k computer built this year so its not the computer.... I also object to paying money for content I do not know what I am receiving. 50% of the pass was useless fluff done in the modding community and as mentioned its made the entire game unstable. The company has deserted the game every since the final DLC of the pass was released. I do not support this type of monitorisation, I do not support poor quality in game design. I will be very reluctant to purchase CIV 7.. despite owning every game of the franchise. Do not buy even for 2 dollars. The company has abandoned the game - despite the community calling out for fixes. STAY AWAY - SAVE YOUR MONEY OR BUY A RIVAL GAME.
 

Kezza
14 products in account
0
387 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
78.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2019
Civilization has been my favorite game series of all time since civilization II came out in '96. I have really tried to like this game, trying many different kind of game rules and strategies. Now that civ 6 got two expansions I feel it's fair to give my judgement about the game. It is very likely that civ 6 is now in its final form.

There are two really great features that are huge improvements over other civilization games: unique great people abilities and districts. Now great people gives you an opportunity to pick only the ones that fits to your game strategy and skip the ones that are not needed. Each of them now has their complete unique abilities. Districts finally makes your cities to expand outside the city center. Number of districts per city are limited so in end game you no longer see "super-mega cities" like in previous civilizations that had every single building.

Unfortunately those two steps forward don't save the game because there are way too many steps back. The game has many new features that sure makes the game more complex like the governors, loyalty, grievances or tile appeal but really they really don't add any deep or make the game more fun to play. You are constantly swapping governors from town to town in order to get some use out of them. Loyalty makes warfare total pain in the game as conquered cities often rebel before you have any change to do anything to make it more loyal. Civilizations are way less unique than they were in civilization V. Now almost every civilization is just +X% or +X to something and one unique building & unit.

Warfare in general is way less engaging and fun than in previous civ games. Mainly because game mechanics are too complex for the AI, it just sends few units here and there and seems to have no strategy at all. In every game you see great generals and admirals wondering around the map alone doing nothing. The general pace of wars is even more slower than in civ 5, because of loyalty system and slower health regeneration rates.

Civilizations IV and V still offers far better game mechanics and they have also aged well. I recommend buying IV or V if you want to jump into the Civilization series.
 

Farre
1,108 products in account
0
89 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
2,852.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 13
2000 hours later...
 

jostling
81 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
52 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
147.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2021
I conquered the world and destroyed every other culture and belief other than mine :)
 

christopherwulfert
8 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
100.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2020
Overall great game! I only played with AI and I'm having the best game experience avoiding toxic strangers :)
 

GabbieeeS
63 products in account
0
304 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 24

Not Recommended
269.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
It's a much prettier game to look at then Civ 5. It is, from a graphical point of view, amazing.

However, the game becomes dull and boring really quickly.

The first 100 turns in any campaign are really fun and exciting. However, once you start getting deeper in, building any sort of momentum with the game is really challenging because... every other turn you have to make "small (micro)" decisions that actually don't change that much, and take quite a bit of mental energy to sort through to find what you want/need. Plus, in the context of Civ, it might be better to say that these are "super micro" decisions.

Micro for districts. Micro for world council. Micro for policies and policy cards. In theory, it sounds and seems great. The first couple of matches you play, you deal with it. Micro-ing away as best as you can. And micro-ing to that level does sometimes give a pretty satisfying feeling, like itching a really itchy spot.

But then you're on you're 10th match, and you kinda start realizing that policy cards pop up way too much, don't actually change all that much, and interrupt the flow of the match.

Just want to battle it out with Ghandi? Aw shucks, but I gotta slot in those policy cards every two turns. Hmm better spend 15 mins planning my districts out to get max bonuses, even if in the end, they don't matter that much. Okay, now I can dook it out with ya Mr. Ghandi.

I guess that's the problem. Micro-ing in the early game should be insanely powerful and useful, and would make early game a lot more diverse, but instead you just use the same policies because other policies don't match up. I don't see how anyone doesn't start off with the +5dmg vs barbarians and +1 faith and gold for the palace every match right off the bat, the other cards are just... sort of useless?

And then by the mid game... you've got a lot more on the go. And micro-ing just becomes an annoying pain in the ass, and makes it hard to enjoy the game. No, I don't want a pop-up screen every 5 turns. And then late game.... eugh. Policy cards, world emergencies, climate emergencies, requests for aid, regular world council, planning districts, recovering artifacts, needing to manage builders because they disappear after 3 uses... see where this is going?

To me, Civ 5 is much better, gameplay and fun wise. Even though the graphics are horribly out-dated, it is just much more satisfying to play.

Civ 6 introduces a ton of new mechanics. Some are good, some are not as good. Try it out for yourself. You might enjoy the micro aspects a lot more than I do.

But nobody is going to convince me that this game is better than Civ 5.

Edit: Too complex for a small-brained alpaca, someone donate me a bigger brain so I can enjoy pls
 

An Alpaca
176 products in account
14
82 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
423.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2016
Product received for free

A couple facts: Im old, been gaming since 82. I've been a writer, a coder, a tester but above all else a gamer. My favorite type of game is strategy and i've spent many thousands of hours playing every sid meier game that has ever came out. From pirates, railroads, sim city and every civ. I got a copy of this game for free, which was neat because I was about to order it but I have been on a mailing list since like 92 and I guess it was my turn. First time heh.

What I liked:

Game felt very familiar right away. I didn't struggle to understand anything that was going on. The districts are explained very well and actually make sense. I never did like being able to cram every single wonder into one city in previous civs, i mean it made for a great city but really, where were you putting all those things? Depending on which civ you choose you can have anywhere from 5 to 6 districts per city from a selection of arts, entertainment, industry, science, faith etc etc. Each of those districts can house many different types of buildings specific to your civ and what direction you are trying to go in with that city. Also Wonders are linked to districts and by land formations you can't just build them anywhere so city placement, tile purchase and city layout are very strategic.

Diplomacy. I read alot of negative comments about this. How the AI is insane and makes no sense. In fact i'd say 75% of the negative reviews are about this. However, I can say that 100% of the people complaining about the diplomacy simply don't understand it. Civ VI diplomacy is insanely complex and deep, every leader has his/her own personality matrix plus 2 agendas, one public and one hidden. The public agenda is always the same, lets call it the civ agenda. The hidden agenda is more like the leaders personal goal, looking out for him/herself not so much their nations interest. You have to get close to a nation through gifts, trading, etc to be granted 'secret' access to their policy to see their hidden agenda. If anything you do goes counter to any of their agenda's they become erratic and paranoid. Think south korea and north korea, they co-exist but barely. Or china and taiwan. Civs take their sovereignty super serious in this one, even the HINT that you are making an aggressive move makes them paranoid, build a settler, fine, move that settler one hex towards empty land near them, they freak. Remember, they are hipocrits too. Oh and gifts are your friend, give them small amounts of gold every so often.

Units and Combat.
The combat in this version is about the same as in the last, you do have some support units and there is a whole faith based combat system but honestly most of the refinement can be had here, its not great but its not bad.

Fit and Polish
I do wish they had gone a different direction than the cartoony graphics, of course one of the first mods i used was the westeros reshade filter which helped a ton, another issue is when playing a 12 AI map turns take forever to resolve, sometimes 2 minutes which is crazy. But overall its a solid base game and I think it will only get better as they patch and refine.

*edit* I wanted to edit this to add a couple things. First off I have had alot of people saying this game was buggy. I have a decent PC:

Windows 10 Home 64-bit (10.0, Build 14393) (14393.rs1_release_inmarket.161014-1755)
Language: English (Regional Setting: English)
BIOS: BIOS Date: 10/20/10 09:47:36 Ver: 08.00.10
Processor: AMD FX(tm)-8120 Eight-Core Processor (8 CPUs), ~3.1GHz
Memory: 16384MB RAM
Available OS Memory: 16330MB RAM
Page File: 6269MB used, 12724MB available
DirectX Version: DirectX 12
Card name: AMD Radeon R9 200 Series
Manufacturer: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Chip type: AMD Radeon Graphics Processor (0x679A)
DAC type: Internal DAC(400MHz)
Display Memory: 11218 MB
Dedicated Memory: 3053 MB
Shared Memory: 8165 MB
Current Mode: 2560 x 1440 (32 bit) (60Hz)
Monitor Name: ViewSonic VX2770 Series
Monitor Model: VX2770 SERIES
Driver File Version: 21.19.0137.0001 (English)
Driver Version: 21.19.137.1


Anyhow, I have not had one crash, one bugged UI, hang or any other glitch other than the long turn times mid-late game. Sure the game needs refinement, sure it has some bugs, but to label it as a glitchy, bug laden pile of garbage as so many have is outright false. I suspect they are using mods, perhaps incorrectly, or edited files themselves, maybe their systems need more memory. I know alot of people try to game on laptops now. That is simply something that won't fly in this game, not unless you sprung for a 1600++ gaming laptop with 12+ gb of ram and a dedicated GPU.

Just saying...

*edit #2*

Wanted to edit my review to add my current favorite mods I am using that makes the game well, perfect imo. You can find them all on civfanatics.

Improved Tech Tree
JFD's Rule with Faith
MOAR units mod
Tougher City States
Tundra Farms
Unit Report Screen
Wonders No Adjacency
Yet(not) Another Maps Pack
CQUI
 

RetiredVet
355 products in account
7
306 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
184.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2021
2K added a launcher that introduced consistent frame rate slowdown, terrible load times, and crashes on nearly every system

don't waste your money
 

Super Green Bowl
326 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
137.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2021
Product received for free

Fun, good game to play while Humankind isn't out yet, but please, remove 2K Laucher, the only thing it does is crash my game and make my life hell, other than that, good game.
 

Гоблин
161 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
994.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2020
The attention to detail when representing all the different civilizations and cultures is sublime. The music for each civ will bring people back to their childhoods and is so much fun to explore. Civilization has a good balance between a pure competitive strategy game and a city-builder and can be enjoyed both in single- and multiplayer. Both modes have issues though. The AI is terrible and gains artificial bonuses on higher difficulties. The multiplayer could be good, but relies on peer-to-peer connections and is plagued with desyncs and issues. Forget playing with random people on the internet through the game, you need external communities, like CPL, for that. There are mods that heavily improve the multiplayer experience, like "Multiplayer Helper", "Better Balanced Starts" and "Better Balanced Game". There are also some general problems in the game that could only be improved upon in a full sequel. The early game is much more interesting and engaging than the late-game, which can become a chore. Some victory conditions are very boring and each of them force you too much into a single playstyle for my taste. The balancing of the game is all over the place (which is fine for singleplayer, but not multiplayer). Despite all of that I can't stop playing and still learn new things and get better. Addicting.
 

crowbar
618 products in account
0
60 people found this review helpful
53 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
317.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 22
In this game, you can become an economic leviathan and then funnel gold and strategic resources into developing nations in order to fund proxy wars to destabilize another player's economy all for the purpose of forcing them to sell you their oil.

You can also play as America!
 

Plastered Pegasus
175 products in account
2
237 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
121.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2017
I waited nearly a year to buy CIV VI on sale hoping they'd have all the major bugs worked out only to find the game crashing for me after capturing an enemy settler. I can tell you this- if you like your gaming companies to be competent people who don't try to sell you a million DLCs when basic functions in the game are still broken a year later then Firaxis are not your guys. If Firaxis is wondering why CIV VI is selling so poorly, maybe they should look to themselves and realize people really hate it when you sell a broken game.

Edit: came back 2.5 years later to review again

In any case I cam back, bought the new DLC on a steep sale and frankly it still sucks. Not crashing this time but since CIV IV there's been a really really stupid trend towards trying to discourage the player from expanding. The AI I'm pretty sure is cheating and is able to somehow produce more settlers than me while simultaneously growing their cities faster which doesn't really make sense, but more importantly is the absolutely idiotic settlement system. So a rival is like 5 tiles from a strategic resource I wanted, so now I can't settle there? And the dumb tiling system means I can't buy tiles from another city until I reach it? The system seems designed to curb your expansion while discouraging violently beating up the AI to make it stop forward settling your space. It's not really a fun exploration game when the AI continues to forward settle in every.single.civgame and this kind of thing has been going on since CIV 3. I hate the AI so much and I still don't recommend this game unless it's on sale (and I only bought the new DLC on sale because I got a fat tax refund and trumpbux so whatever).

And the stupid continental system still isn't fun, every single continent is basically connected to each other. In CIV 3 you could get these cool maps where you'd be isolated on a small island in the sea and have to rush Pharos Lighthouse to get the early sea exploration to find out if you were just a Borneo with other islands nearby or if you were a New Zealand distant from pretty much everything else. All of the maps in CIV VI are frustratingly similar even when I randomize all the settings.

Early 2022, 4 years later. Came back again. Still randomly crashes.
 

Frank
128 products in account
5
50 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2021
My friend wanted to have a "quick skirmish" of just the two of us + two AI players, via Remote Play.
5 nights later, we are still not finished.

Needless to say, Civ6 is peak comfy strategic experience.
 

Doggy
198 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
335.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2021
Me when barbarian
⣿⣯⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣤⣤⣀
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷
　　⠈⠻⣿⡛⠉⠭⠉⠉⢉⣿⣿⣧
⠲⣶⠖⠄⠄⢿⣿⠄⠶⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧
　　　⠺⢿⡗⠄⣹⣿⣿⠿⣟⣿⡏
　　　　⠤⠤⢾⣿⣿⣿⣦⠘⡿
　　⠈⢻⡿⣷⣶⣶⣤⣤⣤⣶⣦
　　　⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟
　　　⠘⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
 

Mertini
220 products in account
0
248 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
70.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2016
In start, when I first started playing, I liked this. It felt a good breath of fresh air. After being able to dig in, and see, especially post patches. This game just falls, on so many fronts. Despite that, it has some good things.

Pro catagories:
Good Graphics
Good Music
Good Animations
Good Sound Design
Good Religious Design
Good Diplomacy Interface (Outside of a few issues.)

Con's:
Stupid AI (Even Post Patch)
Horrible UI (Game seeks to hide information almost from you at times.)
No penalties for going tall and wide. (And stupidly easy to do so.)
War solves almost every problem. (So many ways to bleed folks offensively and defensively.)
Ai feels stale and uninteresting.
Diplomacy with the Ai is never worth it. (What it will agree to in weakness, is suicidally stupid. Or demand, equally so.)
Difficulty again just gives the Ai free units, not stronger design.

I wanted to hope this would be good. I love civ. I've countless hours in 1-5, and loved them. But this design just hurts it, maybe, just maybe they can salvage it in a dlc. But I don't have hope they will. Avoid until its under $25, maybe might be worth it then.
 

TheStratovarian
797 products in account
3
357 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
363.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2017
I have 674 hours logged in Civilization 5, and what made that game great was the constant refinement provided by WORTHWHILE DLC content. The expansion and development of that game in comparison to this one is a complete joke. If you were to pay the same ammount of money there are FAR LESS features in Civilization 6 as compared to 5. I paid for the digital delux edition expecting the same product I recieved with Civilization 5 which (when paired with the DLC) was a masterpiece in my humble opinion. This is not the case with Civilization 6.

There are amazing features in this game, like city development, the districts system, expanded cultures, and a seemingly more expanisve end-game. I am also not opposed to the art style, and felt it did not detract from the game in any meaningful way.

However in stark contrast, the AI is absolutely apalling, the diplomacy/warmongering is game breaking, many Civs with military focus are insanely powerful when compared to Civs with religion focus, the lack of world congress, and not to mention that the game is EASY.

Here is a guide on how to win at nearly any difficulty: 1) ♥♥♥♥ culture, religion, and diplomacy, and throw that ♥♥♥♥ right out the window 2) Have AI declare war on you/declare war on them 3) Have your military chill in your cities with plenty of ranged units 4) Slaughter the AI's army as it throws itself mindlessly against your walls 5) Counter-attack the now militarily inconsiquential AI with a mix of mele at the front backed up by a ♥♥♥♥ load of ranged units 6) Profit

What the ♥♥♥♥ is happening Firaxis?? Civilization 5 was AMAZING and it showed in your reviews of the game. Then Beyond Earth? Which many people choose to forget as a blemish worth overlooking in the series because it was reasonable to "try new things". And now Civilization 6?? Some of the things you did with this game were amazing, and many people love it. But, it's painfully obvious you spent far too much effort on developing very specific aspects of the game while completely neglecting CORE elements of what made running a civilization in previous games fun. It pains me to see all of these new and wonderful ideas sit idle, and grow stagnent while you release DLC that pales in comparison to your previos efforts instead of balancing that with further refining.

In summary I am NOT a satisfied customer, I am so dissappointed by the product I have recieved thusfar, and will most certainly NOT be pre-ordering any Civilization game ever again (let alone this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have been served as digital "delux"). This makes me so sad Firaxis. I have LOVED your series since first purchasing Civilization 3, and have since pre-ordered every one of your games plus any available DLC/digital delux content in the Civilization series. I will no longer be doing this.

Thank you so much for the good times I had, and I am perfectly willing to change my opinion, and this review of the game if it develops into something I am satisfied with.

BUT SERIOUSLY FIX THE BROKEN STUFF, ADD RELEVENT CONTENT, AND STOP GIVING ME 1 OR 2 CIVS EVERY MONTH. I DONT WANT MORE CIVS I WANT MORE FUN.

/rant
 

Xemawth
230 products in account
15
139 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
1,173.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2021
This game includes a broken "launcher", which makes no sense. STEAM is the game launcher! Just open the game, and stop trying to make launchers a thing.
 

Gray Pockets
52 products in account
12
63 people found this review helpful
48 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
178.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 3
I love committing mass genocide! :D
 

Gibi
103 products in account
1
343 people found this review helpful
56 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
106.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2016
Here's what you'll come to expect of the wondrous creatures known as the Civ6 AI:

1) Geting denounced first 50 turns by every sentient being on the continent
2) Geting spammed by indecisive enemy war chariots who dance back and fourth without really doing anything
3) Enemy will retreat back to their capital to sit around for the next 2000 years without touching unit upgrades
4) Oh and you'll be at war with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the rest of your campaign most likely since they're stubborn bastards
5) Get scared to see an AI player entering the industrial age but thankfully he's just really cultured and is 5 tiers ahead, his people are still as dumb as apes in science
6) Formal War is the only war
7) AI has rediculous output on higher difficulties but never takes advantage of it
8) AI will make ridiculous one sided trade and peace deals, and WONT negotatie any terms.
9) General ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whining from the AI and constant denounciations and insults really pushes me over the edge to where I say: "♥♥♥♥ it I was trying to play a peaceful merchant republic but now you all get the nuclear holocaust"
10) Hidden agendas are another sour layer of crust the AI will use to judge and dencouce you
11) ♥♥♥♥ every leader who thinks they can tell you what to do. Why is it Rome's problem if you're not big enough, or Egypt's if you dont have an army to protect her, that picky size queen
12) Again, difficulty spike goes from Prince: Easy comp stomp, all the way to King: A long, arduous war of attrition against non stop cannon fodder, and it only gets worse with all the enemy benefits down the line
13) AI gets no warmongering penalties and gets free pickings on anything that moves. Oh you want to protect your homeland from Greece settling on your nice luxeries next door? THEN YOU'RE BASICALLY HITLER TO THE AI
14) I want off of Gilgamesh's wild chariot ride

I spent $80 worthless Canadian dollars on an unfinished shell that is in some dire need of patching. Firaxis, please put some soul into the PvE. I know competitive multiplayer is the big meme today but ffs who ever has time for Civ multiplayer. I'm going to put this aside until AI gets a SERIOUS makeover, and Workshop is included, hell I'd be alright with workshop since modders have proven time and time again that they know what the community really wants.

Can't wait for Leader DLC packs too, woo hoo...
 

Drakken
360 products in account
25
247 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
493.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2018
As someone who's spent almost 400 hours on this game and will very likely spend much more in this, it's disheartening that I have to make this review.

Civ 6 has a lot of problems. It has some cool features too, but many, many problems.

First, the good, since this list will be shorter.

1. The district and wonder mechanics are the shining beacon of this game. And, sadly, the only beacon of this game. While it's odd at times and can be confusing for people new to 6, properly utilizing districts can have amazing returns. Especially if you use mods that make the gameplay actually remotely viable (omnibus, loaded districts, quo's, etc). Wonders taking up a tile can hurt, but it also provides massive benefits... assuming, of course, you're using mods (wondrous wonders, quo's, etc). natural wonders also make a comeback, and often provide amazing bonuses themselves (dead sea making your scouts immortal against the barbarian horde lol, the new mountain allowing units to ignore hills... until they get promoted for some reason?), though many are usually decent at best, and some are downright weak. Districts also helps combat the "build a city every 4 tiles in a grid" that you see in all of the earlier civs. Due to taking up tiles on their own, cities need more tiles to be able to remain self-sufficient. Getting "good" cities (where each of your districts have several yield points) means spreading your districts out (unless you're japan). Cities take more space than they did in earlier games, and compacting your cities now means you're worse off than in the earlier civ games, when you could build markets and libraries without issue in your 7-hex/9 square city. Really, the introduction of districts has done a lot for the game, and is the single best feature of the game, even with the new expansion.

2. Speaking of the expansion, thank god they didn't pull another "we're removing a base feature from older games and making you pay a bunch to have it back again". Golden ages were re-introduced, but they behave completely different from the same of older games. There's loyalty, which is the peaceful city grabbing, but it doesn't count as re-adding base features for a different reason, and I'll leave that for later. The ages mechanic is actually interesting, the dedications are very powerful (if you can get a golden age), and strategic dark ages can result in steamrolling the enemy, -especially- if you can get a golden age afterwards. That said, if you're playing on slower games (like marathon), it ranges from very difficult to nigh-impossible to not get a golden age, much less get a dark age (a problem made worse with 8 ages of pace later in the game, but they're working on that, and that doesn't effect the middle of the game)... unless you're an AI, of course. So another hopeful mechanic.

And that's it for the positives. Now for the negatives.

1. The AI. First off I want to mention what difficulty does in civ games (and most games, really). A higher difficulty means the AI gets benefits, and you get disadvantages. It does not have any effect on their ability to actually play, meaning they will behave the same way in easy as in deity. Just that if you play in deity you'll never get any wonders because of said AI benefits. As such, the AI in this game is BAD. A common issue deals with AI simply not expanding, even if they have -plenty- of room or -plenty- of resources to go for. They just don't. Sometimes you'll be in the atomic age and finally go to explore that continent you ignored, find another civ, and they're 3 ages behind you with ONLY A SINGLE CITY. I've had games were 3+ civs did this. Hell, I've had games where I had more cities than everyone else in a 10-player game combined without engaging in any war. The AI has plenty of other problems, as well, sometimes leading to exploits that for a unit to walk back and forth forever without actually attacking you because of how the AI works (though I believe they -might- have fixed this with the expansion - they've had a year and a half to do it, after all). The mod that would fix the AI can't actually do much because of the lack of tools given to modders.

2. Speaking of "year and a half" and mods, the devs have been completely and utterly irresponsive to practically everything that actually matters. There was no teams when this game came out. "oh but there's teams now" some might say, but that doesn't fix the problem. Teams weren't introduced until the Australian Summer update. Neither was any real mod support. Both of these were supposed to be in the game at launch, but weren't, and instead delayed to a "day 0 patch", which inevitably turned into a "month 5" patch. By then, hype had died down, and anyone who could have been interested in the game lost interest. It went from a game a heard about daily to a game I only remember because I look through my steam list for something to play between burning myself out on other games. I honestly have no clue where the slew of news regarding this game gets its "it's amazingly popular" considering the reviews for this game and its DLC are either MIXED or MOSTLY NEGATIVE. But back to the responsiveness, or lack thereof, the team made absolutely no remark to the public over a fix for teams or modding for months, and at one point removed the only evidence they were actually planning on adding it from the code (removed the existing teams code as well as the "day 0 patch" comment), which only further served to anger the playerbase that had been waiting for a few months to play the game they pre-ordered (there are a large number of players who -only- play teams). it wasn't until even later that they actually made an official statement remarking that they knew about teams and were planning on fixing it, which seemed more like a remark to the "they won't speak" comments than an actual promise to release. Then the Australian Summer patch came and fixed everything, right? Wrong. More bugs were introduced into the game, including a frustrating bug that makes playing the game -extremely- uncomfortable, that's -still in the game a year later with no comment- that's caused by something seemingly -completely disconnected-. If one of your units discovers the edge of the map, it causes the game to stop playing sounds for... some reason? at first it's just one or two actions of a couple units or buttons stop making sounds, or longer periods between music changing, but eventually all sounds other than ambient wind completely disappear, including button clicks, cutscene sounds, all music, and, the most annoying part, barbarian spawns, resulting in the player needing to reload the save in order to fix it... for a couple of turns before it breaks again. this doesn't get fixed until you research satelites or use the debug command "Reveal All". For people who play on marathon speed and circumnavigate the world in 150-200 turns, this means spending the next 3-400 turns without sound, or reloading the game. Of course this isn't the only game-ruining bug - the game is chock full of them. A year and 3 civ packs later and R&F comes out... and completely borks mods. Somehow they managed to mess it up so badly that DLC now load after the mods that reference or otherwise rely on, causing a return to the title screen. The only fix for this is to -overwrite core game files-. Overwriting core files is always treated as a last-ditch effort by modders in every game, but in civ 6 it seems practically necessary to get stuff to work properly, with this being the latest affront to modders. So far they haven't commented on this at all. Oh, but I sure am glad they're putting all their effort in making their new hidden agendas less "sexist"! /sarc

I don't have enough characters to finish this review, so I'll continue it in the comments.
 

Ridesdragons
277 products in account
37
169 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
682.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2017
I really, genuinely want to recommend this game. It's definitely got some fun to it and has some very neat systems in place. Districts and adjacency bonuses, while not perfect, add a layer of strategy and planning that I appreciate. Wonders being moved to tiles instead of cities deters wonder whoring and adds potential for greater effects. Civs feel a bit more fleshed out and varied -- DLC civs in particular, mind you -- in terms of both abilities and playstyles. The science/civic tree split both makes sense and, alongside governments and policy cards, feels better than social policies did in Civ V. Religion, Espionage, and City States have much more depth and impact than they had in Civ V. Mods are easier to impliment and switch out and don't disable achievements. And I do have to commend Firaxis for recognizing complaints and giving Digital Deluxe folks 3 more civs than initially promised.

But the AI is ditzy and unforgiving. Agendas kill diplomacy completely and lead to rapid denouncements. The soundtrack is inferior to Civ V and very repetitive. The tech tree is paltry and poorly connected (researching flight before I can even build castles? Swordsmen progressing to musketmen progressing to modern infantry?). The late game is astoundingly boring. Movement of units is slow and stiff. Barbarians come in nigh-insurmountable droves. Sean Bean's readings are boring and the quotes he reads are lame. Hotfixes have to wait for slow, periodic patches, leaving glaring bugs in the game for longer than they should be. Not to mention the blatant cashgrabbing with how DLC is handled (The full game is $80, let's be real). It's genuinely repulsive to see Civ stoop to this level.

tl;dr it's almost there, and is fun in some aspects, but ultimately falls flat and has some glaring issues that keep it from being truly enjoyable.
 

love 4 scum
289 products in account
0
291 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
403.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2021
I have put nearly 400 hours into this game and now it for some reason crashes or freezes every 3rd turn. I have checked the forums and it is filled with comments about this same issue and they have done nothing to fix the issue. I would love to play this game but it is currently unplayable and no fix is in sight.
 

Smok35orce
48 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 19
game performs poorly. 2k launcher makes it unplayable.
 

clober916
100 products in account
0
362 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2021
I can't start this game on my computer. The play button doesn't work. This stinks!
 

suzmkennedy
4 products in account
0
245 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
48.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2016
48 hours and I'm tired of it, even though I've clocked hundreds upon hundreds of hours in Civ 3-5. That is bad for a Civ game.

It simply seems to have little in the way of new discoveries and the system of districts has the nasty side effect that you more often busy yourself with the internal affairs of your empire instead of exploring the world - which gets tedious and uninspiring after you've done it for a few games. Game mechanics like diplomacy, religion and spying feel chorelike. With the lack of map generation options, the crazy AI, the lacklustre rewards for expansion and exploration, the reduced need to find specific strategic resources, it all ends up being pretty samey. I can't put my finger on it but it also feels like the different civs are less unique now.

You'd think that focusing on internal affairs would be fun, especially for someone like me who really loves playing the turtle, but you will rarely find a game where an AI will not force you to war, either by settling ridiculously close to you or suicide attacking you. Want to focus a match on culture and science? Forget it, war it is. Want to be a reclusive island civ that colonizes the new world? Forget it, an AI will always spawn at a set distance from you. Want to be a glorious diplomat? Nope, the AI will hate you relentlessly. There also doesn't seem to be much of a way to get ahead without fighting - which gets boring if you've already played countless wars in Civ5.

I understand that they've tried to streamline the gameplay a bit, by reducing the different types of units you get through the ages, balancing starting map points more etc. but there's not escaping that this also makes every game more repetative. I prefer my Civ matches to be more assymetrical as it keeps the matches interesting and really increases the replay value. The lack of global happiness (Which was a stupid system in itself) and the addition of the generic entertainment complex now makes luxury resources seem to have much less of an impact on the gameplay - and the spawn rate of resources is less chaotic, which makes for finding especially interesting spots on the map for settling (and fighting over) incredibly rare.

There are many good sides to the game as well - but you can find those in the positive reviews. My hopes are that they'll turn this game around with a few wonderful expansions and patches. Until then, look for a sale to pick this one up. There still potential to turns this into a great game and I'll change my review if they do so.
 

GoatWizard
314 products in account
5
177 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
1,327.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
This was my favourite game for some time.... Then they introduced the 2K Launcher.... Game Over .....
 

kitrinakis
22 products in account
0
92 people found this review helpful
54 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
808.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2021
just one more turn
 

Master Splinter
939 products in account
0
120 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
904.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2018
After 500 hours I'm finally getting round to writing a review of this game and it's expansion - Rise and Fall.

Civ VI flawed, in many ways fundamentally. It is a game that has so much potential, so many excellent ideas to expand on arguably the greatest turn-based strategy game of modern times in Civilisation V: Brave New World, but falls short in a few key areas

Graphically the game is stunning. The aesthetic issues some people seemed to dislike moving from V to VI are moved past easily once you see the fluid unit, leader and wonder animations. The day night cycle looks good, albeit a little unnecessary and annoying at times, and everything is clear on the strategic and world maps. The music is also excellent, each Civ having their own theme that develops as the game goes on, America's theme being notably one of the best pieces I've heard in a video game for a long time. Rise and Fall simply added to these with more leaders and more units, all of which look and sound top notch

Gameplay wise there are a lot of positive improvements. Districts make city planning a lot more strategic and long term than in V, where you could broadly keep your city up to date by chopping and changing tile improvements as you went. The change to workers that means they now have limited uses fulfills a similar purpose. Wonders similarly use up space on the map, though their value is disputable in far too many cases. Policy cards make changes to the fundamental bonuses your Civ is receiving feel a lot more involved and a lot more intricate than just the government or policy tree changes of previous games. Combat is essentially unchanged from V, if you're going for a domination victory the only major change is the addition of the Encampment district which is vital to any warmonger. Loyalty means that expansion is tempered by a need to either snowball completely or heavily garrison your gains however, which is a good addition.

But all those good improvements come with downsides. The early game is even more heavily weighted in importance than in V. Unlucky starts can cripple you in comparison to your opponents, wonders can sometimes skew things so far as to remove major challenges to expansion and teching entirely (The Colosseum adds both Loyalty and Culture to cities in range, making it an absolute monster), and religion, despite having a victory condition now, is less powerful than in V by virtue of its bonuses being a lot less passive and a lot more focussed on that victory. Spies are either useless or broken depending on circumstances (siphoning funds is meh but completely stopping a Space Race part or outright stealing works of art is insane) and often arbitrarily extend games. The AI has no real idea, seemingly, as to how to use most of these elements which further reinforces the players ability to abuse such mechanics. It says a lot that the developers made massive improvements to the AI's ability to use naval combat a year after release because it was, frankly, so easy to win with fleets before that patch and still isn't that hard to just steamroll them now.

All that being said, it has the same "one more turn" addictive quality that it predecessor had, compounded by the city planning elements that make you want to go back and try again with a new setup and synergies. I adore playing Greece and trying to find ways to beat the AI's to wonders around my Parthenons to create powerful districts that dominate culturally and have done since release. Balance is actually very good, though there are definitely currently Civ's that are extremely powerful (Korea, Greece, Russia, Germany - essentially any with a specialised district of their own) and tech is still easily the most reliable route to victory because by its nature it provides two routes to easy victory (Space and Domination).

In multiplayer I've had issues with desyncing since release but it's never been fatal, unlike in Beyond Earth and V where games would just collapse after some desyncs. Sometimes that's unavoidable, so the relatively stability of the game on release and since is good.

Overall, Civ VI is not an improvement on V, but neither is it a huge step backwards. It won't feel enough like a new experience if you're still enjoying V and sometimes my nostalgia for BNW kicks in hard. But I don't think I could go back to it. Civ VI changes how you view the Civilisation environment, and that alone means it's gets my recommendation as something to try if it ever goes on sale.



 

Daddy Wuffster
889 products in account
1
120 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
1,242.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 18
This game currently half functions, they released a series of DLCs that broke the game in a number of ways, but mainly for me multiplayer games always crash and are often unfinishable is the biggest issue.

I have 1000+ hours into steam Civs, and this isn't the only platform I played on, but I can't keep playing this game as busted as it is.

Edit: Good News (sort of). A player figured out a simple edit to a config file that seems to fix a lot of the crashing issues. So far I've even managed to finish a single players game with only 3 crashes (turn 30ish, 120ish, and finally at 300), frankly 3 ain't bad, and I'm about 150 deep in a multiplayer game that has only crashed once (at about turn 50).

You'll have to look on the steam forums because I'm not going to add that all in here, but its pretty easy to change.

tl;dr: If you are willing to put up with a glitchy game that requires its players to suss out its issues then go ahead and buy this. If you want a game that just works, this isn't it.
 

BauerHaus
397 products in account
0
258 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
2,739.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2021
The game has become less stable with each update.
 

mahad.abdi359
49 products in account
0
136 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
545.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2018
>Didn't play nor open the game during the RedShell sh*tshow
>Agreed to nothing
>Decided to wait it out
>See how stubborn 2K is with RedShell
>RedShell removed
>Profit (???)

Some folks still prefer Civ 5 and I get that, it is indeed a superb game. I for one, prefer 6 because of the Rise and Fall DLC mechanics. I am by no means a Civ veteran, but if you wanna start to get into Civ games, I would suggest you get Civ 5 along with it's DLCs during a sale (it gets stupid cheap and a bang for your buck) and see if Civ games are for you. It's not that 6 is harder than 5 but I think 5 is a good introduction to civ games, it's a game that made me fall in love with Civ or any 4X games in general.

I give this game my recommendation because coming from Civ 5, I find it's gameplay fresh (albeit people have been mentioning AI being still broken), and call me a f*ckboi, but I love the more cartoony art-style Civ 6 has, sorry for being rude, cos I've seen plenty of people let down by the fact that Firaxis shift their design language for the game.

Again, I'm no Civ veteran, you may have your own preference if you are one. I'm just a friendly dude telling how he enjoys a game :)
 

Bloom Mundy
835 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
221.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2019
I'm not going to review the game, I just wanted to address the reason for the Mixed review score in Steam, for anyone who's wondering.

This game gets too much flak even nowadays. There are two main reasons for that: The AI and the DLC policy. The AI is not very good (although it wasn't that great in Civ 5 either), they often make subpar choices and they aren't very good at war at all, which means you can usually beat them even while being outnumbered 1 to 5 easily as long as you're not playing on the highest two difficulties. The DLC policy is also not great, when Firaxis releases a new Civ game it's always barebones and lacking in content and mechanics, and then they shower you with expensive DLC to make the experience feel complete. Now this is awful at the beginning, when the game gets originally released, but as the title approaches the moment when all of its DLC are released, they offer decent discounts. You can now for example get the gold edition which includes everything minus the last expansion for just 32€, and then you can get Gathering Storm for around 30€ to 40€.

All in all, Civ 6 is just like Civ 5 in a generalistic way, but there's new and different mechanics that make the experience quite different too. If you liked Civ 5, I'd highly recommend getting this one, but only when it's discounted.
 

Dorin
602 products in account
0
91 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,640.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2019
Honestly,
I've heard the bad reviews, and agree with them largely. But I have hours of gameplay on this game..

It's worth a shot if you're really on the fence.
 

Bocka
93 products in account
0
322 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
122.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
Apart from being the most lacklustre entry in the Civilization francise to date, with terrible AI and boring mechanics, this game CONTAINS SPYWARE.

THIS GAME CONTAINS SPYWARE.

Buyer beware.
 

Matt 马休
411 products in account
19
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
63.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2019
It's sad when the DLC is cheaper to buy if you don't already own the game. [EDIT] Don't know when it happened but they finally fixed this and let us buy the bundle at a discount if we owned the game.
 

Top Hat Raptor
540 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
66 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
304.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 28
Wait what day is it? I swear it was 9pm like 2 hours ago... Is that the sun??
 

Kitz
24 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2,885.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2017
The recent Fall 2017 patch has fixed the glaring bugs from previous version and the game is playable and fun once again. I have thus changed my review to recommend.
 

Morgawr
32 products in account
27
147 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
548.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2017
The good things:
- Districts
- Wonders are visible and take one hex.
- The new builders/workers mechanic
- The narrator's voice and acting
- Music
- Runs on Linux. To be fair it runs even faster on Linux

The bad things:
- Very, very weak AI. This is the most weighted point.
- Leaders models. I really miss the realistic models from Civ V.
- The narrator's lines
- Very few units, the army composition is basically the same for every CIv
- The way science and culture don't scale very well in the late game, it's just too easy to reseach

Overall, I don't recommend.
 

omgapenguin
145 products in account
3
250 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2016
2nd Update: After ~16 hours of play and one culture victory with France and despite some smaller flaws that still exist (like not being able to rename any cities), I nevertheless adhere to my former opinion: This might be – or at least become very soon – the best entry in the series yet.

Update: After having read so many reviews stating that Civ 5 is better: Please, people, remember how bland Civ 5 felt before the two major DLCs were released. Compared to that, Civ 6 is a huge step forward.

Original review: While the new graphics style might need getting used to by some, there's really not much to complain about. The interface is sleek and polished and the new fog of war (as well as the strategic view) are gorgeous. Same goes for the amazin theme by Christopher Tin. Civilization 6 takes a fresh turn on well-tried mechanics and is changing those that didn't quite work out, as well as introducing a lot of new ones – and they all seem to fit perfectly. The base game includes nearly everything that was in the Civ 5 DLCs. Not everything, but there has to be something left for modding and DLC, right? Let's end with this: If you ever liked a 4X game in general or a Civ game in particular, you can grab this one without hesitation. It might be - or at least become very soon - the best entry in the series yet.
 

aSak
499 products in account
16
93 people found this review helpful
104 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 4
⢸⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⡷⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠢⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸ Are you Civilized, son?
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠖⠒⠒⠒⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⣀⢤⣼⣀⡠⠤⠤⠼⠤⡄⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠑⡤⠤⡒⠒⠒⡊⠙⡏⠀⢀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠢⡄⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠇⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⢀⠧⠟⠁⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠸⣀⠀⠀⠈⢉⠟⠓⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢱⡖⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⢺⠧⢄⣀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⣠⠃⢸⠀⠀⠈⠉⡽⠿⠯⡆⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⣰⠁⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⢸⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⢇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡌⠀⠈⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠃⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
 

Sh11fty
23 products in account
1
207 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
540.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2019
Why punish those who jumped into the game on release by overcharging them for the DLC? Incredibly cheap and disloyal to your customer base. Until a fix is made, which I doubt happens given the behavior of the company, I absolutely do not recommend this game.
 

CasualParadoxx
18 products in account
3
86 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2021
Being forced to buy the DLC at full retail price, while other users can purchase it at 77% off is stupid.

Even if i remove the product from my steam account it will block any attempt to re-purchase at the offer price.

No way am i going to pay over £150 for DLC content when i can create a brand new account and buy a 77% off bundle for £41.

Stupid and anti consumer.
 

Marm
432 products in account
0
507 people found this review helpful
138 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2017
Do you like CIV 5? Just play CIV 5.
 

Ajax
383 products in account
2
45 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
197.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2019
This is a good game but get it when it's on sale as it's not worth the full price
 

Fatman
25 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4,494.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2021
I love this game although multi player could use some improvement.
 

mgray11
10 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
825.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2021
One...more...turn
 

zdanoz
305 products in account
0
265 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 14

Not Recommended
747.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2020
It's been years and a lot of money, I just had a multiplayer game ruined by getting stuck in the city details screen, being unable to advance turn. FIX YOUR PRODUCT YOU GREEDY B*STARDS, you have time to pump out DLC after DLC, and ask for $10 for a new leader, but you don't have time to fix basic glitches? This will be the last civ game I buy.
 

Solenoid
166 products in account
10
435 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
67.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2016
I'm a huge Civilization fan, and have been since I first played Civ II many years ago. Every single Civ game since Civ II, has been able to provide me with that "Just one more turn..." feeling at launch despite any shortcomings or bugs that needed to be ironed out with patches or expansions. I'll even include Beyond Earth in that statement. Sure it had it's flaws, but it had me coming back for more turns (just not as many as IV or V did).

I'm sad to say, Civ VI does not provide me with that same feeling at launch. There are numerous issues that I have with the game. Some of these issues I recognize as being based on my personal tastes rather than any fault on the developers part, but the majority of the major issues I have seem to be common complaints I've seen here and elsewhere, and sadly ignored or swept aside by professional reviewers.

-The UI is woefully inefficient compared to the UI's in IV and V. While I appreciate the drive to try something new (and I admit, I fell very hard for V's UI and design, I love art deco designs), the UI feels less like a fully fleshed out idea, and more like something that is still in the beta stage, being tweaked and primed before launch.

-Tooltips really need a lot of work.

-The map and fog of war design can be a bit of an eyesore and confusing to boot. While I'm fine with the "map" design for undiscovered territory, the fog of war either needs a color change or complete revamp as it can be confusing and a bit of an eye sore in determining what features and resources lay within the fog of war, as well as where the fog of war ends and where the undiscovered portion of the map begins.

-The diplomacy options, while improved (huge fan of the casus belli feature), still need some tweaking. AI players can ask you to remove your troops from their border, but you're unable to make the same request. Why?

-Speaking of AI, it still needs a lot of work. Here's a good example, an AI player will ask you to enter a joint war with them. You agree. The very next turn, the very same AI player will denounce you as a warmonger. Uhhhhh, what?

-You are given no clear indication how diplomatic bonuses and penalties work, beyond a vague "War monger +15", etc. tooltip.

-When AI leaders denounce you, their animation screen loads, you see their denunciation, then another screen loads where (until you meet a particular research requirement) your only option is to say goodbye. I know some people hated the way Civ V's diplomacy worked, but I miss it quite a bit compared to this convoluted yet barebones method of telling me that Cleopatra doesn't think I have a very large army every few turns. Honestly, this whole issue could be solved by not forcing me to watch an animation prior to making a choice every time another civ wants to denounce me or make me an offer.

-The great people and policy cards feel really sparse. While I think the new system shows promise, it's really aggravating to see the list of cards popup and feel like art assets for each great person or policy wasn't included or ready for launch.

-While I think the new mechanics like city districts and the new policy mechanics sounded cool pre-launch, I find myself often confused as to how exactly they and their bonuses work due to the lack of aforementioned tooltips. I get that as I play more, my understanding of them will grow, but it's really frustrating to have to figure it out this way whereas previous Firaxis titles were much much better at communicating how core game mechanics worked.

I'm hoping that I can eventually change this review to a recommend in the coming months, but for right now, I realize that while I'm in the minority, I cannot heartedly recommend this game until it gets some serious TLC from Firaxis.

There's a great base here for what I think can be a truly fantastic addition to the Civ series, it just needs a lot of work to get there. I hope Firaxis can eventually fix these issues and make this the game I know they're capable of making. Buy at your own risk, for now.
 

Handsome Ralph
775 products in account
3
120 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
55.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2019
Held off buying this based on all negative reviews but took the plunge on it and gathering storm DLC as it was reduced and I was bored. 13 hours in on my first game and it`s easy to see why so much negativity. Messy and definately a step backwards from last version.

- AI. top complaint from what I can see. Convinced myself it couldn`t be that bad and that every civ game suffers the same issues. But it was. It really was. The AI clearly cheats and spews out units and wonders at start. Their attempts at international relations are extremely erratic and devoid of any reason or loyality. War will come randomly and without warning. Managed to hold my own and pursued scorched earth policy in return. And after a bit the other civs just stopped. Sued for peace and stagnated doing very little. Whilst the civs too far to fight me directly denounced me for rubbish reasons and spammed religious units which arrived at my capital in droves.

- Graphics fine. But making sense of the map with the resources and districts is confusing and messy. Speaking of which....

- Districts. A good idea I suppose but doesn`t implement well in my opinion. Maybe if tiles where smaller and more frequent. I see potential for making speciality cities but instead I end up with sprawling messes.

- Interface is horrible. So counter intuitive. I miss the city screens. Civ games are about making decisions based on information and the way this game displays that information really is a massive step back. Can`t even click on tile for info before making move. I accidentally moved units a number of times with no cancel option.

- Builders last 3 turns? Bit of a rubbish change if you ask me. Especially when it takes so long to make them.

- No apparent option to balance spending and taxation. Surely I should be allowed to choose which to prioritise

- Religion. Just annoying. AI spams stupid units which pour over my territory with no option to block them or warn AI. All I can do is spawn my own to attack each one. Slowly and repeatedly. Very tedious.

- Governors. Welcome I guess. But a missed opportunity. Very rigid in what each one does. Would be good to shape your own in your chosen direction. Maybe add ministers.

- Corp and armies option very welcome addition. Wars would be so much better if they made tiles smaller thus avoiding 2 tile pile ups. Would offer alot more strategy. Also would be great if you had separate military and civil budgets and could build from both side by side.

Anyway, could probably add to this list of gripes quite a bit but short version is a thumbs down from me. Will probably struggle on for a bit whilst constantly thinking "why did the do that when they could have done this". Shame.
 

scorryuk
157 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
841.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2019
I have to say that at first Civ6 didn't appeal to me so much; the art style I found unappealing and the fog of war confusing. All in all the strategic oversight was lacking because the map was filled with too much clutter. With the latest dlc the game has improved significantly. The weather and natural disasters are well done. The one thing that bothers me still is the amount of cities that the AI churns out. It becomes more of a race for settler building than anything else sometimes. Plus I find the AI really aggressive to the point where I lose my fun playing. So I still am undecided as to wheither I like the game. Sometimes I am enjoying it immensely but often only to be frustrated again by aforementioned problems. (still the fog of war bothers me in my oversight in the way that it is displayed) So I wish I could change the way the fog of war looks. It is a mighty game still but I can't help but feel it could have been so much better still.
 

Boogaloobob
1,846 products in account
5
450 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2016
NOTE: THIS REVIEW WAS MADE AROUND WHEN CIV VI WAS FIRST RELEASED. IT MAY NO LONGER BE AS ACCURATE AS IT FIRST WAS. TAKE IT WITH A GRAIN OF SALT.

Short: At this time, I'd only recommend buying Civ VI if you intend to play primarily with others. The biggest problems revolve around the AI, and multiplayer gameplay is MUCH better than singleplayer. Even then, though, I'd suggest you put some thought into it.

If you intend to play primarily singleplayer, just stick to Civ V. It's fun, and suffers none of the issues that Civ VI has to deal with.

Long:

I'm honestly shocked that I'm writing this.

I loved Civ V. I have ~163 hours logged on it. But this...

I expected better.

Graphics:
The graphics are probably the area where Civ VI actually does well. It's clear that a lot of effort was put into making a game that looked very pretty (because it IS very pretty).

If only they put as much effort into making the gameplay as high-quality.

Soundtrack:
I've seen some articles raving about Civ VI's soundtrack. There is NOTHING special about it. It's barely present, and not memorable at all. (The title screen music is the exception to this. THAT is amazing.)

As for sound effects, they're nothing special, but they're of acceptable quality.

Gameplay:
Good:
+It has the same deep, complex, addicting strategy gameplay that the Civ franchise is known for.

+The new District system adds more planning to city building, and encourages you to build more cities so you can access a wider variety of resources. Planning = Strategery = Better.

+The Happiness system from Civ V has been replaced by Amenities. The way it's set up removes almost all of the penalties for building a ton of cities. This means that "building wide" is now a MUCH more viable strategy than it was in Civ V.

+Citystates are now MUCH fancier. Becoming their best friend now grants you a VERY special bonus unique to that specific citystate (as long as you stay their best friend, at least)

+Religion plays a much bigger role. It's not DLC anymore, and they've added a victory method relating to it. Nice to see it getting some much-needed attention.

+Culture has gotten an overhaul, it's now needed to unlock government policies (as well as some buildings). The tiny upgrade trees from Civ V have been replaced by a giant research tree comparable to the science one.

+Some changes to how unit maintainence and economics work means that maintaining a larger standing army is now feasable without late-game special abilities.

Bad:
-THE AI, AKA THE BIGGEST PROBLEM WITH THIS GAME.
Oh my goodness, where to begin?
I expect some occasional stupidity or unreasonableness from AI in any game. Civ gets more leeway in this regard due to the fact that it's SO. FREAKING. COMPLICATED! (in a good way. I like complex.)
However, instead of the mostly-semi-reasonable AI one would expect, we get AI civs with LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE expectations that, if you don't meet, they just go out and declare war on you. Non-stop. No diplomacy of any sort is possible (because they're so unreasonable) and it's HIGHLY doubtful it would help anyways. It's unreasonable, it's not fair (as while the AI civs pretty much always end up hating each other, they barely ever declare war on each other), and most importantly, IT'S NOT FUN.
For someone like me who prefers to go for victories besides domination, this is pretty much game-ruining.
In addition to this, they also seem to have the ability to create LIMITLESS military and religious units with little to no cost or negative side-effects. Again, unreasonable, unfair, and unfun.

The AI is the BIGGEST ISSUE Civ VI has. I am not the only one to hold this opinion, either.
If it wasn't an issue, this would be a MUCH more positive review.

-Housing. It's an arbitrary limit on how many people you can have, and it exists for LITERALLY. NO. REASON. (realism? who needs that? I want fun gameplay, not realism.) By limiting population, the game forces you to "build wide", as it's COMPLETELY IMPOSSIBLE to "build tall" (comparable to how in Civ V, the happiness system made "building wide" a horrible idea). Housing adds nothing to the gameplay, and does nothing but make certain strategies impossible.

-Religion has a few very noticable flaws. My 3 main complaints are:
1: The 2 methods of spreading your religion are missionary units, and pressure emanated from cities. This is all well and good, EXCEPT THERE IS NO WAY TO SEE ANY REPRESENTATION OF PRESSURE AT ALL. You're left guessing as to whether you're having an effect or not. Now that religion is so much more important, something like this is MUCH more of a problem.
2: It's possible to have your religion wiped out. If all of your cities are converted to a different religion after you've founded your own religion, CONGRATULATIONS! Your religion is dead. This would be a fairly minor thing if it weren't for the fact that the AIs get limitless religious units (as mentioned above), thus giving them a VERY unfair advantage religion-wise. It'd probably be tolerable, if it weren't for...
3: Several times, I have had several of my cities stop believing in my religion for no discernable reason whatsoever. No enemy missionaries, no religious pressure of other religions. ABSOLUTE. BULL****.

While I like the increased attention Religion has gotten, it has so many flaws that it's not a viable strategy for a player to use.

-There's no tutorial for returning Civ players. I don't want a full "how to play" session, I just want to know whats different from Civ V.
It took me an hour of reading the Civilopedia (the ingame instruction manual) to figure out what I know now, and I STILL don't get all the new stuff.

-You can't rename cities. I play a lot of multiplayer, and renaming cities in Civ V was a very big source of laughs amongst my friends and I. It IS a fairly minor complaint, but I HAVE done a little bit of looking into it, and everything I've found suggests that it would be VERY easy to add. Seriously Firaxis, WTH.

-They got rid of diplomatic victory. :(

Overall:
Civ VI is HORRIBLY flawed. The devs need to wake up and fix some of these glaring issues.

If you want it for singleplayer, wait for the issues to be fixed. If you NEED singleplayer Civ, go get/play Civ V. It's very similar, it's balanced, and it's fun.

If you want it for multiplayer (especially with friends), I would say get it. It's Civ, it's fun, and the biggest issues are much less present in multiplayer.
 

LanceFyre99
211 products in account
9
182 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
136.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2017
I want to love this game, I really do. BUT... Civ V is just so much better. It isn't the cartoony graphics, its the cartoony engine. The city-state functionality isn't great, as they are more fickle than ever for less obvious reasons, the condemnations are free flowing for idiotic reasons, and AI is not really that great.

Buy Civ VI if you want to complete your collection or get all the CIV chievos, but otherwise, you're better off with the Civ V plus DLCs and at a MUCH lower price.

4.5 / 10 as a game at any price seen so far (I paid ~$20 for game+DLC)
2/10 at $60 plus $29 for the DLCs
 

TheRealCelticBatman
6,178 products in account
6
87 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
382.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2018
Rise of the Civilization?

I am going to start with very unpopular, but true statement: Civilization VI with Rise and Fall DLC is the best entry of the whole series. It's engaging, beautifully designed and finally has some complex mechanics, which are truly shining in mid and late game. Being sentimental or not, Civilization VI is an important step in the right direction. And I’m pretty sure there is more to come.

This will be a quite long and detailed review. Still, I won't point everything, but only the most important things about this game.

AI

First of all, we are talking about Sid Meier's Civilization and let's make it clear: AI was never the strongest point of those games. Yes, in this one it had some serious problems at the release, but right now it's fine. Just fine. For example, playing on “King” difficulty, which is my favorite, is quite satisfying. AI is not declaring stupid wars and if so, it is not sending units to death. It's also properly upgrading older units. If not prepared, we can actually lose some cities. Why “King” difficulty? This is a 4X strategy game and on higher difficulties AI is simply cheating. It's not fun for me.

If you are complaining about AI in Civilization VI, then let me remind you, that in “glorious” IV different civilizations were losing to barbarians in turn 2. How stupid was that? And Civilization V? It had many flaws as well. Not mentioning the fact, that the “vanilla” version was very… empty.

Design and visuals

I wasn't very happy after seeing early gameplays. I didn't like this soft and anime style of the game, but I have appreciated it with time. Whole map, units, districts, cities, and finally wonders, are all very detailed and they do look great. What's more, we can turn on day and night cycle and it's actually really cool to see your empire during night. Optimization is also great, at least for me. There is no "end game lag" here.

Whole map has also been changed a bit with Rise and Fall DLC. For example, if we are in the dark age, everything is a little bit darker and in comparison, during golden or heroic ages, everything is full of joy and light. It's a little thing, but as we all know, being accurate about those little things is also the difference between being good or great in what you do. Civilization VI in terms of audio-visual performance has plenty of those “things”. Sometimes you just sit, watch and listen (at this point I highly recommend you to search for Zulus Atomic Theme, you will thank me later).

Leaders. They are fine and personally, they were never important for me. While looking at whole Civilization series, we see nations, not leaders. And yes, there are plenty of women as leaders in Civilization VI, but remember one thing: historically, they were great. Complaining about “excessive feminism” won't change anything and is simply stupid, but on the other side we are living in XXI century and people are complaining about everything now. Returning to the game itself, there are many civilizations to choose from and what's the most important, you can feel that they are unique in terms of actual gameplay.

Gameplay

Going through all the eras feels smooth. Like in previous Civilization games the music is also changing and we can feel that everything is more modern as the time pass. Of course it's not perfect at the moment. Mostly because there are certain techs that can be rushed or strongly focused at, so for example we can get late Renaissance units, while all our opponents are still stick with Middle Ages knights or even worse. To be honest, it was always a problem and it's really hard to find a perfect solution here. In the end the game is quite fair and sometimes we can be surprised that our enemies have such strong units or technology already. You need to make a use of your starting position, all resources, terrain and special abilities of your civilization. All those things make every experience unique and we can all agree that it's the best thing in Civilization games.

Scenarios. If you like them, you will be disappointed, because you can get most of them only by buying small DLC packs. They are quite original, just like in Civilization V, but there are not too many of them and you can finish most of them in around an hour. This aspect is the one, that in my opinion should receive a lot of attentions from devs right now. I love playing historically accurate scenarios, but well… I'm still waiting for them here. Of course there is Steam Workshop integration so you can download a lot of cool stuff, scenarios and new civilizations, but as we all know, it's not the same.

Interesting features and mechanics

Obviously I am not going to list everything here. Yet, there are some things that in comparison to other Civilization entries changed for good and there are also many new things, mostly introduced in Rise and Fall DLC, which are really nice. First of all, tech and civics trees are both designed in pretty different way, making you actually think about them during the game. What's more, you can boost most of them and you need to know how to do this, since they all have special triggers. Secondly, governments are back. Through the game you are unlocking plenty of policy cards, but you can use only some of them. Thanks to those, you can finally customize many things about your policy.

While building your city, you also need to remember that wonders and districts are being built on hex tiles, not within the city itself. This is important, because while you colonize you can't look only after the resources, but you need to think about districts and potential places on which you can build important wonders. A pleasant strategic element. I have seen that people are complaining about districts, but in my opinion they are really interesting. Thanks to them game itself has more depth and some districts, like military one, can be crucial in defending our empire, so you always need to think twice before choosing where to build them. Same with wonders. In Civilization VI you can't have all of them, like you could in previous one. You need to choose carefully which wonder will suit you best in your current playthrough.

Most interesting changes came with Rise and Fall DLC. Firstly, loyalty system which is nice for players who like to play passively. If your citizens are happy, you can apply pressure on nearby cities and actually annex them into your empire. You also need to think where to start your new cities, because otherwise it's easy to lose them during dark age in our empire. What's more? We have great ages, mentioned above, and governors. While playing the game we earn special points by doing some things, like discovering wonders, conquering barbarians, hiring great people etc. If we reach certain amount of them, our civilization will be in a golden age, which gives us some perks. If we won't do anything about this, we can end up in dark age, which may be actually quite dangerous for us. Governors are special persons placed in the cities. Their specialization bonuses are quite strong and setting them in the right city can be crucial for the game. On the other side you need to look which governors are used by your opponents. All those new things are very interesting and thanks to them mid and late game are both more interesting than they used to be.

Summary

If you are looking for the grand strategy, Civilization VI is not for you. But if you are into 4X strategies, that are not only very pleasant to play, but have many strategic elements and can be actually hard, then this is a “must have” for you. Grab it and enjoy your free time while playing. There is nothing better than a round of Civilization on free Sunday or after hard day at work. Personally, I have already played this game for more than 220 hours and I’m sure there are many more to come.

Highly recommended to all strategy lovers.

9/10
 

wcis
639 products in account
8
447 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
509.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2019
step backwards from civ 5. $70 in DLC to make a $60 game better then the version before it? thats a joke right?
 

Jeffrey Epstein
215 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful
64 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
244.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2021
*ATTENTION*
This is false advertising. This is not a strategy game, it's a time machine. I play 10 minutes and suddenly it's 3am.

Would still recommend, 10/10
 

aR2wo
19 products in account
0
375 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 29

Not Recommended
261.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2020
Alright. So, this is my first attempt at a review, and I'll open by flat out saying to NOT buy this game. Buy Civ 5, it will give you more fun for less frustration. I say this not only because of certain mechanics, but because of the inevitable paywall that you hit in Civ 6. Civ 6 is a game that has locked most of its content behind dlc, going so far to even lock things such as map layouts, and somehow has *less* base content than Civ 5 does. That alone should steer you away from a this title, since the animation are and graphics are about the only thing Civ 6 has going for it. Long story short, the price to get this game to a playable state is *ludicrous.*

On to the AI. It's bad. Civ 5's AI was literally better in most aspects. The AI is not playing against itself, *ever.* It is only playing against you, no matter the teams. The barbarians are merely the auxiliary forces to supplement them, being ignored for a hundred turns and marching to your lands from three or four countries away just to fight you. The City States will sit on tribal villages with a warrior for fifteen turns to prevent you from getting it. It is *insane* how bad the AI design for this game is. No matter your actions on the world stage, or even if you have a declared friendship with *everyone,* they WILL vote to ♥♥♥♥ you over 90% of the time, en mass. The AI for this game is just *awful* in every way possible, IMO.

Then there's the matter of some of the... Features, or lack there of in this game. Ho boy. There are NO console commands what so ever. You can't make ANY in game changes to your match. While this might make sense in the multiplayer arena, it doesn't in the single player aspect. This is *extremely* frustrating, especially if you're just trying to try something out, or do something specific. Alt+F4 is disabled in this game, and if it freezes while on fullscreen, you will have *no* way to turn it off unless you dual monitors. Hard reset, because they *want* you to push the quit button. Just so you can have a loss on your tally card that means nothing. Want to undo an action or a misclick? You have to load a save, and listen to the monologue that you CANNOT turn off while the game reloads the entire match, instead of just hitting undo. It feels like the devs on this game went really far out of their way at every turn to *force* you to play the game *exactly* how they want you to, and it is a major turnoff for me, in the very least.

Overall, all I can really say is, do NOT buy this game. If you're set on getting a Civ game, get 5, NOT 6.
 

Inumuro
189 products in account
0
116 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
138.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2021
FK YOU 2K LAUNCHER
WE DO NOT NEED THAT IDIOT LAUNCHER
 

Hamlin
62 products in account
4
131 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2019
The game is great, the 2K eula is not
 

Cowboy Bebop
743 products in account
0
129 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 22

Not Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2020
So I've played three games on online speed and I'll be honest, it feels like one step forward and two steps back. Now I'm judging the base game but this is in summary how I feel.

They took out the best part of civ 5, and replaced it with nothing. The best part being city states. Which is a weird argument. What made civ 5 good? The early game is peoples first instinct perhaps, maybe the one more turn, but I'd argue that civ 5 recognized a core flaw in 4x gaming, pacing. Most 4x games start out interesting, establish borders, and just sorta kill each other from there. There's usualy a twist in there somewhere but for civ 5 that twist played off of globalization.

In civ 5 you started off very focused on expansion and exploration. Only really concerned with the immediate area around you. Then it became your empire and your neighbors. Once you got money, and maybe needed some more resources, the local city states, perhaps a few wars. Then Rennisance happens, and you can make the world congress and find more trading partners. So you start exploring, and all of a sudden everyone is voting on bills. City states become more important, and you're competing for them mostly non violently. By the end of the game, every city state is a strategic location, and you no longer are just concerned with your immediate neighbors, but also in other forign empires now that you have the reach to go out and meet them.

In civ 6, they removed the congress, made city states all about giving you internal buffs, and also made it so you no longer had a reason to explore the world in the proccess. Civ 6 is like a bad good board game. It's all about looking at what you're doing and only worrying about what others do if it affects your internal planning. It's all about maximizing districts, not going "Oh, we should probably ally Ragusa because it has Uranium... And that other global rival can't have that." Or "I need to make sure I can't get embargoed!" It's now, "If I put this district here... I will get one more production for it"

As result, you never really care what's going on in the world, or who you're trading with. And it causes the whole game to kinda melt together. If you honestly asked me what's the difference between the early game, and the late game, I would hesitantly say nuclear bombs, and maybe airplanes. The truth is, civ 5 made you feel like history was changing as you played it, changing hte gameplay and how you interacted with the world. Civ 6 feels like a game of dominion, where I optimize my econemy and hope nobody interupts me. It doesn't feel like a journey through history, I can hardly feel a difference between mid and late game. And I think that's a big shame.

Edit On The Topic of DLC: A lot of reviews claim DLC fix this game by adding more features. But no DLC addresses pacing, my main gripe with Civ VI. Steam reviewers point to Gathering Storm and say "This adds back world congress, interaction, weather and new mechanics!" but I've watched dozens of multiplayer playthroughs from the yogscast civilization series with Gathering Storm, and they use these mechanics to give more to do, not change the pacing. Diplo favor and a world congress may be back, and it may be based off of city state allies & emergencies, but city states only passively increase your diplo point gain, and you can only passively (Again!) affect your ability to ally with more city states via culture production, & new forms of government, all of which you solve internally. The new emergencies do give diplo points, but you solve the ones that aren't about religion and war (Two mechanics that were already in the game and were your only means of interacting beyond your boarders) is by building projects internaly in cities and getting points towards an imaginary timer that gives a heap of diplo points when the timer runs out. End result is you're just staring at your own cities all day still, and the way you play never changes. You just have more to do.

Civ V's pacing with all DLC's is just better than Civ VI's pacing. And why would you want a strategy game that is paced worst, but shares over half of it's mechanics with it's last incarnation?
 

Bird
266 products in account
13
97 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3,413.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2016
Civilization VI is an interesting game, it released with more content than Civ V did, it has new mechanics that allow more customization to your empire, and it still keeps that same feeling of "one more turn." I was frustrated by Civ Beyond Earth, from technical bugs to issues with progression, maybe because it was foreign to me I just couldn't get into it in the way I expected. I still had some of that anxiety going into Civ 6, maybe it wouldn't be the game I wanted it to be, that it would be a step backwards from Civ V which is one of my favorite games of all time.


I think Civ 6 has the bones to be the best Civ yet, every aspect has some new level of depth or thought put into it, from great people having unique bonuses, to limiting the typical wonder spamming cities by requiring tile placement of wonders, to city state bonuses being more unique and having that race for Suzerain. I love when you find a great spot for a district with huge adjacency bonuses, setting up a great holy site or harbor really feels better than just adding a building to a production queue.


That said, there is still a lot of frustration for me as a classic Civ gamer, barbarian encampments that spawn high damage horsemen or ranged ships within the first 20 turns, movement penalties being changed from Civ V, some unit autocycling problems, and even AI bugs like not upgrading or spamming too much of one type of unit. I think most of those faults are overlooked by the core of the game being much deeper. Along this line, the first fall patch to Civ 6 addressed many issues, and has me excited for future updates to improve quality of life for the game.


Also, as a new father, Civ 6 is one of the few games I can play while holding my baby. I often play with the steam controller so that I can set up all the mouse actions to be controlled by one hand while I cradle the baby in my other arm.


If I had to recommend one Civ game to a newcomer, I’d say you can’t beat Civ 5 with all the DLC, it has everything I love about civ and isn’t working through any bugs or UI issues, but if you have played Civ before, Civ 6 is a great addition to the series and I can’t wait to see what more they bring to the table.

*** It has been 4 years since this review and I'd say that I love this game more now than I did when I wrote it. The expansion passes have made the game more rich and deep, I can't even imagine playing without governors and climate change anymore. My biggest gripe is still load times.
 

Rumbeef
1,476 products in account
3
115 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 7
So many crashes lately...
 

Arjantis
647 products in account
0
232 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2019
Loved the series since civ 2 and this is the worst experience I've had playing a strategy game.
The AI has always "cheated" in these games with unfair free stuff because making a competent AI is too much like hard work but this is the ultimate in phoning it in by the devs. Rather than make the AI even remotely act like it has a plan they just give it more free stuff.
The AI somehow can at the same time, produce units, build wonders, build infrastructure and expand its cities because it doesnt have to choose between those focuses like you do. The result is they get a massive kick-start to growth which you inevitably catch up on mid-late game because the AI doesnt plan its city tiles layout efficiently, have any strategy in war (except 1 by 1 throw units at you rather than en mass)
I never felt actually challenged by it because even when they were ahead, the worst they could do is pillage improvements (which take excessively long to repair) and not a chance of taking one of my cities.
Once you take the lead..... you are free and clear and they will never catch up. All wonders are yours after this point and its just a case of playing it out to the easy win.
 

=)
148 products in account
19
94 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
163.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2018
I can honestly say that I've given this game a real chance. I just can't recomend this game in its current state. The only improvements the developers really made from the last game (Civ V) are the districts and how wonders work/are placed, whereas every other annoying thing was left unchanged.

The diplomacy between other civs is awful (take my deal or I hate you, have the same government or I hate you, taking back a city of yours that a Civ conqured = MAJOR warmongering penalty, etc etc), barbarians still leave other civs alone to focus manily on human players, the computer Civs will still beat you to building a wonder even if you're down to one turn 30% of the time, the computer Civs will still bypass great available land to plunk a city down right next to you in a so-so spot, the game still auto-bounces you back and forth across the map when you have a large army, the culture/tourism vicotry condition is overly complicated with no real explanation on how it works found in the game, the way builders are implimented and the fact that you can't build your own roads (it's done automaticly through merchent trade routes) unitl you get pretty far down the tech tree is a horrendous mechanic, the technology tree is much shorter (even on king+ difficulties I can get a science victory by the early 1900s), the way trade routes work now makes money completely irrelevant (by 1/3 through any playthrough on any difficulty I'm making so much money I never need to worry about it), half of the Civs have RNG style perks (i.e. Bonus for jungle tiles, bonus for costal, bonus for pastures, etc.) and if you don't start by your Civs inparticular bonus you're screwed, most of the Civs bonuses are basically useless and don't help you reach one of the victory conditions, the Civs art style makes the game look like it was designed for 10 year-olds, and I'm sure a couple more things I can't think of atm.

All in all, DO NOT buy this game at full price. In fact, I wouldn't buy this for more than 75% off. If you've read this and you're still interested I would wait until the two or three expansions (that you know are coming) and the dozen or so dlc packs are released and buy them all together in a large package for a sizable discount.

*edited for spelling*
 

Killeack
556 products in account
8
147 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2018
Product received for free

If you're anything like me then you were scared off by the onslaught of negative reviews for this game during release, and a purchase you were almost certain you'd make turned into "eh, I guess if it goes on sale..."

Well now that I snagged a copy for the cheap price of nothing (thanks, JohnnySox!) I found out that despite my low hopes Civ VI is actually... not completely horrible? In fact, it's almost... okay? Don't get me wrong, I can definitely understand the mixed reaction and the game has more than its share of flaws, but it IS possible to get some enjoyment out of it.

FIrst, let's start with the things Civ VI did well:

-Religion finally has a point now! With the sorely needed Religious Victory (which really should have been in Civ V from the beginning) you actually have a real motive for focusing on Faith other than bonuses that don't mean that much after a while. Now when other apostles swipe one of my converted cities from under my nose I feel challenged rather than simply annoyed.

-The new policy system is great! Not only is there an equivalent of a tech tree, but the way you are so often given the chance to switch policies allows you more freedom to decide your course as your plans evolve.

-The fact that certain actions give you "exp" towards relevant technologies and policies is honestly really satisfying, and again helps you shape the kind of gamestyle you want.

-I found the battles to be a little bit more fun in this, especially the way generals are used. Now instead of manually moving them step by agonising step you can shackle them to another unit AND improve their moving range. Plus Encampements make for nice extra defensive forts, and the new upgrade system feels more useful than before.

But before this review gets too positive, let's go through the bad stuff:

-Even if you haven't played this yet you might have heard of the notorious Districts system, where instead of building things willy-nilly whenever you want, you have to first build specialised centres on city tiles that work as hubs for each group (Science, Culture etc). And even then you're discouraged from being greedy and building all the districts in one city, since the more disctricts you have the more population you need for the next one, and the bigger your city is the more turns you have to wait for that to increase, to the point where it's just not worth it.

On the one hand, this encourages you to make distinct cities that aren't carbon copies of each other, and to decide early on where you want to focus on and sticking to that plan. On the other hand this makes it very frustrating and difficult to change course when reacting to unexpected developments or when you simply change your mind. Having a Grand Plan is nice and all, but not when it comes at the expense of improvising on the fly in my opinion. And honestly I think this brute focus on one or two specialisations leads to less interesting strategies, where you're just spamming the same few things over and over again. Plus it weirdly contradicts the previous mechanics I mentioned that allow you to change your strategy as you go.

-I know at this point saying "the AI is bad" is beating a dead horse but, yeah, it's pretty bad. To be fair they did try to add some complexity to it, with a friendliness meter that shows specifically the actions that add and subtract from the score, and I liked the way your delegates would feed you information on what everyone else was up to. But now, leaders don't just randomy denounce you for having a small military/puny empire (hi there, Wu Zetian) but also for... having a different government than them. And it's not just your neighbour declaring war because you're getting too close to their borders, but also that random person on a different continent that apparently hates you because your low productivity just makes them so mad, damnit!

This whole thing feels like you're sitting in one corner minding your own business, and everyone else is continually butting in to say how every single decision you've ever made offends them to their very core and that clearly the only sensible course of action is a senseless war that wastes everyones time. At one point in one of my games I was at war with three different leaders who were all so far away I didn't see a single military unit from them! And even after making peace our relationship was so low I couldn't even send an embassy or trade for open borders, and all that through no fault of my own! So even after the mid-point of the game where they can't declare war because of the warmonger penalty, their earlier bonkers attitude still affects the play.

Finally I'm going to mention some changes that while not objectively bad, I personally found annoying or pointless:

-Workers disappear after 3 uses. I understand this is to discourage you from making too many tile improvements since you need to keep them free for the districts, but it's still a weird gameplay decision that feels like a waste of turns. Sometimes I had to interrupt my production just to make workers to repair one tile that was pillaged, or to go to a single luxury source that recently ended up in my city limits. Why couldn't they instead just limit the number of worker units you can have to one or two, so you can have them available at all times and just use them sparingly when the need arose?

-As a collorary to the simplified workers, you can't build roads anymore. Trader units automatically making roads is admittedly very useful when connecting foreign and far away cities, but it's super annoying when it comes to connecting my own damn cities. I shouldn't have to waste multipe trader units to make the cities in my empire combine their resources! Plus sometimes roads were meant to help military units move faster and you don't even have the freedom to do that where you want anymore.

-I found the UI to be pretty bad, especially the city management one. In Civ V you could easily understand what you needed to know in a few glances, but this game just tosses a bunch of hard to read columns at you and calls it a day. It's both unintuitive and harder to process.

-Speaking of the presentation, I think the new visuals are a misstep. I actually do like the cartoony style and the game does look pretty and colourful, but the problem is, it's TOO colourful. Being bombarded by bright colours and icons everywhere got really tiring after a while, and this is a game you're supposed to invest in multiple hours at a time.

-Okay this is going to be the pettiest complaint ever so don't take it too seriously, but the new narrator is lame as hell! Who thought this boring sounding voice was a good idea? The guy in Civ V was so amazing, he had such a gravitas that it just pulled your attention no matter what he was saying, and the way he introduced leaders was incredibly epic! I remember I would always let him finish his lines even though I'd heard them a million times before cause they were just that fun to hear. With Civ VI guy I interrupt him before I even finish reading the line, that's how much he annoyed me.

Well, for a review with a thumbs up this turned out pretty negative. So why am I recommending this game? Basically because it still gives you the overall experience of a civ game, and civ games always manage to be fun and addictive no matter the incarnation. And if you're a newcomer to the series, this is as good a starting point as any.

It's just that if you already have Civ V or the previous games, you don't really NEED to play this. For all its ambitions, Civ VI hasn't improved on the formula in any concrete way, and in some ways it has even regressed. Combine this with the high asking price, and people's disillusionment makes perfect sense. So in the end I'd say this game is worth experiencing, but only on sale. And while you wait, playing Civ V will keep you perfectly entertained.
 

mafalda_157
520 products in account
22
85 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
115.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 27
What the ♥♥♥♥ would compel 2K to add a launcher of their own that just adds more complexity and crashes and force everyone to use it? Oh, it has it's own store, so money. That doesn't make up for the fact that I now have to download updates through steam AND the launcher.

***EDIT*** This game is listed as being playable on the Steam Deck. I tried to play it. It crashes on trying to load the aforementioned launcher.
 

Napalm Sticks 2 Kids
1,199 products in account
0
79 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
317.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2019
Not only is this the weakest entry for the series but Fraxis also decided to give the middle finger to those of us who bought the base game by releasing a gold edition with all of the DLC at the time (including rise and fall) and giving those of us who bought the game day one no way to upgrade to the gold edition! nice to see how well they treat a loyal fan base
 

Monkey gone Ape
290 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
79.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2018
As a completely new and clueless player to the Sid Meier's Civilization franchise, it took me a lot of hours of gameplay, tutorials and walkthroughs to finally learn how to properly play the game. Even at my current playtime, which is 30+ hours, I'm 100% sure that I have not explored even 1/4 of the game.

Civ6 is also educational for someone like me, who doesn't know much about history. You get to learn about past civilizations and a hero that lead them to the peak of their time. You also get a description of every wonder that you build and every time you proceed on the science and culture progress, you get a quote regarding the matter that you researched which I think is also a very nice touch.

I must also add that it is awesome having the ability to interact with the other leaders playing on the same session, declaring friendships, asking for alliances, doing trades, making them mad or happy with your actions etc.

I can't compare Civ6 to any of the previous games because as I stated before I haven't played them. As someone who got introduced to Civ on this date and this version, I can't say I'm dissapointed that I gave this a try.
 

Crylix
258 products in account
8
78 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2018
If you have beaten Civ V 100 times and at higher difficulty levels and just needed a fix and something different? Ya. this works. It's a generally good game. Have to say though... Civ V is still better in almost every possible way. Civ V is even just as appealing graphically. But honestly this game cannot muster the foreboding you can feel in Civ V. The AI in Civ V just feels alive and as though it is genuinely plotting to beat you. I just don't get that feeling in Civ VI. Also, Civ V has WAY better quotes for the artworks and achievements and the narrator is much better in Civ V than in this game (and I love Sean Bean so I don't say that easily). Fun game though. Worth a play through. Pretty to look at. But Civ V is the last name in Civilization IMO.
 

Frontstabber
148 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2017
This game was amazing to explore at first; tinkering with the new mechanics, unit models and animations. This was by far superb to its predecessor in its aesthetics. But that's where it stops in my opinion. The AI is abysmal at this point, knowing next to nothing about fighting a good war. They simply just suck at violence. Which leaves diplomacy, also pretty horrendously implemented. Alliances become fixed throughout the game and don't change dynamically at best, otherwise its just a deranged bloodbath with no end-goals.

As for someone who got the deluxe edition, I'm still holding my breath but I feel like I got ripped off with this Viking DLC nonsense. The new wonders are a copy-paste job the way I see it, and I think most people don't care about the scenarios. I'm still waiting for the remaining two DLCs that I have been promised, but they better have some good and bulky content.
 

regalmanemperor
20 products in account
1
170 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
414.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2017
I'm not one for leaving reviews, but I feel this game deserves some praise. While the game isn't perfect, I feel the amount of negativity surrounding other reviews isn't a fair assessment of the game. There are some loyal, passionate and long-time customers of the franchise. Civ V being regarded as such a fantastic and well balanced game, shouldn't cause negative reviews for the newest installment in the series.

I think the developers made some fantastic changes to the game, while sticking to it's roots. Districts are an interesting addition to the game and I like the way Builders are used in this installment. The Technology Tree and it's Eureka moments add another layer of strategy not found in it's predecessor. Some of the Government Policy cards could use some balancing, as I often tend to use the same over and over. However, as I've played with other civs and altered my playstyle, I find myself using cards that I hadn't in the past.

Sure, the AI behaves a bit odd and is something that can be easily beaten as you settle-in to the new mechanics. They also have some strange behaviors. These are not game-breaking issues and something that I'm confident that will continue to be balanced in future patches. I honestly think these minor annoyances are the reason for the negative reviews. Just because something isn't perfect, doesn't make it bad. Patches have already been introduced to adjust AI behavior while in the meantime, Steam Workshop mods have been opened up (one of which is an AI improvement mod).

At the end of the day, the game still gives me that "one more turn" feeling. I'll make a mental note that I want to wrap things up, and 2 hours later I'm still playing. If that isn't the qualifier for a solid game, I don't know what is.
 

Pro Moves
89 products in account
3
278 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
71.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2017
I am not too sure how i feel about Civ VI. I've played this game since I could remember (well, the series) and I absolutely loved it.

I remember everytime i played every civ game i would literally play an entire game and spend HOURS at one sitting. I also remember how I wished they made some changes because it was like we were just playing a different skin of the same game.

Then CIV 6 came out. I was so excited. I heard the game play was totally different.

This is the only CIV game I have never finished one game. True, i've only played 17 hours or so right now, but for me, 17 hours was 17 hours on ONE game for the other CIV games.

This game is in dire need of fixing.

Case in point, Diplomacy.

A nation will be your best friend on one turn and then declare war on you the next turn. At first I thought this was clever espionage, but nope. I wined and dined nations, gave them diamonds, i mean showered them with things that would make the other CIV games your best friend forever, Not in this game. Diplomacy is an utterable sh*tstorm. I cannot count how many times my declared friends sneaked attacked me...and i even tried it on all difficulties and even all different levels of army strengths and government alignments. Nothing helped. Diplomacy is truly broken. I didn't buy this game in late 2016 just because of this issue when i saw all the thumbs down. However, i figured they would have patched this by now.

Housing.

Dear god is this irritating. They scream for housing, your city stalls and yet no matter the districts, policy improvements, it's never enough. You think you've got a handle on things and 20 turns later your city is screaming at you for more housing. You can't add more districts because there is a population threshold and you can't reach that population threshold because you cannot add more districts.

I do love the challenges on the other things like you simply cannot fill your city with wonders anymore...that's realistic. The graphics are nice.

But yeah, this game was a complete let down for me.
 

Annah
97 products in account
7
421 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
119.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2020
If it were to stand alone, this game would be an acceptable strategy game, however it has many years of predecessors to stand up to.
It has many flaws in the way the game mechanics work, but as with previous editions, I don't doubt that this will only be fixed with paid-for expansions.
The pricing model for buying new races is, frankly, outrageous. The price to buy a single new race or leader to play with is ridiculously high, given the amount of content it provides, and some of them are notably more powerful than base races, so you're essentially introducing a pay-to-win element into what has been one of the most prominent strategy games of all time.

Do not buy this for a good strategy game.
Do not support this kind of behaviour.
 

Lord Roscoford
333 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
150.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 20
Man got his domination victory stolen by a religion called "Furry Porn"

Defo pick this game up
 

Skittys
421 products in account
0
411 people found this review helpful
49 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
15.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2017
The game is region locked. I moved from Brasil to Canada and I no longer can play the game I purchased.
 

MaritimeGamer
18 products in account
19
48 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
70.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2021
Great relaxing game with alot of depth. I recommend getting the expansions.

Warning: Make sure you have time when you start this game. Very addicting!
 

p0RtaL.
293 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3,347.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2020
1600 hours played and still counting. I've grown up with this game since CIV 1. Enough said this is my favourite game.
 

NancieThomas
20 products in account
0
101 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 5, 2020
I just cannot recommend a game that releases a huge bunch of paid DLCs that are supposed to be in the original game.
 

Avocado
69 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
406.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2020
If you liked other Civilization games, there is a good (not great) chance that you will like this. I would have to say it's nearly the same experience as of playing Civ 5 or 4, the biggest difference is how they reworked some of the machanics such as road building and diplomacy. Over all, i have enjoyed the 300+ hours i've spent playing this, and if you find yourself enjoying your first 100 hours, then definitally buy the expansions.
 

Viire
50 products in account
0
231 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 26
I love 4X, I played Civ 3 when I was a kid (and I've played Stellaris and the Endless franchise and a few others too), the gameplay of this game is pretty awesome... But there are just SO MANY little things that make this very user unfriendly and can lead it to being just a complete tihs-show.

First off: the tutorial is so bad it's just a complete waste of time. This game is very complex, and the tutorial amounts to teaching someone how to stand up and then expecting them to run a triathalon. I'm all for turning to the community (YouTube videos, guides, friends, etc.) to get better at a game... but you shouldn't need to start there just to learn HOW TO PLAY IN THE FIRST PLACE.
(Side Note: bad and incomplete tutorials are a pet peeve of mine across all games as it just shows the lack of awareness and/or care that the studio or dev team have; that they're unknowingly using, or just willing to use, their existing community as a crutch to accommodate their laziness (like Bethesda relying on the modding community to FIX the bugs in their games))

The UI is miniscule and a jumbled mess. It throws almost everything at you all at once, in size 8 font. These letters that you're reading now in a Steam review are bigger than the key information displayed in the UI like Science production or the turn count. You're left to squint at the edges of the screen to figure out where or IF what you need to know is displayed. If I hadn't got my eyes checked just before the new year I'd think I might need new glasses.

The lack of clarity is absurd. Even aside from the really complex systems of diplomacy and religion being so convoluted; just the basic needs of your own kingdom beyond food is left almost completely up to guesswork. What are amenities and how to you get/use them? What's loyalty and how to you measure it? What's happiness and how to you gauge it? Why aren't I allowed to build districts anymore? The information is there, but it doesn't really help once you find it and it's such a tedious pain in the ass to get to it in the first place.

The bloody fullscreen messages and notifications. Shut the F up Teddy/Genghis/Montezuma, I don't know if I can accept or deny your trade request or plea for peace or terms of surrender right now because need to have a look at my economy or military or just the MAP and what I'm going to need or be able to do in the next turn or two. There's no way to minimize or "tab out" of those stupid messages to check to see if it's a good or bad decision for you, you have to decide a potentially game-defining moment... on an impulse.

Some Civ "Unique units" that replace units from the standard military tree cannot be upgraded. This makes units that should be a maintsay of a civ into a wasted investment. For example; the Gaul unique unit that replaces the Warrior (the very first basic military unit of the game that you start with) cannot be upgraded along the Warrior tech-line into a Swordsman (the second melee unit). That means that, while it can dominate the early game, it dead-ends by the next era and you're left with a worthless army and have to start from scratch in a stage of the game where you can't usually afford to. This makes no sense and when you encounter this dead-end that you don't have any choice but to run into for some Civs, it really sours the feel and flow game.

There are honestly better 4X's out there these days, some of which are just the older Civilization games. In a competitive game there are just so many little things that add unnecessary frustration that mounts stress instead of fun in a situation that should be intense but still enjoyable.
 

Joerick
108 products in account
11
211 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
167.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
First off: I hope that I can change this review later on, they hopefully will patch many of the problems the game currently has. And yes, there are gamebreaking bugs right now.


1. You want a military victory? Fine, take it. There will be no real defence from the AI. Why not? Well, even worse than in Civ5, they just stumble around with their units, have no plan what to do. If you have one Archer and one Warrior out in the field (not even near a city), you can beat up to 5 or 6 enemy troops easy. Why? Well, their archers often donÄt even attack you, but just stand there, while their warriors attack your one warrior like suicide-squads... it is funny to see, but in the end you win every war because the AI just doesn't use what they have.


2. You want to talk with the AI? Forget it.

2.1. Yes, they all have agendas... but that is more slapstick. Queen Victoria loves rich people because she loves money (okay...?), so in turn 288 she tells me that she loves my good income. Well, then she suffers a stroke, and while I still have the same income, in turn 289 she tells me that I am a poor bastard. Interesting!

2.2. Roosevelt loves his Taoism. I am Catholic, he is my Ally. I see his 2 Apostles and 1 Missionary, and ask him to NOT use them o my cities. He says "Yes" and uses them in the same turn against my cities. I get informed that he broke his promise... and that is it. I ask him again, he says "Yes" again, breaks it next round again. There is no consequence. The AI will always say "Yes" to everything - No spies? Yes, of couse, but let me send you this spy. No religion? Yeah, just ignore my 4 other missionaries going to you right now.
In the end, there is no dimplomcy, there are no promises, it is just a "feature" without any meaning or consequence whatsoever.

2.3. So yeah, the AI is not able to win any battle, and not able to remember what they promised you 30 seconds ago, but when it comes to trading, WOW, they are hardcore. One for one? Hell no! The AI will only accept trades that are very one-sided, and maybe because of that they will not really trade with each other. When you meet a new Civ after round 300, they will suddenly make you big offers to trade goods... they could do that with all the other Civs, too, but since they all want 1 for 2, nobody trades in the end. Bravo!


3. The "Politics" in the game are pretty meaningless. They simply are. The boosts may be great for pro-players in tournaments, but for a casual player they are just a big part of the game with little to no consequence for the gameplay.


4. The Civilizations are not balanced at all. If you start 5 games, you will always see the same Civilisations weak (England, hello! Germany, hello!), always the same civilizations strong (hi Mister Roosevelt, hi Tomyris!). This point is not yet a problem for me, because I don't played enough to see if it is really always the case or just a coincident. But I suspect major balancing-issues.


So in the end, the game needs work. Most of the work is needed for the AI. Diplomacy is dead right now, promises are meaningless, when fighting, the big and mighty leaders are just toddlers without a clue. I hope this will get fixed soon, because after just a short ammount of in-game-time, it gets old and the bigs are too much too bear.


PS: Sorry for mistakes, english is not my naitive language.
 

DancingDinoRabbit
231 products in account
14
54 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
848.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2016
My English is not very good, if there is a wrong statement, please forgive me. I am from the Chinese game player, I'm from Civilization 2 started the game, I love this game, but in the China basic play is pirated, because you won't find genuine games, there is no Chinese version, only piracy only, Civilization V also is my favorite. I'm really sorry. This time to play the Chinese version of VI Civilization, really very grateful to 2K and steam, the game experience is very good. I will definitely support steam in the future, but also hope that some of the Chinese version of the game, once again thank you.………………
Officially announced as a member of the steam it WOW
 

衰神
44 products in account
0
439 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
56.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2020
Honestly, believe the negative press about Civ 6. I finally picked it up three years in and two expansions after release, and it's just... not a very good game. I had excitement and joy when I finally picked the game up and started playing, but things start to fall apart faster and faster as a game develops.

There are buggy elements - the game has issues with unit pathing and ranged combat orders, for example, and while this is rather concerning for a game that has been out for three years, the problems with Civ 6 are much more fundamental than this.

Balance is entirely off. Most critically, a civ that starts to snowball will get totally out of control - and can be on future tech while AI are still fielding knights and archers. Science and culture both also seem to outstrip production, even when production is being focused. Even playing on marathon, I often found units to be out of date only a couple of turns after being built. I believe this is at least partially due to the Eureka/Inspiration system for techs and civics. In theory it is a way to get nations who work on a particular thing to be better at that thing, but it instead becomes a puzzle (and not a difficult one) for the player to choose civics, techs, and production in the right order to achieve 90% of the boosts and nearly double their tech and civic rates. The AI is likely incapable of this reasoning, which contributes to it falling spectacularly far behind as the game progresses.

Speaking of AI, it certainly feels like the worst in a long time. Despite having bonuses to all resources even on default difficulty it is totally incapable of keeping up, and waste resources to desperately cram in new cities so much that they will settle entirely resourceless snow lands with multiple cities 3 tiles apart. City-states fare even worse, being unable to stand on their own beyond the very earliest age of the game. The balance shift away from playing tall has hit them especially hard, and they are unable to even own the space around their home tiles by the modern era. This on its own would not be so terrible, but politically you are unable to protect them, while even your own allies may declare war on city-states that you are suzerain of. While they can sometimes be re-conquered, if one of your allied city-states liberates the city, they immediately raze it out of existence. Similar issues happen with the "free cities" which revolt from their factions. If you refuse to allow them into your civ, their city center will bug out and steal/culture bomb tiles around it when the game switches its affiliations. Even if you accept the city, it will still steal the nearest tiles from your other cities (they become unswitchable). Expect this to happen, as the AI loves to suicide cities directly on your border, which immediately start flipping to your culture.

Your AI allies will do plenty of other annoying and nonsensical things aside, such as refusing any attempt to re-affirm a declaration of friendship, although they will always renew it themselves the next turn - along with any alliance. They will also complain about your military being near their borders - when you are fighting on the same side in a war, or shamelessly try to sabotage you with spies despite being perfectly aligned allies.

The failure of Civ 6 is difficult to understand, but it seems to come more from general bug and balance testing and QC issues than any real misunderstanding of the game's main draws. When coupled with the new mechanics being a bit underwhelming (districts are probably the best, and I'm still not sure I'd recommend keeping them in a sequel), overall it winds up being a thoroughly disappointing experience.
 

Strait Raider
612 products in account
2
306 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
47.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
The recent update which "improves" the launcher actually pushes web-based advertisements into the launcher.

Bad move on 2K's part.

I'll be uninstalling and carefully reconsidering any future purchases.
 

icrenegade
77 products in account
0
145 people found this review helpful
399 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
274.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2020
i put 48 hours into the game in my first 3 days of quarantine. Thanks to Civ 6, i didnt get Covid-19
 

Dawg nutz
103 products in account
0
858 people found this review helpful
185 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
98.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2019
Buy Civ 5
 

JackAttackJRMV
514 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
5,086.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2020
The epic scale and planning complexity makes for a challenging but enjoyable game.
 

Scrynne
125 products in account
0
180 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2018
12$ on Humble Bundle with two DLC packs, definitely worth it if you are into this style of sim game
 

CatDuckTopus
712 products in account
5
80 people found this review helpful
119 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
29.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2020
England: "Declares war *
Me: "Capturing the city of England"
THE WHOLE WORLD: "Forgets that England declared war"
THE UNIVERSE: Considers me a militarist
 

stranger things
104 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
216.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 3
The game will make you lose track of time.
It will slowly trap you into "Just One More Turn"

The amount of little battles and wars, constructions and border expansions that you have going on, will keep you playing the game.
You can't just leave your military units in production, you'll forget why you got them in the first place... so you keep going until they've finished their job. You can't just leave a Wonder half constructed, someone might beat you to it, so you keep going until you get a beautiful cutscene of it being completed.

Overall a very enjoyable game.
 

Amarok
308 products in account
0
245 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
534.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2018
The Devs spent so much time on new gameplay features that they forgot the one core thing about gaming... it's supposed to be fun. TLDR: The warmonger penalties alone for defending yourself against attacks are enough to make you quit.

BADS: The AI is terrible. But the "warmonger" penalties are absolutely, positively the worst thing I have ever seen in a Civ game to break it. I get attacked by 2 AIs, I fight tooth and nail and finally get the advantage- my citites are all but burning down from war weariness and I push on and take both civs out that surprise war'd me together... and... guess what, the ridiculously broken warmonger penalties last the rest of the game and no AI will ever talk or trade with me again (for DEFENDING myself!). SO I go on to lose because they sign dozens of research agreements, and trade amongst themselves but I am a terribel war monger. Ridiculous. Absolutely terrible and game-breaking.

MORE BADS: The game is not "paced" right. Even on Epic you move forward too quickly. I'm not talking about drawing it out forever, but you advance faster than you can meaningfully build units. By the time you build a unit you just researched- the upgrade is out (literally). It's just paced wrong.

GOODS: Not much. There are some cool and innovative features like districts and how the culture tree is similar to the tech tree... but these small shining lights are put out by the HUGE flaws mentioned above. So utterly sad.

I paid $29 for the game on special and that was $28 too much for this trash. Svae your money and hope they take these overall terrible ratings to the dev team for Civ 7.
 

swordspider
41 products in account
13
155 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2019
You guys, that write bad rating on this game due to its EULA policy are idiots and cannot take care of additional research.

Originally posted by EULA Civilization VI:
The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use. Prize winners may be required to provide additional information for prize fulfillment.

Most people saw this and uninstalled but after reading the context I found that they have two categories for data: Personal information and Gaming Information.
The Information that people keep mentioning ( The text in bold) will only be collected when doing things like applying for a job or winning a contest. And will not be shared unless required by law, most information they do share is only Gaming information like Your username.

Originally posted by EULA Civilization VI:
When you use products or services on internet-capable hardware, the Company may receive information regarding your gameplay without any additional notice to you or actions taken by you. The Company will not receive personal information such as your name and address, but may receive other information such as a console ID, gaming service ID, game achievements, game scores and performance, IP address, MAC address, or other device ID, other console/device use information, or other information and statistics regarding your usage of the games.

The game is amazing. 10/10
 

Showtek
39 products in account
5
80 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
237.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2018
I've been playing Civilization since the first one came out in the early 90's. Each and every one of them had their pros and cons. But the one thing that Civilization has always maintained is that 'one more turn' mentality. I've put hundreds of hours into each one. I've read that a lot of people trash this one due to its 'cartoonish' graphics and lack of 'realism' Civ V brought. Most people forgot that Civ V was a broken mess when it first came out too. It took two expansions for the game to finally feel complete and become the series standard.

Civ VI certainly has had some growing pains. The Rise and Fall expansion did a lot to fix some issues, and yeah the AI especially in the diplomacy area still needs some work. But is the game playable? Absolutely. I typically don't play online so I can't honestly judge how this game holds up in the multiplayer arena, but after putting nearly 200 hours into the single player campaign I can tell you I still enjoy that classic Civ gameplay. And the city planning system Civ VI brings to the table is a great addition. It allows for the specialization of cities, some being industrial, some being scientific, some being religious, and some being financial. It makes sense, and the adjacency bonuses make sense too (aka building an industrial zone next to a harbor for more production etc)

The one area where I have to give super high marks for this game is the soundtrack. As a music fan I think what they did here with the music is clever. Every civ has a theme, and as you progress thru the eras that theme gets built upon until in the information era you are blessed with completely evolved theme song for your civ. My personal favorites are the themes for Greece, America, Scotland, Japan, and England. The soundtrack is phenomenal.

Is it as good as Civ V? I think they both have their merits. But VI is still a very entertaining game to play. And I wouldn't be surprised to see another expansion come out soon that will address other concerns, such as the AI diplomacy. Just one more turn...
 

Kashiran
356 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
112.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 8
Very addictive, especially if you like board games, geography, history, and/or strategy-type stuff. Turn based.
 

THRILLHO
15 products in account
0
140 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
293.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
Game is now on par with Civ 5, or better with DLC
 

bongo
187 products in account
7
68 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
94.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2017
I've been a devout fan of the Civilization series ever since I was introduced to Civilization 2 a couple of decades ago. While I obviously liked some aspects of each game more than others, the bottom line was always the same - I really loved all the main installments of the series ever since, and the spinoffs (Colonizations & Beyond Earth) a bit less, although my opinions of them were generally on the positive side as well.

Not surprisingly, after playing over 60 hours, I feel pretty much the same way about Civilization 6. Sure, it has some problems. The AI, for one... ...well, I agree, it sucks. Also, beyond the tedious amount of time the game takes to load, even on decent machines (i7 Quad-Core, 16GB RAM and Geforce GTX465 here), it also tends to lag and stutter from time to time (after changing governments, for example). In some cases, the game wouldn't close on its own, forcing me to restart my system just to get rid of it.

The thing is, despite all those problems, I'm still having way too much fun with this game to dismiss it and put it aside. Even with the crappy AI, the lags and the stutters, the game is fun to play. Just like the previous games in the series, Civilization 6 offers the same gameplay mechanics we're used to, with a new, interesting twist, to make the mix familiar and intuitive on one hand, but refreshing and interesting on the other.

One of my favorite additions is the 'Eureka' / 'Inspiration' boosts to scientific and cultural advancements. All sorts of things can stir you in the right direction for finding something out. Founding a city on the coast, for example, gives you a boost for researching 'Sailing'. Killing enough barbarians and clearing one of their outposts gives you boosts for a couple of military related advancements, and so on. This adds another layer to the way you might want to play, as the more such boosts you get, the faster you advance in general, but since you obviously can't get all of them, you might choose to focus on a specific direction, or to change the order of the topics you research accordingly.

Another interesting new concept is the districts within the cities. If in previous civilization games you just spammed buildings all over, now you have to plan ahead. Each district allows building certain types of buildings. A "Holy Site", for example, lets you build religious buildings, an "Encampment" lets you build military buildings and so on. While each city can have more than one district, the space is limited, so you have to choose - not only between districts, but also between districts and tile improvements, as each tile can support either an improvement or a district (or a world wonder, btw). Just like the science/culture boosts, this makes you think and plan carefully.

My bottom line is this - if you liked the previous Civilization games, I bet you'd like this one as well.
 

Paikia
702 products in account
4
562 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 28

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2020
DLC cost too much after 4 years. The game is only fun with $110 of dlc. Thats $170 total. After 4 years thats disgusting.
 

duckman
171 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
112 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
3,824.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2021
It's good for a game or two i suppose.
 

john.jarbuddy
131 products in account
0
351 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
87.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 23, 2017
The ai constantly denouncing you and declaring war on you for just being alive and playing the game absolutly ruins the game.
 

Big Beans 18
136 products in account
12
44 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
341.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2019
Civ V and VI didn't grab me as much as Civ IV. The 1UPT combat doesn't really feel right to me for a game of this scale. That being said, it's still Civ and I still like the combination of researching things, improving my cities and surrounding land and being first to build some wonders. Wish they would improve the AI.
 

RobC04
1,045 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
142.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2018
I've yet to actually disrecommend a game on Steam, but this might be the closest I've gotten.

Don't take that the wrong way- I DO recommend Civilization VI. But I can't recommend it more or less unequivocally, like most of the other games I've recommended here.

Judged on its own, by its own merits alone, Civilization VI is a perfectly fine game. It has some issues- the AI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you over with unjustified surprise wars, the AI not suffering from warmonger penalties, a sometimes-clunky trade route interface- and there's some areas where personal taste may vary- such as the art style- but these aren't really dealbreakers, in my opinion, and it's certainly better than any of the competitors or knockoffs on the Steam Store. And there are areas where the game really shines- the soundtrack is absolutely great, as are the Governor and Free City mechanics added in the Rise & Fall expansion, the separate tech and culture trees are a plus, the interfaces are generally clear, the civilizations are unique enough to be engaging, and the little panoramic view you get when you construct a wonder is pretty sweet. If this was a new IP, or the first game in a series, I'd recommend it more or less unequivocally.

But this isn't the first game in a series; it's the sixth, and in one of the gaming world's most prominent and successful franchises no less. Civ VI inevitably winds up in the shadow of Civ V... and it doesn't quite come out of it. The AI in Civ V wasn't so wantonly and inexplicably dickish to the player, there was more content in areas like espionage and trade and religion, and while I don't have any problems with Civ VI's art style, per se, I do really like the art deco style that Civ V opted for. There are areas where Civ VI- in my opinion- does better than Civ V. The mechanics added in Rise & Fall, notably, but there's also smaller things; some of the new civilizations in Civ VI are just really cool, and thanks to the changes made to cities, I no longer have to worry about Stonehenge being constructed in the middle of the ocean. But overall, it feels like there's just so many things that Civ V does better than Civ VI.

To summarize, on its own, this game is a perfectly fine game. It's enjoyable and, when going by its own merits, I recommend it. But it doesn't always feel like it lives up to the standard Civ V set.
 

coldmail750
246 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
152.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
A good game at a base level, but it seems with every update more technical issues are added when they should be subtracted. And with almost every playthrough I have now accompanied by a crash or an infinite loading screen forcing me to shut down my PC entirely, most of my enjoyment I have with this game has been removed, and that is why I cannot recommend it.
 

Yuujin2500
83 products in account
0
132 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,567.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2018
It's got all of the strengths of Civ V, but the new District mechanics really seperate this game from it's predicessor. Cities require much more planning and the Civilization choices feel more impactful than they previously did.
 

Relentless Rogue
49 products in account
3
82 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
273.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2019
The long and short of it is Civ 6 is better than Civ 5 in this "completed" state. Civ 6 stands above 5 and quite frankly, most 4X games due to the flexibility of the game which increases replayability dramatically. Civ 6 does whatever it can to throw situations at you that differ campaign to campaign to spice up the flavor of a match.

Gone are the policy trees of old from Civ 5. In are policy cards that can be swapped when you learn new policies in the civic tree that compliments the science tree in every 4X game. This adds an additional layer of strategy missing in 5. In Civ 5, what you picked is what you were stuck with. You started to go down the Piety tree only to discover 2 or 3 Civs were way better positioned for religion? Sorry, you just lost all of those points. The Civ 6 policy cards allow you to pivot and change up your game plan while staying "realistic." You can't swap them whenever you want, but it's often enough that you can shuffle into a new strategy if the old one is failing.

Gathering Storm adds weather and natural disasters into the mix. You get a risk reward system in the early ages when settling. Do I settle next to a river that has flood plains (signalling it has flooded before) to get those sweet food yields? Do I settle on fertile soil near a volcano that could potentially erupt? These are all welcome situations that allow me to make meaningful choices in the game. Gathering Storm also controversially added climate change into the game. It's actually insane to me that people complain that it isn't "realistic" because it doesn't affect the game enough. Real life climate change is the subject of much heated debate, but the climate change in Civ 6 is far more disastrous than the real life one. Once you and other civs start building coal factories it doesn't take long for the ice caps to melt and the temperatures to rise along with the sea levels. Coastal tiles become lost to the sea and permanently destroy valuable districts with no chance to rebuild them. Essentially, climate change is in this game as if it was advised by Al Gore personally. I think a better system would've been just to have pollution. The more you use coal and neglect policies that enforce environmentally friendly policies the more polluted your freshwater gets and the lower your food yields are in tiles affected by pollution. I think this was a missed opportunity in an attempt to "be woke."

Another change of pace is the overhauled diplomatic system. Gone is the old Civ 5 policy where city-states dictated your influence in the world congress. Civ 6 introduces "diplomatic favor." This is a new form of currency that you can obtain from city-states and other diplomatic means like following a promise to another civ. This diplomatic favor then can be used to vote on proposals (and eventually a proposal pops up end game that rewards diplomatic victory points) or you can simply trade your diplomatic favor for resources, gold, and other goodies from other civs. This system works better than the old Civ V one. Though, the proposals themselves are weaker in 6 than 5. In 5 I could actually choose the proposals if I had the votes and was hosting the world congress. I could really shape the world's proposals to benefit me and ♥♥♥♥ over my enemies. In this, it's pretty passive except for a few circumstances and you cannot control the proposals. What is a massive addition to 6 is the "emergency system" that is grouped in with the world congress. Is Genghis Khan conquering everything that breathes? An emergency could trigger which will allow all civs to vote whether they want to participate in this emergency to stop Genghis Khan. I love this system because it offers chances to team up with the AI to stop a juggernaut.

Warring in this game is also a huge improvement over 5. Warring in 5 was particularly difficult in the earlier ages before you got your catapults going. In the early stages of 6 cities don't have walls yet which makes conquering them a much easier proposition. This is particularly useful in taking over city-states that might be serving as a buffer. Also, you can stack units again if you research the different corps and army technologies. This is a welcome addition as the end game in 5 could feature units everywhere like ants. Also, the attack animations look better than 5, but that isn't a big deal. Warring is also handled differently diplomatically. Grievances are generated for breaking promises or declaring instant surprise wars. This gives you a better handle on how the rest of the world views you. You can compare grievances with another civ to clearly see who the world would favor should you go to war. You can also unlock reasons to go to war as certain situations arise. A civ converted one of your cities? You can now declare a holy war for significantly less grievances because the war is seen as being "more just." It's a wonderful system that gives transparency when dealing with the other leaders. Civ 6 also introduced "loyalty" in Rise and Fall. This can be a fairly frustrating mechanic as newly captured cities might rebel and turn into a "free city" and really put a damper on your conquest. There are policies and governors that can assist in offsetting this. Best to capture that capital quickly as it can be a huge help in getting new cities under control. It also serves as ameans to prevent you from settling cities far from your civilization and near other civs to attempt to steal resources. That city could easily flip to the close by foreign civ.

The last major change from 5 that I'll cover is the districts system. Gone are the days of building tall cities that only take up one tile with a bunch of resources. Now you can create specialty districts that offer adjacency bonuses if they are near certain districts or tiles. This allows you to specialize cities instead of building everything in the production list. Additionally, you can assign governors to cities that you can level up with Governor points. These governors provide massive bonuses that can be exploited if you specialize properly within that city. Again, this offers more strategic choices based on the lay of the land as opposed to just building the same production order as you would in 5 with every city with a few changes.

Overall Civ 6 is some of the most fun I have ever had with a 4X. A lot of that is because this is the first 4X game I have played with friends which the game handles pretty well. It seamlessly allows you to switch between a "cloud game" and a live multiplayer game in the same campaign. I didn't want to move on from Civ V. I had over 150+ hours in that game and really enjoyed my time with it. But it's time to put 5 to rest and move on to 6. It is a superior game in almost every facet. Civ V will "stand the test of time" as a true 4X classic, but it is being put to bed by 6 at full strength in 2019.
 

Scared89
77 products in account
0
103 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
53.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2021
Sadly with the recent patches and DLCs, the game now crashes a lot and it's not stable.
 

Nani
38 products in account
17
38 people found this review helpful 3

Not Recommended
704.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2021
Was great until the new 2k launcher was added, now it crashes every half hour almost like clockwork. Big surprise proprietary software screws with a perfectly good game
 

Gladius Maximus
210 products in account
0
88 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
1,482.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 20
10/10 you can nuke France
 

NamaJeff
44 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
403 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
529.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2016
Watching the opening cinematic, now I know why Sean Bean accepted this job. It's revenge for all the on screen deaths. He got to play a guy who apparently stayed alive for like 5000 years.
 

Alvin the Elf
626 products in account
3
243 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2017
I just can't get into this game, especially after how good Civ 5 still is in comparison, It's such a shame, it feels like Civ Revolutions and Civ 5 were smashed together and it just doesn't work. I feel like the focus was wrong, I'm also not a fan of the artstyle, again, especially after Civ 5.

TLDR: Buy Civ 5 with the DLC instead of this game.


Edit: Just thought I'd mention that I have about 1500 hours on civ 5.
 

LUMY
247 products in account
3
39 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
1,788.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2020
If you like historical SIM games and you are not a hard core player, I'd recommend Civilization VI to you.
Compare with Civilization V, VI has easier logic which results in easy win solutions: You just need to cut down trees, build new cities and beat down your enemies. Even for a Civilization beginner, he could achieve victory In 200 turns easily.

A good enhancement:
With the new DLCs VI enables challenges and incidents like earthquake and other horrible disasters.

A bad feature:
The map system of VI almost made me crazy. In V the places explored can be clearly seen but in VI you need to keep your eyes open carefully to tell whether a certain place has been explored.
 

Asteroid ☄
2,281 products in account
2
32 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
250.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2021
Honestly, its my favourite civ because it handled city development very nicely. Districts are good, and there's a lot of little things and improvements that just make this a good installment. Say what you will about the DLC's and whatever, this Civ is genuinely fun to play in my opinion.

You can also do a myriad of different strategies and its not as much a linear meta as Civ 5 or earlier titles. If you want to go with a cultural victory, religious, science, military- they're all viable and they all have their own difficulties and challenges. You can also go tall or wide in terms of empire expansion, and generally speaking just wonder spamming isn't as powerful anymore because you may be giving up precious time to develop districts, army or economic benefits- that isn't to say wonders are awful though they're very good still.

My only gripes with this is the AI. The AI is very limited and doesn't use aircraft or artillery properly, and its been a problem with nearly every civ game I've played. Make sure you get AI improvement mods. Also- playing with mods is a hell of a lot easier than in 5. The mod support is a load better.

 

Trench Dog
185 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
616.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2017
Civilzation VI was one of those games that I absolutely did not care about, or at least did not understand the hype, when it was first announced. I had not played Civilization V, nor had I followed the series. I knew that it was a strategy game- and so disliked it. However, a few months previously, I had bought Stellaris, and so grand strategy games were slowly flying into my radar, including Civilization V.
Then, ManyATrueNerd started a Let's Play on Civilization VI. Suddenly, the game was the only thing on my mind. It was one of those scenarios where when I wasn't doing anything else, Civilization VI took up my spare head room. Gameplay scenarios and diplomacy screens and beginning screens in the game dominated my brain. When it finally came out, without thinking, I purchased the Deluxe Edition (kind of a let down, as the added civs since release weren't all that special- cool, but in relation to being DLC? Eh).
Very quickly, Civilization VI became my most-played game on Steam (until I got into Paladins), and even more so dominated my mind. I will explain the reasons.

Pros:
-A very easily addictive game, Civilization is the origin of the term "just one more turn", and its addictivity is self-explanatory
-The music is great (after about sixty hours I turned it off to listen to my own, though)
-Most of my other points fall under the first point
-The design choices that Firaxis made when deciding upon the new art style? MMM, daddy

Cons:
-Most certainly religion. Even with the new rebuild of the system. Another civ began next to you, and happens to have a religion? Yeah, goodluck even struggling to keep your own cities worshipping your own religion. Any nearby religion will immediately bum-rush you, not even taking into account the fact that you are currently converting their cities. And it never ends; say you make a gigantic push into their territory, and convert five of their seven cities? Aw, too bad, they had seventy inquisitors just around the corner.
-Diplomacy, obviously. Not only do enemy AIs completely ignore anything that you ask of them, including "Pretty please, could you, like, STOP CONVERTING MY FU***ING CITIES", but they also get angry as all hell if you ever do the same to them. You wanted to settle in a certain location, (this is especially applicable to the early game) and did so, but then the Kongo denounces you for settling to close? Oh, hey, one of their cities was shrouded in the fog of war. Whoops. You settled somewhere, then two turns later Germany settles right next to you? Oh, well, darn, guess Germany hates you now.
Obviously, diplomacy is the largest issue with this game.

Now, while it might seem as though I riffed on the cons for longer, its only because I feel very strongly about them, and so remember them that much more clearly. But really, isn't that the case for most things? We remember the bad with much more intense emotions than we do the positive, and that is heavily reflected in this review. But I know for a fact that I love this game dearly. Definitely check it out if you like 4X games, but admittedly probably hold off if you were really into Civilization V at the end of its development cycle.
 

OpDownfall
276 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2018
A great grand strategy game. I liked improvements in the series.


Another techology tree - civics! 
A Screenshot of Sid Meier's Civilization VI
By: Rurik

I am an old fan of Civilization series. I played all games in the series even Civilization I. And I could say for sure, devs did a great job.

First of all, I liked a lot of new mechanics. Old game offered only main mechanics as colonization, city upgrades, war and tech tree. I found more then 10 new things in this game as archaeology, districts, civics, envoys, government and etc.

It was awesome to learn new mechanics and find the best strategy.
I can talk a lot about Civilization 6, but I just recommend this game to you. Enjoy!


AI got Atomic Station in 16th century. Funny! 
A Screenshot of Sid Meier's Civilization VI
By: Rurik

Pros
- A lot of mechanics. Old ones as exploration, colonization, war and new ones as archaeology, great people, districts, civics and etc.
- Nice graphics
- A lot of different content: various types of resources, a lot of wonders, a lot of war units, buildings and etc.
- A lot of settings and extra scenarios
- Nice specials of nations. Some could change gameplay significantly
- A lot of ways to achieve win
- Good soundtrack

Cons
- The game could be too hard for newcomers in strategy genre.
- AI is not good
- Turns at later stages take a lot of time
- Game on standard settings past too fast
- Making war is not fun as in Civ 2 and Civ 3


Great people mechanics! 
A Screenshot of Sid Meier's Civilization VI
By: Rurik

Resume
The game is great, it has a lot of content and different mecahnics. It is pleasure lo learn and use them. The game has a lot of settings and modes, you can spend thousands in this game. I found only 1 flaw. It is a not great AI. Anyway, I recommend this game for all strategy fans.
 

Rurik
430 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
509.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2020
100 hours in and so much more content to explore. Buy if you have extra time. Great for Quarantine
 

Hogs of War
87 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
255.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 5
Contrary to popular belief, this doesn't need a Battle Royale to be good.
 

Alpunt0
521 products in account
0
273 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6,772.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2017
A review after 3,000 hours of Gameplay.

There's unbalanced civilizations, broken and abusable aspects which need mending and these Issues span from civilizations with obscene abilities to issues with Multiplayer.

Having said that I'm not in the least put off. As an avid Civilization player since Civ 3 this is what I've come to expect from Firaxis.

Civilization VI has a HUGE learning curve coming from V but I can tell you with 100% certainty that this game was worth every penny and I have zero regrets in either my monetary investment or the hundreds of hours I've put into learning this wonderful game.

Even after putting a MASSIVE amount of time into the game I'm still finding things that are cool/new be it new strategies or new aspects of the game which are crazy strong that before I considered weak or was completely unaware this is not at all something I was expecting since in Civ V there were only 2 main Strategies and one specific wonder made all players quit if they didn't get it

I'm quite willing to poke the proverbial bear in the rump by saying that a large portion of the negative reviews are posted from players who do not wish to abandon their beloved V(or equivalent) and simply do not like the changes/time required to learn a completely new game from scratch (I still see people saying bull crap about "Wide vs Tall, Unit Stacking etc etc" It DOESN'T apply here it's NOT Civ V it's NOT Civ III THIS is Civ VI! SO STOP...PLEASE)

When Civilization VI has been tweaked(just like Civilization V was after it was released... Yeah don't you remember how horrible that game was back then?) as I'm sure it will be over time I plan to continue investing time into it as long as the naysayers who just want Civ V with upgraded graphics do not get their way. I hope to see/hear that others others are experiencing all the unique gameplay that Civilization VI has to offer.

For all Civilization V or its predecessors' diehards who actually want to experience a new game after having invested 5k+ hours into the previous version pull up your panties because this is one hell of a bumpy transition. It's unique in many aspects and the game is not a polished product (yet) so if you expect to be able to pull off the whole "I'll build cities/districts without units" gig then you're going to be sorely disappointed when Barbarians and civilizations like Scythia come knocking at your door.

Don't feel bad if you're against the way the game is set up. People have hopped off the band wagon between every civ transition to stick to their favorite out of the series (it took a lot to peel me from 4 to test 5) but don't hate on an undeveloped game just because it's unfimilar or different to what we grew to love in Civ V (Heck, any of the previous versions). Uncompleted games are something that we've determined that this producer continuously releases so that it can be refined based off of reviews.

Overall it's a bang for your buck but keep in mind that it's still in development. Just don't let archaic viewpoints molded from a different game keep you from enjoying this one like I let mine hold me back from experiencing how grand Civ V was (and still is)!

(Edit) I must say though I haven't found a game quite as addictive as Civilization VI, in which I can come back to and play over and over and over since Age of Empires II Age of Kings without growing weary of the game and even then, never have I put such a vast amount of time into any game in such a short time.

(Edit2)Rise and Fall
 

Justifier
46 products in account
72
78 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
75.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2021
Your launcher stinks. We buy games on Steam to not be bothered with that garbage.
 

twitchingdoge.ttv
206 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
1,221.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
I have 950+ hours on this game and i wish i could get every single one of them back. Don't get this if u value ur time
 

akala
18 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3,538.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2016
Introduction

Hi I'm PotatoMcWhiskey and I do guide videos:

YouTube™ Video: How to get +50 production from Industrial Zones in Civ 6 
Views: 876,246
Hey guys, PotatoMcWhiskey here, and this is my guide to Industrial Zones! ► Subscribe: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=PotatoMcWhiskey ► Twitter:...


The Good

The graphical fidelity and attention to detail is excellent.
The modding community is becoming very mature with hundreds if not thousands of amazing mods to choose from.
There are thousands of hours of content in this game if you are looking for something you can keep around for a while then this may fill that gap.
The game is different from previous games, which makes it feel fresh and interesting.
There is a huge wealth of updates and improvements in the form of Free Patches and Paid DLC. These have extended the life of the game by hundreds of hours in terms of fun.
The strategic diversity in how you can approach the game has never been deeper.

The Bad

The modding tools also haven't been fully released yet which is a small mark against the game in its current form in my opinion.
Buying the game without a sale is quite expensive.


Closing comment:

This is easily the best iteration of the Civilization Franchise.

This review was written on the September 2019 Patch.
 

PotatoMcWhiskey
804 products in account
4
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
620.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
###
Update: With the "Winter 2016" update, the AI received some further improvement. Experiences might be anecdotical, but I encountered some very plausible reactions. Combat AI seems to be better too (don't expect wonders), although it still forgets to use the city bombardment.

In the hope that the updates continue at this pace, I change my recommendation to positive.
###

###
Update: With the "Fall 2016" update, many UI-issues got resolved. The diplomacy AI is somewhat better (i.e. reasonable), though general and combat AI remain sub-par. Districts still can not be removed and there exists an unhandled bug that makes seemingly random production items take a lot longer than they should (negative production value at start, e.g. -120/80 instead of 0/80).

I reckon I might be able to recommend the game after the next patch. I hope they will keep up the patching ("Winter 2016 Update" next?).
###

+ New mechanics are interesting and do work in principle
+ Game runs smoothly
+ Multiplayer works
+ (as you know) Sean Bean

- Diplomacy is broken; always ends with everyone hating everyone
^ possibly due to sign error or scaling of relation impact; this might be fixable
- even with good relations, there are no fair deals with AI possible
- Districts get more expensive, the more social researches one has
^ Quite unintuitively, not communicated and makes no sense; districts get more expensive than wonders fast
^ Yes, really. On standard speed, each Civic increases district cost by around 11 production (base cost 60)
- Districts can not be removed
^ very basic feature for any system of adjacency boni, one would think
- minor, but unnecessary and enraging slip-ups in UI
- AI is just as bad (or worse) in combat situations as in Civ 5
^ not a challenge unless 3vs1 + tech advance
- AI is bad in general


Bottom line: Game needs 2-3 patches, so around 6-8 months work. Alas, this IS release weekend and the game is playable. Still not recommended at current state; has potential to be the best part of the series. Please Firaxis, make it happen!
 

Suisight
1,241 products in account
28
53 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
1,142.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
One-more-turn syndrome is a condition that originates from this series.
 

High Energy
144 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
80.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2021
This would be a thumbs up if 2K hadnt put their absolutely abysmal app between steam and the game. The startup time for CIV VI went from ~30 seconds to 15 minutes with their useless trash stuck in the middle. I will retain a thumbs down review on this game and all other 2K games until this app is removed.
 

RoyaleWithCheez
172 products in account
0
67 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
3,009.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2020
The only other game I've played in this franchise is Civ V and I think Civ VI is way more fun for me at this point. Just to name some of the differences I enjoy:
-Districts: way fun to play around and way better than stacking cities in civ 5 for an overused 4-city tradition strat
-Diplomacy: More understandable agendas, grievances, and the ability to trade favour
-No more tedious road building with multiple builders
-Interesting 'continents' mechanics and colonialism, not to mention districts above and scarcer, yet important resources late game force territorial expansion
 

screendambright
41 products in account
0
387 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
55.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2016
tl;dr: Good game, Bad AI. Playing a mechanically sound strategy game with inept opponents isn't very fun. When devs / modders fix the AI it'll be amazing. Until then, it's merely 'ok'.

It has A LOT to like: city building, general improvments to how things make much more sense (Trade caravans build roads, techs get boosts for relevant activity, city planning), art style of the map (though leaders have really long faces), combat animations, tech / culture trees, unit progression compared to civ5, etc etc.;;

However, while the game is a joy to play in a mechanical sense, it's lacking in two things that are kind of a big deal -- the diplomacy, and the AI.

The long-hyped 'agendas' for the AI are honestly not doing anything. The AI is still insane -- declaring war on you with 7 warriors in ancient era and then wandering around getting picked off by archers for a bit before begging for peace. It's literally the same level of useless as Civ 5 on release, if not worse.

The sad part is that giving the AI huge bonuses on higher difficulties doesn't really make the game more 'challenging', it just makes it more annoying. This might be my opinion but not being able to complete a single wonder and being PHYSICALLY unable to race with 500% (or w/e high bonuses AI gets) more science / culture / faith / gold on deity isn't my idea of fun. And the saddest part of it all is because the AI is so inept they'll still somehow lose to you in wars, with three times your numbers and straight up stronger units.

Game balance is basically alright, with a few outliers. They've made warrior line have bonus vs spear line. That's good. Crossbowmen turn into Field Cannons that don't have 1 range like the freaking Gatling Gun -- that's very good! The new government system with cards is good; However, each individual card is so weak that basically all civs that have bonuses to government policy slots are really, really weak. To a point where Greece is downright useless as 1 policy slot + hoplites (that take extra damage from base warriors) just make it worse than rome in every way. Yeah, the 40 power legions are back with a vengeance, which makes me happy as a civ veteran, though I can imagine how it can be annoying for someone who starts near rome.

But all that doesn't really matter past 100 turns because for some reason in 80% of cases the AI just refuses to upgrade units. I get it, bows and chariots are cool, but it's 1952 and I do think it's not that hard to invest in some muskets! OR EVEN SWORDS!

The AI also doesn't seem to understand trade. Example: it offers me 52 gold for a resource, I click the gold away, then add the same exact amount they offered in the first place, and they refuse. Sometimes they ask for 2 resources and 200 gold for open borders; Sometimes they're winning war and peace out offering everything they have. I don't think it should do those things!

All in all, not a bad civ game, with a lot to like, but just like Civ 5 it'll probably require a lot of patching and an expansion or two THAT WILL HOPEFULLY FIX THE AI to be fully enjoyable for me. It's not a bad game. It's playable. But jeez, how hard is it to just make GOOD ai again? You did it for civ3 and civ4, Firaxis. Civ5 and 6 are both easier games AND have worse AI. It just annoys me to no end =/

Edit: Re-shuffled some thoughts, and added a few words on multiplayer:

It's basically the same as civ 5, maybe a LITTLE bit better. Played with 1 person on a standard size map, the first 100 turns were flawless, then the random desyncs begun. I suggest playing on small maps as I don't think there have been much improvments under the hood to remedy civ5's problems. At least it reconnected my friend every time through ~15 desyncs in ~50 turns. But that's really not an acceptable number for a triple A game that had the exact same problems in the previous installment.

Upd: Desyncs fixed by saving and re-hosting the game, as it turns out. So if anyone has that problem this fixed it for me!
 

Silariel
185 products in account
26
27 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 16
My US city "LeBron Jamestown" was destroyed by a meteor
 

Dissolvi
306 products in account
0
204 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
130.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2019
Horrific spyware and screwing over the customer with it's prices. Forcing early buyers to purchase higher cost DLC at individual prices rather than upgrading to the gold version.

RIP Sid Meier.
 

CaractacusRex
6,473 products in account
0
271 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
610.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2017
Turn-Based games are often difficult to get into due to the complexity of their mechanics: planning your moves ahead of your opponent, be it an AI or a human, forces you to think ahead much like chess would do.

Getting better at a turn-based game demands from the player the understanding of the metagame in place. This means knowing in advance from your previous knowledge of playing the game, what moves could yield in the desired effect.

A basic early game strategy for Civilization VI (one of many) would be to rush Astrology and a Holy Site if you encounter a Natural Wonder in the first turns, so you can get ahead in the religious path with an associated Great Prophet permitting you to create an early religion.

This is an example of a meta: you find a Natural Wonder in the early turns (a), you research Astrology (b), you build a Holy Site (c), you get your Great Prophet in time (d), you found your religion (e).

There are plenty of those and the secret is to know in advance which one you will use to get to your goals. It's the motto of Civ VI and Sean Bean tells it to you during the trailer when launching the game "you must adapt and press forward if you are to reach your journey's end".

Now here comes the problem: the AI will actively cockblock your strategy and ruin whatever meta you are trying to go for, at the expense of following a proper one for itself.

In other words the AI will constantly try to counter what you are doing in a way that is unproductive for itself and thus, will focus on destroying whatever sparks of creativity you are trying to put into the damn game.

In higher difficulties, this behaviour does not change. It simply gets percentage related boni on everything.

While this very poorly implemented AI effectively kills the game, Firaxis did nothing to bring solutions to better it and focuses instead on releasing civilization packs to money grab credulous buyers.

It has some good points despite the AI mess however, the art direction is good accross the board and many animations are top-notch despite having a mobile game feel going on (it's only a feel though).

Also, It is probably a nice experience when played in multiplayer, with an AI limited to controlling barbarians...

Avoid this at all costs if you plan on mostly playing the singleplayer. Go for the previous iteration (Civilization V) or Endless Legend.

Update 3 March: Some grammar and formatting.
 

k4nd17r33
655 products in account
10
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 13
probably the most accessible civ in the series and a lot of fun in my opinion. unfortunately the game is very expensive with all its expansions, which you should definitely get, so i would only recommend buying it on a big sale.
 

eskoONE
113 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
144 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,138.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
I could've earned over $20,000 working minimum wage instead of playing this game
 

Lauchlann
144 products in account
8
56 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
155.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2020
I'd like to compare Civ VI to Civ V in this review. More people think that Civilization V is the better game compared to this game, in my observation. But I like this game better than its predecessor. I think this game is an improvement and that's why I like it better, although I also love Civ V. Here are some things why:
* I like the visuals better, although I prefer realistic leader characters than a cartoonish ones like in this game. I also like the interface better.
* Food is now less important compared to Civ V. Hence, cities in desert, tundra can be better now thanks to districts.
* Growth is limited by Housing capacity. You can build districts, buildings, and improvements to increase Housing capacity in your cities.
* District is a complex new thing in this iteration. There is much to learn for new player about districts. Districts are very important in this game.
* City-States now have unique abilities that they offer to their suzerain. In Civ V the importance of city-states depend on their type, location and resources in their regions. Rather than using cash to gain favor with the city-states, now you have Envoys. This are limited depending on what diplomatic policy you have set in your government. You can also gain a free envoy by doing things like quests from city-state once for every era.
* The civic system is now similar to the tech tree. Many of these civics unlock policies upon research completion. Player has policy slots for their goverment of choice, which they can fill the slots with unlocked policies. This offers flexibility you don't get in Civ V. Cost of these civics are not affected by the size of your empire like in previous game and I like big empires.
* There are unique boosts for technologies and civics. You can do specific action in your empire to boost a certain tech or civic. This gives you a chance to compete better with your rivals that possess stronger science or culture generation.
* Wonders now have unique placement requirement(s). A city with very high production capability or a leader ability that grants bonus to build wonders can't just spam wonders anymore. Some wonders are unlocked with civics.
* Great People are now limited but have unique abilities. They're grouped into their historic eras in real history.
* Culture is now used to gain Tourism. You win Cultural victory by accumulating Tourism points above everyone else.
* Tiles now have Appeal value, which have effects like on generating Tourism, yield from Seaside Resort improvement.
* More game modes added with expansions and updates. This offer more variety and challenge to your gaming experience.
* Now you have Builders, instead of Workers. Builders now have charges. Constructing improvement now done instantly and consume a charge. They're gone once all charges have been spent. Compared to previous games, Workers can build how many improvements you want but that takes turns to finish.
* Pillaging improvement now changes the status of the improvement to be "pillaged", rather than destroyed, which you have to rebuild if you need it. Also buildings in the cities may be pillaged, as opposed to get destroyed on city capture.
* Roads are now automatically built by Trader unit assigned on a trade route. You can also order your Military Engineer to do that but that will cost a charge, which is expensive.
* The soundtracks are awesome, as always with this franchise. For each leader now you got 4 new themes: ancient, medieval, industrial, and atomic. In Civ V you've got war and peace themes and themes for cultural groups like Asia, America, etc.

On the opposing side, I prefer Civ V's movement system. Now you need full 2 points to enter a hill or forest. Previously if you have a remaining 0.5 you can enter such tiles or cross the river.
 

LeChevalier88
2,397 products in account
10
38 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 13
Civilization IV is an amazing game. It is a fact. But it is really not for everybody.

This game perfectly does what it should. It lets you build an empire that survives from the early ages of civilization until the most modern era. The game leaves no room to just sit in front of your computer and do nothing; it always gives you new challenges that you have to undertake. It can be anything from a flooding river to a full-out invasion from a yet unknown civilization.

But there is a huge downside of the time period the game spans. Games go on for a really long time, which can easily make it boring for a lot of people (sometimes even for me). And the pace of the game can REALLY go out of control after the Middle Ages. Since in real life too, after that era we discovered and developed so many things, it happens like that in the game too. But this means that you can say goodbye to the old, more chill gameplay, and you really have to concentrate. And even like that you can still get lost in the vast things the game offers at that time.

But to talk a little more about the amazing aspects of the game, the feeling of discovery is captured in this game really well. Every location you discover, every thing you research, it feels mostly really rewarding, and thats what i think keeps many players go. And the Tech and Civics tree (the way you research things) is really well built and mostly consistent too.

Overall, I really recommend this game to people who don't mind games that can span a lot of hours (like 20+) in length and who don't mind sudden pace changes in the game. Because apart from those things, there is really nothing to complain about in this game. It is just amazing.

If you read my whole review and managed to reach this part, thank you, have a great day, bye!
 

KAKA0
22 products in account
0
76 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2019
I got the Gold Edition + Gathering Storm for really cheap, just to throw that out there. While there are some things in Civ V that I wish were in Civ VI, I'm overall having a lot more fun with Civ VI. Everything is more thought provoking, from Districts, to Espionage, to Religion. There are many valid points to people's criticism, but there are also many here that I think are absurd. Yes, the art style is better or worse depending on your style (I love it), but that doesn't warrant a down vote. The only true major flaw in this game comes with the Gathering Storm DLC, and that's the World Congress. I think it was done incredibly poorly and feels like a slot machine, the Civ V one wasn't perfect because of the City-State system with it but it's certainly better than the one we have now. Great game, but it's not worth the full price, especially the DLC. Get it when it's on sale.
 

Krispe
469 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,927.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 20
Actually started playing Civ back in the 1991, back in Grad School. So, been playing the different versions for a long time. It is still a great way to spend some time. I won't call it relaxing, as I am always constrained to try and improve, find myself focused on winning, but it is fun any way.
 

msvilar59
5 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2020
Civ but better. Game is only good with DLCs. Dont buy without dlc package
 

Cade
105 products in account
2
138 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
87.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2019
Fix the A.I.

Edit: It is now October 2020, My review still stands valid.

Edit: It is now May 2021, My review still stands valid.
 

MojavieDesert
58 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
59 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
236.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 5, 2021
catherine de medici has denounced me in this game so many times that now i'm fluent in french
 

beethreefour
81 products in account
0
132 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,000.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2016
I have clocked around 30 hours so far and I really wanted to like the game but to be honest I am struggling a little. It's such a shame because I am a huge fan of the series but I have to say this one is a backwards step from 4 and 5.

First of all I shall go over the pros (in my opinion):

1. Love the builders; they are an improvement on workers who just became annoying after a while on Civ 4 and 5.

2. Love the trading! It has more depth to it than 5, which was a bit easy, and I like that they build automatic roads. A good improvement.

3. One of the best improvements for me is the city state interaction. Sending envoys is an interesting and easy way to ally with city states, a big improvement on 5, which, unless you were Greece was pretty hard to maintain relationships with city states.

4. I really like the districts and how they work, it makes for a more deep and meaningful game, where city planning is of the utmost importance. Fantastic addition to the game.

5. The civics are also a good improvement in my opinion. Having such a diverse government system means there are hundreds of different ways to play the game and now you can really tailor a government to suit the needs of your empire.

6. Barbarians are now much more of a challenge and so have more meaning within the game.

7. Absolutely love the fact you can create your own religion!

That's about it for the pros. There is very little change in the battle systems and how scouting works, which is good because they were fine anyway. Right, now onto the cons, and although there are only two big cons they basically make the game much worse than 4 and 5.

1. Map sizes have deteriorated badly! If you do a huge map with 12 civs then you will be on top of each other from the start. I have tested this time and again and I am usually 4-5 squares away from at least two other civs. There is no room for expansion and so wars are rife. It is impossible to play this type of game unless you plan on conquering the civs closest to you, which could easily back fire and means sacrificing religion, science and culture just so you have an army big enough to do the job. The civs will always put a city next to your capital before you have a chance to. Basically if you try and get a settler you'll sacrifice an army and the civ next to you will invade. Gandhi, Roosevelt, doesn't matter. They WILL invade and if you have a small army then you'll be wiped. Therefore the game is pointless being played on a huge map with 12 players, in fact, after much testing and comparing with 5 I believe that the huge map on 6 is roughly that of a medium on 5. If you want to play a similar experience to 5 (e.g. having space to grow your empire) then I'd suggest having six civilizations on a huge map. Any more and it is too congested. It's a great shame because I loved having all of the civilizations involved, not just a few of them. I can only guess that they have done this because of the new graphics engine, which does look good, but I'd have preferred 5 graphics with larger scale maps any day and I think most people would agree.

2. The civilizations are mental. By which I mean they will declare war on you for no reason whatsoever, they denounce you for being poor etc. even though you are richer than them, they will build cities next to yours even though it is hundreds of miles away from their capital. Basically the AI is massively flawed and must be tweaked. I have played three full games now and never had an ally. They always dislike me due to one of their agendas clashing with mine. It doesn't really work and just creates war.

3. You can no longer choose how many city states to start with!

4. After the renaissance era onwards the game slows down so much it becomes hard to play. I have a gaming PC with 32 GB of RAM and yet I am waiting roughly a minute between goes, sometimes longer! Again, this is down to the updated graphics.

5. Still have the same issue as on 5 with iron not spawning in the your borders. However, on 5 you could avoid wars by being clever. On this one war will arrive within the first 100 goes EVERY TIME! Therefore army is key. If you have no iron then you will struggle and in my three goes so far I have had just one iron on my continent!

It is such a shame that the game has these fatal flaws because otherwise it truly would be the best one of the series. I hope that they iron out these flaws but I am not sure whether they will be able to because increasing map sizes will just slow the game down even more. Therefore if you do get this game then take it for what it is: a war game. The flaws mean that wars happen all the time. In all my games so far there has been nonstop war from the ancient era all the way through. Most civs get wiped out by the renaissance era, normally leaving me and two-three other civs to fight it out the rest of the game. It is the same every time and it is for that reason why I cannot recommend this game to anyone. I will stick with it for a while longer and see if there is improvement but I can't see me playing this as long as I did 5, and I can even see myself going back to 5 sooner rather than later.
 

Clarkaldo
38 products in account
2
81 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2018
Pay $60 for them to secretly install spyware. No notice about it, no warning and no way to opt out except for emailing a third party company with no guarantee they'll actually stop collecting data about you and your browsing habits.

Disgusting, dishonest behaviour. Just goes to show you can't trust these AAA devs/publishers and all they care for is money and will break customers trust and privacy to get it.
 

Rattlesnake8
2,972 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
148.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2019
The base game is a demo. It was clearly made as a foundation for all the DLC that makes an actual game, with an end result being a complete game that costs an arm and a leg rather than just pricing normally. 3/10 would refund if i could. Not buying any more Civ games.
 

SkullFreak
108 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
190.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 14, 2021
2K has ruined this game with the update that included forcing players to use their "2K Launcher." Now that it launches from this unnecessary launcher, the sound skips, it freezes consistently, and sometimes crashes and shows a "Stopped Responding" message from Windows. This is the same whether it's the DirectX 11 or 12. I used to play this game all the time, I will not be buying any more 2K products in the future.
 

lukerman
481 products in account
2
348 people found this review helpful
495 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2016
How to beat Delty enemy:






Congrats! You unlock 12 achivements.


 

Yidiaos
1,489 products in account
19
28 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 11
This game Good
2k launcher Bad

seriously tho, idk how come a human brain can even think that extra launcher on a video game that launch on a game portal such as steam is really good idea. I get it, its marketing move from the Dev but come on. I bet u 100$ nobody wanna take extra step just to start their game, people really want it simple "click the button and the game start" thats it.

otherwise as i say before, this game is good. Got a infinite replayability values, and also tons of mods. Get this game on Sale if u can btw, since its got a lot of DLC that really can improve the game.
 

Ignitium
380 products in account
0
333 people found this review helpful
40 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2020
I've tried to like this game,but I've discovered I don't really like the graphics,the slower game play or in my opinion the way religions work.Overall its a deeper game than civ 5 but it's not for me.I hope you guys like it more than I did.
 

vt1340
87 products in account
6
68 people found this review helpful
106 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
106.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2021
Yes, not time consuming at all and doesn't ruin sleeping schedules
 

Jeren äänikortti シ
105 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
56.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2020
I think I still prefer Civ 5 but this is a lot of fun.
 

Marco
1,481 products in account
0
123 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
46.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2018
Been a player of the series from way back in Civ I, but when you add spyware to your game you lose a customer.
 

steelwraith
457 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
5,393.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2021
Civilization VI stands out as the deepest and richest base game in the series, with smart additions and changes that refine its already great strategy gameplay. With that, however, comes the challenge of adding new content to improve upon what's already there without bloating it. Civ VI's first expansion, Rise and Fall, strikes a remarkable balance between the two, with several key features that both complement and change up the base game.

The Ages system works brilliantly with Civ VI's emphasis on careful planning and building a well-rounded civilization regardless of the victory condition you're working towards. A wide variety of accomplishments contribute to your score, from clearing Barbarian outposts and building Wonders to being the first civilization with a complex form of government. If you lean too heavily into one specialization, like science, you'll have trouble earning enough points in any given era to escape a Dark Age and its pitfalls. So even if you're two eras ahead of everyone else in your own tech tree, you're still susceptible to falling into a Dark Age if you fail to do anything else of note. As a result, a strong start isn't enough to carry you through Rise and Fall, even on lower difficulties--you need to work proactively and adapt your strategies at every step if you want to rule the world.
 

KooR
426 products in account
0
76 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
1,496.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2021
First off, I've been playing Civ since 1995 with the release of Civilization 2. This version VI is the most unstable version I have ever played. I've tried it on 13 computers over the last 5 years and the result is always the same. FREEZE/CRASH/ERROR. The only computer it works well on is my Mac. Hats off to Aspyr as they seem to have a better grasp on making a stable version. I have beta versions of more stable games from tiny dev companies that run better. 2K has to be the worst. What good is buying a $60 game if you have to jump through tweak hoops all the time just to get through one game? The more they patch the worse it gets. I'm done with Civilization VI, what a big dissappointment!
 

MikeG1265
96 products in account
6
325 people found this review helpful
66 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3,715.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2019
1) Poor AI
2) to compensate for Poor AI, they allows it to cheat... in 3 turns AI players can have units and buildings that should have taken 20+ turns
3) the AI dont know the purpose of the game, but only pursues its own agenda - totaly mindless if it is going to loose, tbe biggest problem here is that if you play against 4 AI players and one is trying to mindlessly win from military, without thought that other is about to win with religion, or science, you have to have the strongest militarry, the strongest religion, the best science.. and so on - where a human player would not blindly focuse on military if he/she was about to loose due to science. and vice versa
 

Rygaard
20 products in account
27
205 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
91.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2017
As hard as I try to like Civ VI, I just can't. Civ VI lacks everything which made Civ V such a fun and addictive game. When I first played Civ V, I was instantly hooked on the gameplay. In my opinion, I felt that my game of Civ V was a dynamic, challenging game where my opponents each strategized and acted in the global scale. In Civ V, I conquered a Civ as Germany and instantly people were concerned about my expansion. Civ V was a mix of balancing agressive conquest without ticking off the other civs. Diplomacy mattered. In Civ VI, nothing the AI does makes sense. A warmongering spartan empire will criticize you for taking a city. Civs will declare war on you for absoluetly no reason and then move no units toward your borders, then beg for a peace deal. Ultimatley you do not feel like your civ is a part of the world.

Civ V had interesting, yet understandable, mechanics which really made you feel like you were in control of your civ. Civ VI has a complicated UI which is not helpful. I really still don't know what i'm doing in this game and feel lost. In Civ V, i gained an unersanding in a few hours. I keep telling myself that another game will teach me somtehing that i'm missing that will help me like the game more. However I do appreciate the attempt to make the civs more dynamic by introducing specialty districts and whatnot, however the game is just too broken and not deep. The DLC is overpriced and adds nothing but a few civs and some crappy natural wonders.

Overall summary: DLC is empty, meaningless money grabs that don't change anything and probably won't ever, game looks cartoonish and ridiculous and just doesn't work well as an art style with this specific game, ai is broken and makes the player feel like the player rather than another civ, UI is not helpful, mechanics are complicated and not realistic, attempt at dynamic civ ai behavior only makes them more chaotic and unpredictable.

Overall Recommendation: If you want a strategy game that is far worth your money, buy civ V Complete. You can get complete on sale during a holiday event for $12. Even at full price I had no regrets. Too poor and can't wait? Buy Civ IV. Another great game with endless mods that are a blast. (I pre-ordered this game after I swore I never would again. I normally don't feel guilty buing games, but I wish I had my $60 back).
 

Ya Boi Jerry
236 products in account
2
39 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
407.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2020
The Civilization franchise as a whole is probably the first thing which comes to mind when thinking about the 4x game genre. 4x games are about eXploration, eXpansion, eXploitation, and eXtermination. In Civilization VI you lead a civilization from the dawn of civilization (3000 BCE) to the information era while researching technologies, building wonders, developping your culture, creating great works of art, music and writing, conquering your neighbours, founding religions and all this on a hexagon tiled world map which might or might not look like a real world place with or without a civ which existed at this epoch. Never heard of the Industrial era Aztec empire in all his glory? Me neither but that what makes Civilization as a franchise so interesting.

But what differentiates Civilization VI from it's predecessors? Well, first of all there's the district system. Basically you don't build your libraries in your cities but in districts which are placed on the world map. There's an adjacency system which gives bonus for well-placed districts (next to mountains or other districts). Also wonders have to be build on the world map and sometimes have to fulfill certain conditions like being next to a certain district and/or on a certain terrain feature which makes it harder to mass wonders which is in my opinion a nice change. Also wonders were nerfed compared to Civ V which don't make them anymore a necessity but more nice-to-have which is welcome too.

Also another big change compared to Civilization V is the card system which makes for a more fluid and interesting gameplay. Do you want to focus on expansion or more on wonder building? Now you have to decide those things by either putting a expansion focused card or wonder building card in your governement which starts with very few card slots to others with bigger flexibility. Also the choices of a government early games affects you also in the late game because former governments grant you a legacy bonus.

The base game also includes religion and the new religion victory. Convert half the cities of all enemy civs to the religion you founded and you win the game (no religious victory for Kongo though). Alternative ways of winning the game are the science victory , cultural victory, domination victory and the score victory with their own unique flavour though spoiler 

If you buy the expansions, you'll be granted the loyalty system, the golden-dark age system, environmental effects, world congress, new 21st century techs and policies, and the diplomatic victory as most notable features as well as plenty other civs.

All in all I would say it's a worthy investment in money and I'm pretty excited to see what's up for the future of Civ VI

Be warned though that you'll might check the ingame time and wonder why you're still playing at 2AM.
 

Whakahoatanga
1,225 products in account
0
89 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
155.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2021
Great game overall but,

6 is in fact not > 5.
 

Abli
60 products in account
3
77 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
695.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2020
This game is not Civ V, and that's okay. If you expect a newer, better Civ V in Civ VI, you won't find it here. It's more like a re-imagining of Civ V, if it were to come out today. It's not as good, but it has the edge against Civ V. If you've gotten extremely good at Civ V and expect to be good at Civ VI, you'll be mistaken. Art-style changed, graphics got better overall, and the game play isn't as bad as I've seen other reviewers talked about for years. with the newest DLC, and more on it's way, this game is on it's way to be better than I thought it would've been. I recommend playing it if you've played any Civ before and wanted to get back into it.
 

Jonesie
182 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
817.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 16
This game is trash and I hate it. Played almost 1000 hours just to be sure.
 

FORTRAN
63 products in account
3
284 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
421.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 14, 2018
Play Civ V.
 

neprimjetni
73 products in account
5
53 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2019
I found this a little more complicated than Civ V. As expected, the graphics are improved and there are some nice new touches in many places. If it was 20 years ago and I had as much free time as I did back then, I could see myself playing this for 100s of hours. The workshop/mods really add a lot too.

Additional Details
Operating System	Ubuntu Linux 18.04 x64
CPU	Ryzen 5 1500x
GPU	GTX 1050, nvidia-410.78
Game Saves	Automatically, manually whenever you want
Notes	No option to save in the tutorial
Technical Notes	No problems
 

cbones - LINUX
594 products in account
8
54 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
215.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2019
This Game is amazing. Me and my brother will have intense matches playing this game while we are either battling to the death or working together to victory. This game has brought me and brother so many fun memories of having to hurry to build flood walls because we may or may not have polluted the earth to much, memories of working hard to crank out units to destroy ghandi before he gets to powerful, and memories of kicking his butt and destroying his empire. I would fully recommend this game for people who have friends, family, or children they can play with because this game is so much more fun with other people.
 

TingKarg
76 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
246.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2021
I'm going to be writing this review from the perspective of someone who has never played any of the other Civ games.

Really amazing game if you love the 4x strategy genre. You might see some people saying that this game isn't as good as Civ 5. I have never played Civ 5 so I can't really speak to that, but if you are new to the franchise, I don't think this game will disappoint. It has great graphics, beautiful soundtrack, and so many different scenarios you can find yourself in. The game can be quite complex, but after playing one or two games you can easily learn the basics. Throughout the game, you really feel like you are building an empire. You'll be able to explore the world and find unique landmasses, world wonders and hostile entities. There are so many decisions to be made, around war, alliances, expansion, city development, world wonder building, research, government type etc.

The creators try to stay true to the actual historical background of each the civilizations. The AI, although they can be a bit dumb, do seem to have some sort of personality, with certain civilizations being more aggressive than others and having certain mannerisms.

The "just one more turn" feeling is very strong with this one.

Would recommend buying when on sale, although this game is amazing, it's still very expensive, especially with DLCs.
 

LETMEOUT
13 products in account
0
88 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
447.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2020
Another entry in the Civilization franchise. I'm reviewing this with the Rise and Fall and Gathering Storm expansions.

Pros
+ My monkey brain likes the Civ gameplay, and this game remains fundamentally Civ gameplay. Explore, Expand, Exploit, Exterminate, make the planet yours.
+ Research and Civics are split into two tech paths.
+ District system encourages planning instead of "just build every building in every city."
+ Cities no longer increase the cost of research and civics. Instead, Districts cost more the more of them you build.
+ Wonders take up a tile. Some of them have very strict placing requirements, which makes them feel more like wonders than another building. They also look nice.
+ Government is based around putting Policies into Policy Slots. Lots of customization and ways to react to changing situations.
+ Fighting to be the suzerain of city states feels rewarding.
+ Workers are instant, expendable, and cost more the more you build. I've come to like this over the previous version of "workers take 5 turns to improve a tile."
+ Espionage system can let you do things like steal works of art, cause political upheaval, and change city-state allegiance. Fun stuff in addition to just spying on players and taking their money or research.
+ Tech and Civics boost system rewards particular gameplay actions and almost completely removes the "free tech" problem from goodie huts.
+ Environmental catastrophes keep you on your toes and remind you that you haven't tamed the planet just yet. For extra fun, play on a Primordial map and die to volcanoes.
+ Eras and Era Score are fun ways to reward good gameplay, and Golden/Dark ages actually mean something.
+ Cities no longer need to be built on a coast in order to build ships.
+ Stop using your cities as canals and build Canals instead. (You can still use cities as canals if you want to or haven't researched canals yet.)
+ Natural Wonders are fun to discover and fight over.
+ Christopher Tin (of Civ 4's Baba Yetu fame) composed Sogno di Volare as the theme for Civ 6 and this track is a right banger.

Cons
- AI is dumb. It used to be malicious and dumb but now it's just the average kind of dumb, the kind that doesn't understand how to win because leaders pursue objectives instead of victory. Also still bad at combat.
- A few unpatched (unpatchable?) exploits with trade and pantheons. 50 free settlers turn 35, let's go!
- Civs are unbalanced. This never felt like a big concern for the franchise, but civs with unique districts are obviously top-tier in a way that's not even up for debate.
- The Civilization-themed music loops can get extremely grating for some civs. This is the bad kind of grating where it's an earworm but also bad.
- The cost seems a bit excessive.

Meh
? People mention the cartoony art style for leaders, but what they don't mention is how this clashes with the rather serious tone of the rest of the game. There's a handful of funny quotes, but overall Civ 6 is very serious. I can take or leave the cartoon style, but it seems off-brand and out of place.

Verdict
Of all the Civilization games, this one certainly feels like another one. More wonders, ideas taken from the Endless series 4x games, bad/cheating AI, more civs, everything looks pretty, more mechanics to leverage. If you've never played a Civilization game before, this is a great place to start (but definitely get it on sale). If you're a fan of the series then there are a lot of new mechanics to explore. But if you're in these camps, then you don't need me to say anything about the game. I want to make a point, and the point is that, gameplay changes aside, the Civilization formula has remained the same for decades. There is nothing fundamentally different here that is not in another Civilization game. Nothing that makes me question and nothing that makes me feel. The only story being told is the one you make up for yourself, but it's ultimately the same story every single time. The moment I realized all of this is when I tried the pantheon exploit to gain a large advantage at the start of the game. Some hours later, I paused to ask myself what I was doing. Hitting arbitrary achievement goals. Recapturing enough carbon to lower the global temperature two degrees. Completing my seasteads and offshore wind farms. Renaming my Giant Death Robot "Unit 01" and escorting it with a supply convoy that I've named "Misato Katsuragi." Waiting One More Turn for a certain wonder or building or unit to complete so that I can feel some sense of achievement for raising my Era score. Just a big skinner box of my own creation. Not recommended.
 

A Penguin
231 products in account
7
97 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
946.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2016
Nov 2021 Update:
I've recently gotten back in Civ after installing the New Frontier Pass package. That package adds a lot of additional content and game modes that really round out the experience. I now find this game easy to recommend as there is plenty of content to explore and it can be picked up at a great price when on discounts. I'm not a fan of the new 2K launcher that is now bundled into the installation, but a brief search will quickly find you a solution to that hurdle.

Just a pretty quick review here, more of a "my personal addendum to most other reviews" than an actual review.

Basically, I can't say I disagree with many points for most of the negative reviews currently on Steam. There are certainly some problems, some frustrations and some things just plain lacking. I don't disagree with any other those complaints. Likewise, there are some really cool features in the game that a worth experiencing for yourself.

I find it a hard line to draw between those things that just don't work as I assume they were intended, and those things that are just different from what I'm used to in Civ 5 and I haven't learned to take advantage of yet.

What I'd like to differentiate from all those negative reviews is that I would still recommend this game. There is some fun to be had, and I've enjoyed most of the play time I've spent in-game. Maybe hold off and see what the first major patch brings, but I don't see any reason why someone couldn't buy the game now and enjoy it.

Fall Patch Update:
Some improvements in some areas, but AI is still lacking. Played through a game since the patch, but haven't really noticed any of the changes from the patch notes.
 

strudo76
693 products in account
6
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
75.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2019
I hate to admit it but I was one of those who had put off buying this game in part because I didn't like the cartoony graphics. Yesterday I was looking at a game called Dominions and it hit me like a brick in the head that normally I'm the one getting on my high horse saying "graphics shouldn't matter, it's how the game plays". Needless to say I was soon on the Civ 6 store page again to see how far it had come with the expansions and noticed that now 90% of the reviews in the past 30 days were positive. A few hours later I jumped in blind and was playing it, which leads me to my next point.

I was also concerned after hearing it lacked depth; I'm not sure what it was like before the expansions but I certainly think it has a huge amount to offer now. There's more to it than that though - it's difficult to explain but this game feels a lot more 'organic' in how it plays out compared to the other strategy games I play - for example I love all all Paradox games to bits but they feel more 'clinical' for want of a better word, with the exception of maybe Crusader Kings 2.

Back to the graphics, although I don't think I'll ever get used to way the maps are presented the UI itself is one of the crispest and cleanest I've seen in a while. Furthermore everything just makes sense, I fumbled through to religious victory on Prince simply by doing whatever seemed sensible at the time without the need to look anything up. Now I'm sure some people will be thinking "Oh but you can't do that on harder difficulties" and they would be missing the point entirely... the point is that this game is laid out well enough and is accessible enough to be beaten on default settings by the average Joe - there is no need to spend tonnes of time reading wikis and watching tutorial videos trying to figure out what something does (or how to do it) and that to me is great design.

In short I'm very pleasantly surprised and the game also runs perfectly on a Linux PC.
 

Sneaky_Koala
332 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
232.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2019
What can I say? I don't write reviews often, but I think the negativity towards Civ VI is entirely out of proportion.
Civilization VI is definitely a worthy sequel. It took some getting used to coming from Civilization V and initially I was afraid I might not be able to go back once I did. The truth is that I don't even want to go back now.

Civilization VI isn't perfect, but it improves many flaws from the previous games. There's also lots of new, quite interesting game mechanics that all give the game more depth and make it more interesting. If you're like me and like enjoy diplomacy, you'll love this game. Especially with the DLC. The AI is incredibly reasonable and doesn't suddenly backstab unless there's a proper reason for it (unlike Civ V from my experience).

Gameplay in general is very satisfying, especially with a few mods here and there. All the major Civs in the game are interesting, well balanced and quite fun to play.

My only real point of criticism would probably be the soundtrack. This time around music consists of your Civilization's national anthem (along with certain melodies like in the Ancient era). I do not like this one bit. While yes, e.g. hearing the Kalinka play and change style while playing as Russia really sets the mood, it also gets really old after so many eras, and so do the occasional tribal drum lines. I much prefer a random selection of classical music in various styles based on your Civilization's nationality like in Civilization V, because the current system is hit-and-miss, with it being more miss than hit.

Aside from that, if you're a fan of civilization and its diplomacy, definitely give this one a try! All those negative reviews are undeserved. It's a far better game than some people make it out to be, especially after all these year since release!
 

Marcy
261 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
114.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2021
Its a great game, but after they added the 2K Launcher the game is constantly crashing. Its not possible to play with friends online. One of us needs to restart the game every few minutes. And every few turns the game needs to synchronize again.
Also only problems when trying to join lobbys while having more DLCs active. This worked fine before.

They somehow managed to break the game. 2K can go ♥♥♥ itself. One of the worst publishers.
 

mcSlothalot
695 products in account
0
79 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
135.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
More addictive than crack

Only thing is I wish they made the AI actually smarter on higher difficulties. It feels cheap to basically play against a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with cheat bonuses
 

Joker Gaming - swamp.sv
350 products in account
2
39 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
9,833.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 21
A classic
 

jfisz
1 product in account
0
60 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
86.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2021
please remove the launcher nobody asked for it
 

Elon 'The Rock' Musk
148 products in account
0
386 people found this review helpful
34 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
85.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2020
This is the first game in the series (and I have played them all) that didn't leave me satisfied. I am particularly off-put by the absurdly-priced DLC they continuously offer that adds virtually nothing to the core gameplay; every game I play is the exactly same regardless of what new civilization or mechanic they add to the game so why would I pay the price of a full game for it? And now they are charging $40 for a bunch of random civilizations they plan on adding over the next year? I'm sorry but if you are giving this company that much money for something that should be more in the range of $10...well you must be better off than I am that you don't mind throwing money away. Please stop supporting this company.
 

TheRectinator
216 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,027.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
I highly recommend this excellent retreatment of the Sid Meier's Civilization turn-based strategy classic.

The new Research systems for Technology and Civics are intriguing with their special bonus triggers. The Spying system also is interesting and provides a good 'Risk versus Reward' gambling opportunity. I like the way Great Leaders are earned in a competitive manner and their background biographies are a welcome educational side benefit. World Wonders now are created separately from the City cores and, when completed, are given a special multi-directional foundation-through-final wonder visual presentation.

Once you play Civ VI, am pretty sure you will place this high on your "One More Turn" or "Just 5 More Minutes" list.
 

DerEider
1,081 products in account
6
28 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,274.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2018
Civ VI was honestly the most fun I have had with a Civilization game out of the box. I appreciate that, in terms of gameplay, Firaxis is willing to incorporate and iterate on what newcomers to the 4X genre are bringing to the table (in the form of districts as permanent map improvements).

Here's where the game is the strongest:

City planning - cities, especially your critical first few, feel more meaningful than in any previous installment.

Battlefield strategy - there is a lot of depth to where you place your units.

Aesthetics - visuals aside (personally I love them), the music is better than it's ever been. The average Medieval era theme and onward is as good as the best of the Civ V theme songs for each empire. There are a dozen beautiful and thoughtful arrangements of existing songs in the game. My personal favourite themes in the base game are America (really inspired choice of song), England, China, and Scythia (fun fact: this one's an original composition).
 

artsed
286 products in account
0
398 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
857.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2019
Great game to play by yourself and with friends! The spyware was removed months ago and I have no idea why people haven't updated reviews reflecting this and are still making negative reviews about it. They listened to their fans and removed the program so get over it. Also a TON of fan requested changes like production queue, canals, etc. are coming with this next update.

I will definitely being playing this one for a long time. With great mod support, many strategies, leaders, etc, you've got a game with depth that will last for years to come.
 

RyanCoke
334 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,138.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2018
The base game is a little bit empty. Especially when you are used to the full games of Civ 5 or earlier versions. Combined with the major DLC's it is a beautiful game in my personal opinion. tho the graphics take some time to get use to, it is possible. Minor DLC's only give a few extra Civ's. Overal I would definetly recommend this game. If you want to buy the full game, including DLC's I would however wait for a discount of any sort.
 

Skyder Raleigh
63 products in account
0
491 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
331.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2017
Im a Civ player from the first Hour. Played Civ1 on Amiga 500 and even got the Civ-net Edition for Hotseat games and Lan.

And i really have to say this Civ is the worse Civ i ever played. I totaly wasted my money on this one. The AI is Super Dumb. Another Civ Declared war on you and you conquere one of the enemys Citys and make peace after that and every nation hates you for 2000 Years for beeing a warmonger. Warmongering is such a idiotic feature in this Game there is even a mod for that. Such things should not need a mod! It should be possible to defend yourself without offending the whole world!

The End of Turn takes so long. You can read a book wile playing this game. Other games with much more stuff happening during the turns with more Factions make a AI Turn in secounds. Civ needs some minutes in late game. (With 24gb Ram on SSD and i7 Intel- 7700k)

Different Speed levels are idiotic. It would be cool to reduce the research time and building stay on the same speed as on "normal" so you can actually enjoy every Aera. Like Classic, Industrial a.s.o. I really with i could build a Classic Kingdom with Classic Battles and after i enjoyed that Aera for a wile it moves slowly towards Medieval times and then i can enjoy this Aera.
But no. On marathon everythign is just slower.
So in the time you Build a Knight he is already obsolete because you researched Gunpowder.
On "normal Speed" you research a better Unit type in the time you building 2 Actual Units. But its the same on Marathon. The only difference is that it takes 20 Turns insead of 10.
Game speed levels would make sense if they just slow down the development of the Nations (Research and Cluture) but keep the building speed from "Standard Speed"

Why i didnt give the game back. Well its a Civ Game. You need some hours to find out how it is.
Maybe a ton of mods and spend alot money on several Addons and Civs could make this game fun. But right now. Dont buy it please. You will be frustrated for sure.
 

Shandor
67 products in account
15
88 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
241.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2016
Pro's:
-Plenty of eye candy, didn't even mind the cartoonish civ leaders
-More flexibility for the 1-unit-per-tile rule with the escort and corp/army system
-THE WONDER MOVIES yes! they brought it back from Civ IV... awesomesauce!
-Governments and civic "cards" make it more flexible to govern your civ
-Love the districts and "un-stacking" of cities
-Actually playable with a steam controller (ok, I know I'm probably in the minority, but it's a nice touch that they pre-defined actions that you can map to different buttons)
-Religous war is neat, fight with your apostles / missionaries instead of swords and guns
-Return of city-based happinness, yay!
-Like the re-working of city states so Civs can't just buy them all off
-Loved how trade routes built roads, makes sense really

Neutral:
-Combat: didn't experience much of it (played a cultural game first) but it doesn't seem much changed from Civ 5
-Music is ok, pretty much what you'd expect from Civ

Con's
-Plenty of micro-management: city building selections AND citizen assignment (NO city governors; seriously, I would have thought this would be one of the most requested features), can't automate workers / missionaries
-UI needs improvement: it was not shown how many luxuries were going to a city, just a generic "uncover more luxuries" when you have negative amenities
-The whole amenity system seemed like an unnecessary change... made more sense when it was happy / sad faces
-It was a bit confusing about "envoys" at first because it was hard to see the little arrows to increase them at each city state
-Would have been nice to have something like "trade route" range because I didn't really get how to increase that other than just wait for the modern era
-There are a bit too many notifications, gets overwhelming

Overall, I like it better than Civ 5 with the HUGE caveat of the missing city governors. I would definitely recommend as long as you don't mind some micro-management near the middle-to-late game. Now that I've finished my first game, I probably won't play again until they patch some things.
 

BuddhaBubba
163 products in account
1
34 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
572.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2019
I bought this game at launch, and honestly I’ve been enjoying this game again and again. I play it mainly with my dad or alone and with an active modding community, the game never gets boring. Also the recent dlc have been really good, they each improve the game drastically.

I would personally recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy and 4x games. Though I’d wait for a steam sale so you can get all the dlc with the game for a better price. Since 160 euros is a bit too much for that.

I give the game itself a 9/10 at the time of writing this review.
Graphics: 8/10 (there is a mod for civ V visuals)
Presentation: 9/10
Mechanics: 9/10
Content: 10/10
Gameplay: 9/10
Music: 9/10 (there is a spotify list with all the songs if you want to check that out!)
Bugs: Some crashes if you have a ton of units and cities, but this is only if you run like 40+ civs which is honestly understandable. Other than that it’s bug free.

And some mods I recommend you run;
*Real strategy (AI)
*R. E. D. Modpack
*Steel & Thunder unique units
Note: there is a special RED mod pack for this one.
*Steel & Thunder unit expansion
*Rule with faith
*any leader you think is fun, just scroll through the steam workshop!

I have a ton of respect for the modders in this community and I want to personally try and make some mods myself. There is one more mod I really recommend but I wouldn’t use this in a regular game. The mod is called Anno Domini, it’s an overhaul mod so it changes the whole game and if you want to try a new experience, this is probably the best mod out there for that.

Also for anyone looking to play a fun game of civ with me, just dm me!
 

FayneNL
156 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
146.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2020
I was (and am) a die hard Civ IV fan. But the single-unit, hex-movement and multi-tile city mechanics are too good to go back from. After all the patches this game is excellent.
 

em-cee
130 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2017
Buy this game when there's a sale.If it's not on sale don't buy it and just wait for a sale.
 

Faith.
104 products in account
0
174 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
41.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2018
The AI SUCKS. During the early stages of my first game (playing emperor difficulty), a neighboring nation declared war on me suddenly and for no apparent reason. I built up my defenses expecting an army to attack... they never came. A few turns later i decided to start attacking my opponent. I gathered a few units and was able to conquer the closes enemy city to mine with literally no resistance.... their capital.

Since i really didn't want to deal with war further, I started peace negotiations with my opponent. Can you guess what my rival offered me in exchange for peace? 6 of their 7 remaining cities. This lead to me absolutely dominating the match with almost no challenge whatsoever. When i saw this, my heart sunk because i sensed that something was dreadfully wrong with this game. Yet i kept on playing in hopes that these events were just a fluke. They Weren't.

Almost every match I played after the one described above was plagued with horrible AI decisions and just a lack of challenge or fun. Any challenge the game does provide is a product of the AI being given cheese bonuses rather than making smart or strategic decisions. The whole thing just feels manufactured, fake, and cheap.

I was hoping the DLC would correct these problems. From the reviews I've seen others give that appears to not be the case. Extremely disappointing. A terrible addition to an otherwise great series. Fireaxis should focus less on shoehorning female leaders and more on making a game with functioning AI.
 

4DoorsMoreScores
280 products in account
20
112 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 23

Not Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2020
Please fix multiplayer between Mac and Windows! I am not ale to play with my friends anymore (I am on windows and they are on mac). We all bought the game so we can play together and it is supposed to work but it does not
 

MeerdsBeards
13 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
41.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 25
Product received for free

the best game to play while zoot, you run out of weed by turn 100
 

DrChoppa
3 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
329.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 16
fun game, does take a large time commitment
 

Adjio
8 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
80.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 28
If I was stuck on a deserted island and could bring only 1 game, I might choose this. Only downside is by the time rescue arrived I would only be half way through my round. 10/10 very historical
 

Minestrike
138 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
118.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2021
Similar to coke but with a more additctive effect
 

Pedrospr
200 products in account
0
177 people found this review helpful
223 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2019
Besides smoking (which I quit) and drinking, this is my oldest addiction. Civilization 1, which I played on a Commodore Amiga, and that caused a divorce in my 1st marriage, is what started it. I have played them all. This one isn't civ 5a. It is it's own thing. And I didn't like it at first. But, now that I have forced myself to play it, I have to say it has some substance. I don't agree with the EULA, but what the hell, I'm still going to play it. I love Civilization. Always have, always will. This one is growing on me. Kind of like a fungus, but whatever...
 

Grandpa Bart
54 products in account
0
179 people found this review helpful
131 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
164.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2019
8/10, you know civ 5 is cheaper right?
 

tommy13t101
174 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
754.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2020
200 hours and I dont think ive done anything really, its perfect
 

psycheese
110 products in account
0
113 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,158.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2019
When I bought the Gold Edition I thought it was a full game, then I realized I'm missing Gathering Storm dlc why is it not included to the main game in the first place? it's way too overpriced and makes your company look greedy. Also the A.I. can't fight even on Deity level, for example; they almost never use aircraft and suicide charge with their melee units to my walled city without using a battering ram.
 

DieselWeed
53 products in account
0
114 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
184.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2018
So, it had been a few years since I looked at Civ6, so over the holidays I decided to get the Gathering Storm DLC on sale and give it another go to see if any of the issues I originally despised had been corrected.
Short Ans: I still don't like Civ-6. If you want to enjoy a better version of this game, get Civ 5 on sale.
(Although the unreleased Humankind game does look very good too.)

They have made some minor adjustments and very minor improvements since release, but the game is still slow. The movement and general tasks of this game is atrocious when compared to what you can do Civ-5. Moreover, the learning curve for how things actually work is still significantly higher than Civ-5 and the in-game civ-o-piedia is really worthless. About the only good thing I can say is that they did get some better balancing mechanisms together in a few places then what was originally there. Anyway.. I'll leave my original review below as almost nothing that I wrote then is out of date with the current version now. With the only exception being this: there is a bit more balance on the tile production now versus then. So the districts sucking up resources is still sort of an issue - but only if you don't go online and find the data on how to place them correctly and space your cities correctly (which can be a difficult thing to actually accomplish).

Civ 5 is not perfect by any means, but I still think it is better than this, and there are plenty of active modders still working on it. I'll stick with it from here on out. 2K will not get another dime out of me for Civ6.
OH! I almost forgot - The game still has glitchy-bugs! Its been around since 2016 and they still have menu placement bugs! Are you kidding me? Its more then just that, some units are bugged too. Nothing completely game breaking - but yea, after 4 years and all the updates, you should still expect to see bugs in the program if you buy it. What crap.

[Original Review Below]
At this point in the development of the Civ6 game, I would recommend for those interested in this type of game to purchase Civ5 instead. The basic mechanics of this version need some serious work, in essence it plays you - you do not play it.
Don't get me wrong, there are several things that Civ6 improves upon over Civ5 but many of the great features of Civ5 have been lost or thrown out for whatever reason. These can truely make the game extremely tedious (at best) and utterly frustrating if you are already familar with the mechanics of Civ5 already.

Pros of Civ6 over Civ5:
+Better political game play - definitly a large improvement in working with AI players, better information available on how to play/trade with the AI leaders. Not perfect by any means but an improvement none the less.
+Slightly better graphics - I really did not need better graphics or additional animations from Civ5, but I can appreciate that Civ6 did make some improvements in these areas.

Cons of Civ6 over Civ5:
-Failures of Available Information. Two simple examples: 1-the trade route menu & 2-the help menu. In Civ5, if you wanted to find out what was the best trade route to use next, then you would click on the trade menu and a nice graphic matrix would pop-up and allow you to sort it by all of the different information columns, typically in 3 or 4 clicks I could sort it out in a minute and be on my way. Alternately in Civ6, you have a single long list - no sorting, lots of repeats - it really is an information cluster-f***. To be fair, it looks like there are buttons that should be available for some simple sorting but they don't work (at least in my game) and even if they did, this still would not fufill even 1/2 of the possible options of play. Sometimes when I click on the trade-route menu, nothing shows up at all - so maybe its a bug of some sort, IDK.
The help menu: in Civ5, if there is something in the game you can find it in the help menu - may take a bit, but for the most part it is there. In Civ6 there is a lot of information missing - if you don't have access to the internet, forget about it - you may have to save the game and just try it. But you should be prepared to go back 10 to 15 turns to undo that attempt at learning.
There is just a lot more information available in Civ5 about what your cities and units are doing or costing you, information that you can use to adjust your gameplay and make improvements.
Which leads me to my last major Con: Time to complete. It takes forever to accomplish simple things - This is partially just how the game is but it really seems to me that it is easier to speed things up in Civ5 with the right resources and build options then it is in Civ6.


Some other thoughts on Civ6 deficiencies -
One of the new items in Civ6 is the "stackable" units - they sell this as the ability to create armies, you know, a whole army: infantry, machine gunners, tanks & artillary. Nope. It's not that - It is just a slightly more powerful unit of the same type. Of course, you can't easily determine if this is actually an improvement or not - what is the cost benefit? Can't tell, there is no information available to determine the cost of a 'corps' vs. a 'unit'. But now you have only a shot from that corps instead of two shots from two units.
The Districts. The new concept of building districts around your city instead of buildings in your city is interesting but currently flawed. The failure to provide additional workable tiles around the city (still stuck at 3 tile radius) really makes this difficult in many situations. Especially if you are working with a captured city from an AI player. The AI cities do not play under the same rules, which is fine - until you capture one and have to work with what they left you. At least in Civ5 you could build a settler and then raze the AI city at a later time. That is not an option now. You can choose to raze a city only if you capture it by force, and only at that exact moment.
Also, you cannot move districts. Pick the wrong spot and did not figure it out until later in the game? Tough cookies - your stuck with it now. Want to trade a district from one city to another that the AI built to close? Nope, can't do that silly - why would you want to do that?
City-State Envoys - great concept. Why do they have to all die when an AI player takes over the city-state? Taking with them thousands of years of effort also? Not sure - not happy about it either.

Some other thoughts on the Civ game, in general:
Why can I not buy and sell land? This seems like a perfectly reasonable way to negoiate with neighbors and make sure that we can actually get along? The land tiles are the most important aspect of the game - why is the concept of trading land rights so foreign & unincluded in these games?

Also, why do I need a city to hold on to captured land? I need a city to work the land obviously, but if I capture a city and raze it to the ground, why do I have to give up the land rights? I only need an army to hold on to land, not a city.

Anyway - buy Civ5 at a sale event. Wait a few years for Civ6 to fix itself.
Myself, I am going to learn how to Mod Civ5 with the good parts of Civ6 and then play Civ5.
 

CitricComet
107 products in account
6
52 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
194.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
So the main question most people looking at buying this game would ask is whether or not it is better than Civ 5.
There really is no simple answer to that question but I think to a large extent the answer is yes, here's why:
1. The atmosphere is amazing. At first I thought I would hate the graphics, but since I've been playing they've grown on me (not in a weird fungal way). Yes, they do look less reallistic then Civ 5 (possibly even a little bit cartoonish), but they build an atmosphere for the game in a way that is just as immersive as the realism of Civ 5. The music is great, definitely superior to that of Civ 5 (maybe not as great as Baba Yetu, but then again what is). I also love Sean Bean's voice (no ♥♥♥♥).
2. The city building is far deeper than that of Civ 5, and more strategic. You actually have to plan out how you will use each tile and where you will build improvements. You can't build every single building you want to in each city, and that forces you to specialize each city.
3. The combat is a lot more tactical than in Civ 5. The new movement rules make a large impact on planning out your assaults as well as your defenses. Also bringing back stacking from Civ 4 in a limited way makes you make decisions about where you want to focus your strength. I also love the fact that it takes walls for a city to bombard; it gives you a reason to actually build walls.
4. Each civilization is a lot more deep and it feels like each leader has a personality. I know that agendas are getting a lot of flak right now, but I actually really enjoy them. For example, I fought Gorgo to a standstill early on in one game, and after the war ended we actually became friends because she beleived I had fought honorably. It actually felt like she was acting like the historical figure actually would. Now of course the agendas need some tweaking to make the Ai behave normally but overall I like the agendas. Oh and as a side not Civilizations don't have just one bonus now, they actually have several, which makes each civ a bit more detailed and unique.
5. The early game can be challenging if you aren't prepared. This especially applies to higher difficulty games, where in the early game you will more than likely have to deal with a neighboring civ or barbarians. You actually have to build units early game in order to protect yourself. Now admittely the ai does need to be fixed so it can attack effectively but I will talk more about that later.
6. The eureka and inspiration boosts definitely take each game a different dirrection. The choices you make in game actually effect how your civilization progresses. For example, if you have a very peaceful early game, then chances are you won't be researching stuff like archery or bronze working for a while just because it is easier to go down other routes first. It feels like your experiences in game are actually connected to your technology and culture.
7. I also really like how the civics tree functions. The whole card system feels a lot more fluid than the old social policy system that inevitably came down to going tradition and then rationalism. Again, it feels like you are reacting to your game, not the other way around. I also really enjoy the government types and the bonuses each one gives. The governments actually give you an interesting early and mid game in terms of culture and its bonuses.
8. I know this is a small thing but I really like the fact that there are actually casus belli now and that warmongering penalties increase throughout the ages.
9. Housing should probably go with #2 but I'm kind of lazy so..... I like the realism of being essentialy forced to settle around fresh water. I'm a history nerd so I absolutely love civilizations rising around major waterways like in the neolithic era and there being an emphasis on looking for water sources for new cities.
10. The new and expanded victory types are defintiely a welcome addition. It is good to see that there a bigger benefits for focusing on relgion than there were in Civ 5. I'm also grateful that city states now function differently which has also lead to the removal of the diplomatic victory type, as it was just annoying to see other civs having infinite amounts of gold and overwhelming you with it in Civ 5. Also, I feel like the science victory is more meaningful, as it feels like you aren't just building parts for a spaceship but also trying to settle a new planet.

The list of great changes for Civ 6 could go on and on but I think I got most of the major ones.
Here are the few negative parts of this game that aren't an improvement over Civ 5:
1. The Ai can be a bit wonky at times. It has a very hard time attacking cities properly, even with the overwhelming numbers it always has. The Ai can also have trouble upgrading it's units, although often times this is due to a lack of resources for certain units. However, if you are planning on dominating the world in Civ 6, it isn't actually that much easier than in Civ 5 (not that it was that hard on Civ 5), as the Ai will actually build updated units and it usually has a ton of units so it can be difficult and a bit of a meat grinder to get through them all. The Ai will probably be patched up to working condition within a month, so it really isn't that big of a deal.
2. The Ui could use some amount of improvement, mainly in the way lists are sorted and making it more clear how your amenities are being used. This is relatively minor and will be a rather easy patch or will just require a mod or two to deal with if you are really that OCD.

So in conclusion, while the game isn't perfect, it is already just as, if not more, fun than Civ 5 all while offering a completely different expereince from Civ 5. I see no reason to wait to get the game, as it is already very much a fun and enjoyable experience, even without expansions (which could not be said of Civ 5 on release, despite it now being one of the best strategy games of all time).
 

Badj
86 products in account
4
43 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
289.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2018
I have little to say other than Civ 6 has kept me entertained for now tens of hours and keeps me hooked every time i launch it back up.
While I originally disliked the game at launch, the frequent updates, Rise and Fall expansion and mods have brought the game to a fantastic state. The AI works well (and can be further moded to be harder or easier, to change it's decision patterns etc... ot your liking), the civilizations are all very unique and allow for a good mix of gameplay and frankly the overall experience is most enjoyable! Civ 6 has simplified and streamline lots of micro from Civ 5 and added in tons of planning complexitiy through its districts sytem and adjecency bonuses.
In my mind it's not about comparing Civ 5 and Civ 6 as they are relatively different games but rather admitting that Civ 6 brings soemthing new and fresh to the Civ forumula and it works well hour after hour.

Recommended, especially if like me, you have been putting off Civ 6 due to it's strong design changes from Civ 5.
 

Zularmas
232 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2019
The game's good

If you're a big fan of Civ, get this. If you already have Civ V and just play it casually, this has nothing extremely new

The EULA where 2K "steals your data" reviews only apply to the following


Registration for Online Services, websites, jobs, products, contests, and special events;

Subscribing to newsletters or alerts;

Posting in or commenting on our message boards, forums, news blogs, chat rooms, or other Online Services;

Purchasing a product or services through our online stores;

Purchasing downloadable content, virtual items, or virtual currency for use with our software and/or Online Services;

Using "tell a friend," "email this page," or other E-Card features;

Requesting technical support;

Downloading demos, programs, or other software;

Participating in polls, surveys, and questionnaires; or
 

SirJubs
205 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,249.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2018
A new twist on an age-old classic that has consumed a ridiculous percentage of my living hours; Civ VI does not disappoint, but fails to have that compulsive replay value of it's predecessors.

The Good:

- It's Civ.

- New District system adds a new dynamic by "Borrowing" from other 4x games (coughcoughendlesslegendcoughcough) This forces even veteran players to re-evaluate their city-building stategy. Also, having Wonders consume a tile on the world map adds further strategic dynamics; no more can you have the "ultra-capital" with everything under the sun built in it; you simply don't have the real-estate to have that one perfect city.

-Graphically very attractive; the leaders have great reaction animations and well-executed hybrid style between cartoony and realistic.

- Well balanced civilizations mean there is no single civilization with a clear advantage over others; everyone has a clear gameplay preference but no civ is a hands-down super-power relative to others.

- New builder/worker mechnics and trade / road mechanics have short learning curve but clear balance advantages'; stockpiling workers is no longer feasible given they expire once used. Caravans make their own roads with manual road building a mid-to-late game option.

-Difficulty levels scale more realstically. All difficulties pre-prince are still rather easy to win on. Prince is not overly challenging, but a happy medium. Notably, however, King is no longer excessively difficult. Tiers beyond Prince scale with progressive difficulty rather than being maddengingly egregious, allowing players to inch higher in challenge without rage quitting after 100 turns.

- Separation of Science and Civics and new government system allows for more customization and adaptability as a leader / government.

- The wide assortment of Natural Wonders and their varying benefits are a fun dynamic that makes the map / land grab a bit more intriguing than in previous renditions.

The Bad

- Sean Bean and Ygritte from GoT as narrators get old fast. Leonard Nimoy, they are not. After two playthroughs, I had to turn them off personally.

- Like previous editions, the game has become very DLC focused: you get your stock of half-decent leaders at launch, but the game seems to expect hardcore players to dump another $15 every few months for a small leader pack and a pittance of maps and scenarios. This makes the game better left for 2 years and purchased as a GotY package with expansiosn rather than bought outright; an unfortunate trend amongst many AAA titles that punishes gamers who enjoy casually playing many games as opposed to buying one game and spending all their leisure time on it.

- Religion combat can become tedious. Though the concept of the battles of faith has been given new breath, it is poorly explained and becomes overly tedious to have a barage of apostles and missionaries waging war in your lands and elsewhere. Though the concept of a civilization's religion is not as prevalent and directly impactful on diplomacy as it was in 4 and 5, it becomes a way of having a latent, petty squabble with a rival without declaring all-out war, adding a second method, on top of espionage, in which you can have a "Cold war" with another civilization. My gripe isn't so much with the mechanic itself as it is with the fact that it felt like it needing more explaining and / or fine-tuning.

- For whatever reason that I just can't put my finger on, I dont' feel the need to replay the game like it's pre-decessors. I dont' know if it's the voice-acting of Bean and company or the mechanics, but I have hundreds of hundreds of hours I dumped into the previous games before putting them aside, whereas with Civ VI, I played for about 80 - 90 hours and was happy to put it down.

All in all, not at all a bad game and a very fun to play, but a pricey way to dump your leisure hours and likely not the amount of hours you would expect from previous renditions.

I give it a 9 / 10 on the game itself but only a 7 / 10 on value.

It's just too expensive for a game that lacks that endless hours of engrossing entertainment that I got from the previous editions. Is this simply because of the enormous affection I have for the previous games? Perhaps. But Civ VI just seems to be missing something that keeps me coming back for one more civ, one more turn.
 

InTheGhett0
574 products in account
2
68 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7,298.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2018
EDIT: RED SHELL has been removed. as of 7/19/2018 4pm mst. lets hope it stays that way. will take some time to build that trust again.


hi. over 2k hours played in civ 6, close to 6k hours with civ 5. to the point, even with civ 6's shortcomings, it will eventually grow on you. the "just one more turn" consumption lives on. with time i can say you might even get past the collusive AI, the spam fest religion feature and even AI being able to read past internally what a human can normally. like any civ game, it's only a matter of time before you recognize the script patterns, and become an expert. the art style can take some getting used to for some, for me it does have some charm. i do admire the new district and city place build system. and more. this in and of itself would make civ 6 a game that i would recommend as "buy on sale only" ..

however. that recommendation no longer applies with the injection of Red Shell. not because of what Red Shell does.. but because how Take two/2k and firaxis .. deceptively and quietly, without Opt in or my permission, made Red Shell and my computer fingerprint and analytics now part of the process. not even directing an option for opt out, making it part of the "new" revised eula, and should you not agree with that eula.. locking paid licensees, from the game. to opt out of the process, you have to inquire 2 individual opt outs from Red Shell itself. w.. t.. f..

I paid for civ 6 at release and signed a eula that did not have Red Shell attached. I would not have purchased at release, had i known Red Shell was part of the game, and I would not have purchased had i known Take2/firaxis would add it to the game 2 years later. You are not privilaged to use my information, AT ANY LEVEL, beyond the game purchase itself. I am not paying you, to harvest me.. to increase YOUR bottome line.

been a loyal civ player since civ 1. that loyalty had now ended. i cannot, with clear conscious, recommend even at "on sale price". i always defended the practices of firaxis as a quality and fair developer. no longer. I will however change this review should take two/2k and firaxis show effort to remove Red Shell or offer refund. this abuse and arrogance to its consumer/player base is not accptable.

buy at your own risk and research Red Shell, and what other people feel about it for yourself.
 

OZFugazi
168 products in account
0
113 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
788.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2017
After hundred of hours spent on this game, I finally can't take it anymore and have to leave a review.\

This game SUCKS big time! This game is just too frustrating.

Background: I started this franchise from Civ 5. I always played from Ancient Era and on Emperor/Immortal difficulty.

Reason:
1. The A.I. has no "personality" at all. In Civ 5, you can sorta guess which civ is more aggressive, which civ is more peaceful. In Civ 6, all civilizations will declare surprise war on you, even Gandhi will join a war against you. All A.I. act EXACTLY the same!

2. The barbarian spawn rate is beyond retarded! Early game it's very hard to one-shot barbarian scout. God help you if barbarian spotted your cities, because the barbarian camp will spawn horsemen, horse archers non stop. I once had a game where barbarians had 4 horsemen, 2 horse archers at TURN 30! Even if I had the tech at the start, I don't have to production to produce them so fast! And ♥♥♥♥ you if you say "just build 3 slingers at the start of every game!", you think your 3 slingers can defeat horde of horsemen?

3. Which brings me to this point: every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game I have to go "Animal husbandry -> Archer" route, talk about diversity of build! In Civ 5, I can go Pottery, Sailing or Archery; but in Civ 6 I have to do the same route every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time because the neighbour civ all acts the same and the barbarians are on steroid.

4. The AI Civ's forced preference is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ retarded. Why would Rome hate me for having smaller territories than him? Shouldn't this make him happier because he got more room to expand? Why would France say "I don't like the look of what you've been up to. What would your friends think of this information?" when she denounced me for not having espionage? This makes no sense at all!

5. The pacing of this game feels so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wrong! It takes forever to build a district. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ frustrating when you tried to build a harbor for a coastal city with little wood tiles nearby. The time needed for science/civi research compared to time needed for production just feels so mismatched! I reach Medieval Era when my second city haven't finished its first district!

6. Everything feels so rushed! On higher difficulty, the A.I. almost always finished everything before you. Beliefs, Wonders, Great Persons... You have to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ beeline to your objective. Trying to play a religious Civ and rush for Great Prophet? Good luck not getting spotted by any barbarian scouts!

Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!
 

DarkInsight
145 products in account
3
50 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
159.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
*10/30/16
AI seems to get 'weaker' as time progress towards modern era; they produce fewer units or a lot of weaker units which eventually make the game easier.

*original poem*
Ah some of them said Civ 5 was a terrible game.
They said Civ 4 had it perfect and they shouldn't have changed anything.

Ah some of them said Civ 4 was a terrible game.
They said Civ 3 had it perfect and they shouldn't have changed anything. . .

Some of them demand that with every new release, game has to have new features, be unique, and in every way be better than the previous one.

But do we really go on every day, always making a better decision than we did yesterday?
Game's great. Is it the same as Civ 5 but improved and better?
No. Its got some different approaches but just with the same Civ series' big guideline.

It was well worth using my vacation hour Friday.
 

Ikarus
336 products in account
2
32 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2021
Really cool game, highly recommend to anyone who enjoys slow burn, turn-based strategy games! In comparison to the Civ5 it has a whole new aesthetic and art-style which looks brand new, smooth, and clean. There are some changes in terms of playing features, however, feels more immersive and connected, especially when discussing with other AI civilization leaders in game. With the new addition of leader's agendas, it gives a greater understanding of their motives and personalities when playing and really helps if you want to specifically annoy or remain at peace with specific AI leaders. For older Civ players it can take some getting use to, but doesn't take long to figure out after playing around with it for a bit. Overall, I recommend this game! With the new look and features, it is clean, smooth, and fun to play on your own and with friends!!
 

stephie
71 products in account
0
134 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
871.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2016
I do not recommend this game to players that are new to Civilization games.

Things I like;

1. I love the art style, very simple and easy to your eye.
2. I like the district concept, learning how to optimize your city using district is fun. District will likely make you play again.
3. Barbarians are fun to deal with, they are a challenge even though I would prefer more options to deal with them. Like declaring a joint war against them or actually interacting with their leaders (king beyond the wall).
4. One more turn urge, early eras are fun.
5. Sean Bean doesn't die, at least so far in my game.

Things I hate;
1. Freaking A.I spamming denouncing button on you, after I finish this review, I am going back in the game to nuke every A.I to teach them some manners. You will get denounced for no reason, you build a military to protect yourself? ♥♥♥♥ you I am denouncing you. You dare bring your units to close my borders even though they are in your terrority ♥♥♥♥ you I am denouncing you.
2. Trading with A.I is pointless, I wanted a luxuary resource "Salt", and this******* Tomyris of Scythia wanted 4 luxuary resources of mine plus 100 gold per turn. I mean like what the ♥♥♥♥? I nuked her later
3. A.I can't fight period. Just get close to their city during and they will take off their clothes and give everything to you. Russia declared war on me for no reason, I was scared as I didn't know how much army he had. Turns out he had 2 horses and 1 chariot, 2 warriors. Well it will be understatement if I say I killed them, as I approached to his city with my mumulk (knights) and catapult and archers he ♥♥♥♥ his pants and gave me 300 gold per turn with 3 luxuary resources and the control over the city I was approaching in exchange for peace. Once the peace ended I declared war on him to finish him off.
4. Spying wasn't that fun, maybe I didn't explore that enough. But I would like more depth in espionage, in previous Civ games i remember you could start revolution through espionage, poison city's water supply, and etc etc. I like more options other the current options of stealing funds, art work.
5. Can't trade technologies, can't trade maps, can't trade units (This one i am not sure, because I got no allies, forever alone).
6. A.I spamming missionaries, if I don't have open border deal with them, they shouldn't be in my territory. Tomyris of Scythia has been sending 5-6 missionaries to my territories even though there is no open border deal and they block your units, what the ♥♥♥♥ is that seriously. She had 6 missionaries surrounding my city, I nuked my own terriority in frustration to kill those *******.

There are other things that are frustrating, it is so frustrating that we get our video games like this full of buggs. Shame on you Sid Meier for releasing a game in this condition. Doesn't matter if you patch this game (you better), this is not acceptable. This is total rip off, I don't see how anyone can defend this game. I would give this game a 2/10, is this game unplayable? no it is not. You can play the game but the intended mechanics of the game don't work. The reason why I give 2/10 is because if you are going to charge me premium price for the game then you better have something more than just a playable game.

Just one note on technical issues, I haven't been able to exit the game properly. Everytime I quit the game using "quit to desktop" the game just freezes and I have to mannually restart my PC.

Edit: Thought I add to my review after playing this ♥♥♥♥ game in 2022. The game was ♥♥♥♥ and still is ♥♥♥♥. Cosmetic update from cvi 5. No significant changes. I think they hired inexperienced programmers to code this game because nothing works as intended. Looks good on paper but once again execution is ♥♥♥♥.

Zombie mod - This what happens when you do your assignment at 11:55 pm when it is due at 12:00 AM. Its just more "barbarians" endlessly spawning in your base and just in your base to kill you. They will ignore the barbarians and coordinate attack with them to destroy you. Just like barbarians they spawn out of thin air. It made kinda sense for barbarians to spawn out of thin air but zombies shouldnt be spawning like that especially within your terrority by numbers. And no one was killed which triggered the zombies. I have cleared the surrounding. And it seems they spawn at their fav location near a trader to mess with you.

Heoric age: You go in dark age because you couldnt build enough wonders to satisfy your greedy of bastered population so 1-2 cities will rebel. Makes no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sense. Don't use this option AI gets their city rebelled every ERA because these developers cant code AI. They can't code simple game mechanic correctly so it is unrealistic to expect a working AI

AI: Denouncing still a problem, less of a problem than before but problem indeed. Russai sends army of pedophiles into my terrority, despite me asking him i dont want his stupid religion, leaving me no choice but to declare war. I declare war so I can kill the pedos and save children within my borders. While I am waging war against pedophiles i meet three new civs. One turn later they denounce me. makes no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sense. But anyhow I expected pedos to support pedos so i continue. Some turns later war is ended and children are safe, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who denounced me start requesting to trade with me because they wanted my luxury resources. I think there should be an option to say ♥♥♥♥ you to your AI if they request to trade with you after denouncing you.

AI get advantage for no reason (aka cheating), i am guessing that is the only way developers can compensate for their lack of skills.

Corporation/industry: Another useless addition. No depth, it is laughable at this point how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the developers are.

Custom maps: Another example of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers. They should join a coding boot camp or something to learn how to program. I can't believe that we dont have a working editor at this point of this franchise.

Overall playable game, i didnt experience any crashes but I have a good computer maybe thats why. Considering what they are charging and it is the sixth game, I wouldnt recommend this to new players. if you civ player then you probably already own the game. but if you havent then dont bother.
 

Nizan233
82 products in account
9
70 people found this review helpful
261 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2016
Turn 1 and Barbarians with horses 10/10
 

Nith
118 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
I love this game, even if others don't. Just to be able to lose myself in 16 hour games is a recommend from me, not many games can keep me from getting bored and switching it off for me anymore.
 

Aardvark
416 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
203.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2021
The addiction of the 30-year-old game series has not deteriorated at all over the years.
Sid Meier's Civilization VI is already the best and most flawless part of a great game series anyway. All stages of the game are better balanced than before, there are more progression options than ever and there will be no more monotonous moments.

Civilization VI is to a fault an addictive production. The longer we play, the more interesting it gets. One more turn and one more turn and we can play and play endlessly, and the production is captivating like in the old days. Civ VI resembles the fourth installment, but in comparison to it and other parts, it is distinguished by extensive micromanagement and other elements that greatly diversify the gameplay.
Great music, eye-catching graphics and extensive gameplay that requires constant thinking about what to do in a given turn.
A huge leap forward from average Civ V and the unfortunate Beyond Earth.

Civ VI is still and all a great game. It's a title that never gets old and is just as playable today as it was five years ago. It is perfect, completely absorbing and still has the one more round syndrome.

Pros.
+ Still addicting and complex strategy
+ Clear interface
+ Renewed urban planning
+ Differences between managers.

Cons.
- Too much micromanagement
- The learning curve can be brutal for newcomers.

Civ VI is the biggest, most beautiful and addictive incarnation of the long-running game series.
If you haven't played Civilization yet - it's worth your time by giving the game a chance.
As for whether or not it is better, it is a matter of taste.
8.8/10
 

Creepies
181 products in account
0
126 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
649.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2021
I loved Civ 5 so I had high hopes for this game, but it just feels unfinished; I struggle to believe that anybody play-tested almost anything. It introduced several interesting new mechanics and there's some really good ideas there, but in the state that it's in I just can't recommend this game to anyone.

The pros;

- The map art looks amazing

- natural disasters are fun

- the tech tree, UI, combat and general gameplay mechanics are all on par with civ 5 (although this certainly wasn't the case when the game was released!)

The cons;

-Eternal forest fires that make some maps unplayable

-The secret societies doesn't really work- you basically just get a bunch of free governor titles in the ancient age if they're turned on.

- Some Civs are so broken it's not even funny; Babylon can enter the modern era while everybody else is still in the classical age, Mali can purchase unlimited units for free on certain game modes, etc. etc

-the loading times. Oh dear god, the loading times!

-This game crashes. A lot.

- The character art is fugly and disgusting.

- are you playing on a team with a human player? There's an emergency that will occur occasionally that requires other players to give you as much gold as possible to win. Just pass the gold between yourselves for the next dozen turns; it's a guaranteed win!

- No seriously- it will crash. It's not your fault; it's literally broken code. Good luck finding out which of the 9,723 reasons is responsible for you not being able to finish this game you've spent 12 hours on.

- half of those 12 hours were spent looking at a loading screen. Usually because the game crashed.

- there's a global warming system which causes sea levels to rise. This will break certain maps and cause the game to crash.

-it's still loading

- just buy all of the AI's cities, because you can.

- Still loading... I think? Maybe something's gone wrong again....

- buy all of the AI's great works as well, because you can also do that at almost no cost.

- Oh look- it's finally loaded! Aaaand it crashed and started re-loading again.


I'm pretty sure the devs are done with this game now, so I'm fairly certain this game won't be getting finished, which is a pity because there was so much potential here.
 

MrShineHimDiamond
62 products in account
3
26 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
137.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
i like this game. it a good game with lots of shapes and collors. i also like eating bread with pnut butter and my dogs name is cici
 

Ad@m
104 products in account
0
176 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
714.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2019
I haven't written a lot of reviews for games but I feel like I should for Civ 6 simply because it has mixed reviews and I want to give my (hopefully unbiased) opinion on it.

To start: I'll say that I've only genuinely played the Civilization franchise since 4. I dabbled in 3 as a kid, but you know, I was a kid, and it was a bit beyond me at the time. So a lot of what I expect from the Civilization series is based on that foundation.

Civilization 5 was unfortunately a really big disappointment for me. It did have some redeeming features: the introduction of 1UPT, and the art, were some things I liked right from the get go. Even though I'll say the AI can't really understand 1UPT as well as it could and I think it should be something like a couple of units per tile instead. Regardless, Civ 5 did get some appreciation from me after it's final DLC came out, but it was still always hindered by global happiness and no health.

At least for me.

So while Civ 6 is a pretty big step backwards in the art design (at least with the leaders, I ended up not minding the world art after awhile), it's reintroduction of local happiness and health (in the form of housing) was a huge pleasant surprise to me. I did not expect them to ever go back that way, especially after Beyond Earth was released with just health (which was essentially global happiness reskinned).

It's also easily the most feature complete release the game has had: with spies and religion making the cut for the vanilla game. On top of this the things it does add such as: the government card system, the "army" stuff, the culture research tree, and districts, are all pretty solid in my opinion. Admittedly I was hoping districts was going to function more like Endless Legend, where you'd grow your city out from the core, and then you could specialize them, but still it's a nice change of pace having more things moved away from the core of the city. Not just nice because it adds a bit of depth and thinking when building and conducting warfare, but also satisfies one of my gripes with the older games, where when founding a new city you basically had a ton of buildings to build in the core city, all the way from the very first age. Although this is still largely a thing, it's at least lampshaded somewhat.

I'll end by saying that it seems that what a lot of people complain about with this game (namely the AI) is a thing that has been an issue since at least Civ 4. The AI could handle themselves better in 4 because the armies were stacks and there wasn't a lot of depth required behind warfare, but even if 4 didn't have the same diplomacy issues, they were definitely present in 5.

That's not me saying it's excusable or not a negative for 6, it is, and it seems like the developers at least know this and are working on it. That's just me saying, compared to 5, 6 only really shares similar faults, but blows 5 away in its added features or changes.

I hope this review was at least helpful to someone. Much love.
 

SerWind
737 products in account
0
290 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
562.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2017
EDIT: After playing for several hundred more hours, I can still say I would not recommend this game. Literally every run comes down to mere chance, and it's clear this game is being abandoned now that NFP comes to a close and the main team has moved to something not yet named. What's still broken? Diplomacy, early wars, BARBARIANS. How could they have screwed up barbarians so badly? It's not uncommon to lose a game because of barbarians - I just witnessed twenty swarm my land from all sides, some carrying a battering ram along with them. Yeah, because that's real fun on Deity when all the other Civs then declare war on you for no reason.

If you don't believe the fact that this game is abandoned, look to the World Congress. After years, it is still the most disappointing system ever introduced to the franchise. You can't propose what you want. You have virtually no control over anything because the AI always votes against you. And don't even try to figure out what you're doing - it's the most cryptic thing ever.

Civ VI is doomed, and despite being a financial success, it is nothing but a time sink. Get Civ V. Or Civ IV. Nothing in this game is actually worth your money.

------

I didn't want to do this. I really, really didn't want to do this.

I pre-ordered Civ VI and was, admittedly, always skeptical about the release. The trailer, which was popularized almost immediately, worried me. Where was the game footage? Where was the story? Where was the beauty that had become synonymous with the series?

When the first screenshots came out, many people's worries were realized. And you have to ask, what effect can graphics really have on games? Certainly, there's genres that can be cartoony and be smashing successes. But doing the same for a historical-strategical game was a bold, bold move. The consequence, was simple: Civ VI lacks the same draw, the same lure and power that the other editions had. Though I have only 100 hours, I played enough to realize that I can't play any more. It's hard to imagine and immerse yourself in a game where everything has a joking, cartoon aspect to it. I want to build my empire from the ground- that's the feeling most of us had when we were introduced to Civilization. I feel like, now, the game is all about trying to impress me with things I don't necessarily care about. Sure, the cities look nice. But wouldn't it be nicer if I could pan across the world without my eyes bleeding, and I could conduct trade deals with leaders that look realistic and not made to be preposterous?

The art style leads into a whole range of other development issues that I find concerning and worrisome. The military system is a disaster. Airforces have been effectively removed from the game with the introduction of districts. The cost to build their respective tile, in addition to the abhorrent production cost of literally everything, makes them useless. I still cannot figure out how to properly attack a city. Is it really that complicated, when I have strong units and my enemy has literally none? Granted, I have been able to win conquests before- but only while the AI was technologically crippled, which makes the feeling and strategy of fighting wars absolutely diminish.

Foreign relations make no sense and are always unfavorable. Though patches have been made to make the AI more friendly, it still doesn't feel right, like Civ V. In Civ V, you felt fully in control of your relationship. This was a necessary thing: you, again, felt as if you managed your country and their policies. In Civ VI, you feel helpless. Isolated on a world to yourself, which you continuously press next turn to escape.

The changes made to make the game more immersive do so, but only on the turn they're implemented. Simply, there's set objectives you have to achieve, and they stay standard across each game. Deity is, essentially, an early-game rushfest. Of course, there are other ways to tackle it- but that's what gets me the most, more than anything. Civ VI ostracizes players that loved the series for what it was: a fun, simulation-strategy game, where your goal was to create the most well-rounded and prosperous empire on the planet.

It was never about abusing strategies. It was never about clicking endlessly and hoping for something to happen. YOU made things happen. With Civ VI, I always leave my games feeling empty, yet sad. As much as it pains me, the future of Civ VI is increasingly bleak. So many things are already cemented for it that it would need a massive overhaul to revamp.

If you are new to the series and are intrigued by this edition, by all means, purchase it. You have an interest and it's certainly still a Civilization game at the core. If you come from V, stay there. It says a lot in the fact that V has substantially more players than VI.
 

Slavaskii
47 products in account
8
359 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
123.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2017
Until the AI is fixed you're better off playing Civ V.
 

rob9son
571 products in account
5
162 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
109.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2017
There are many things wrong with this game (civ balance, too much micro-management, bad AI, etc.) but it really comes down to it being the most boring Civ game I've ever played.

Beyond Earth was the first mistake and now this is the second. Firaxis has lost 'must buy' status in my book.
 

kaner13
1,038 products in account
7
99 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2018
Uninstalled. Read up on Red Shell if you're considering installing or have already installed this game. Not cool. Won't be buying any more from this publisher if they're going to bundle software without declaring it. Shows complete disrepect for their userbase.
 

knowledgetomorrow
16 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
3,350.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2016
EDIT: 5 years later, a lot more DLC, and 2,000 more hours and I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. Of course I recommend it with ALL the DLC. I can now firmly say this is my favorite Civ game. Trying to play Civ V these days I get bored very quickly. There just isn't nearly the amount of content that Civ VI has to offer.

2016 Review:
It's a decent game. Not great...yet. Keep in mind that I have almost 1,400 hours in Civ V, so I may be a wee bit biased. I just finished my first playthrough of Civ VI. I played on Prince difficulty and specifically focused on growing my cities, optimizing districts, and investigating the Tech and Culture trees. Out of nowhere, without even trying at all, I won a cultural victory. I don't understand the Tourism mechanics yet, so I barely paid any attention to it throughout the game. Obviously neither did the AI. I played as Gorgo who has a unique Theater district which I built early so MAYBE that had to do with it. I had a few policies in the beginning that got me Great Writers, put the works in the slots, and around year 1800 I got a policy that gave me +100% Tourism. Boom. GG everybody.

So let's start with the good:
-The graphics are bright and pleasant and the leader screens are really beautifully animated. Just incredible character work went into these leaders.
-The sound effects and music are very nice and atmospheric (though not as good as Civ V)
-The culture and tech Eureka bonuses provide a whole new level of strategy and planning. Early planning will definitely have huge optimizing effects down the line if you know what you're doing.
-Barbarians are a much greater threat in the early game, which is great. This allows you to farm experience and build an army to use against your neighbors if you want.
-City State bonuses are fantastic and very well explained. Maintaining allied status with specific City States that suit the Victory condition you're aiming for will be very worth while.
-I love the new policy system. Being able to change your government and swap out your policies is a very gratifying level of management.
-I like the district system well enough, though I don't think I planned my districts optimally. They take a lot of time to build and production seems really hard to get in this game. Maybe it was my start.
-Religion is more complex, but not well explained. I'll check the Civilopedia to better understand it.
-All in all the game succeeds in providing that addictive "One More Turn" feeling that we all expect from Civ.

The Bad (There's a lot):
-Bad programming! I did a standard map size with 6 Civs I think. One of the AIs was my same Civ! When there's 19 to choose from! Come on!
-Fewer options. Not even an Earth map! That's a Civ standard!
-The new movement system is just frustrating and makes the early game drag out way too long. You really can't chase down barbarians because the damn Terrain is just too difficult to traverse.
-The UI sucks. It provides both too much information and too little. For instance, you keep building these improvements for your districts, but there is no way that I can tell to check if they actually improve your yields! You can;t seem to easily check the yields on either your districts or Wonders! And they removed the City Screen completely! Instead of having one nice informative screen that tells you what your City is doing, they make you click through small icons at the bottom of the UI that are a pain to work through.
-AI seems pretty weak. The only Victory they seemed to be aiming for was Religious (though they were very aggressive with that). Otherwise they completely left me alone.Never declared war. Never sent a spy. Nothing.
-The Amenity system. Ugh. I don't know why Happiness got such a bad rap. It was much better and more strategic than this mechanic. With Global Happiness you had to consider very carefully whether or not to start new cities or start wars. With Civ VI it's just a pain to keep ammenities rolling in, and it requires the very expensive Entertainment distrct.
-City growth...maybe I was not playing well but it seemed really difficult to grow my cities and get enough production to feel like I was truly progressing. I seemed to always be hitting a ceiling and could not figure out how to optimize my cities even with fully loaded districts and trade routes. Gold was the only thing that seemed easy to grow.
-As bogged down as I felt, I was light years ahead of the AI! They don;t seem to have any good strategies for city growth or scientific advancement. I feel like the AI does not know how to take advantage of the Eureka boosts. I know I was playing on a low difficulty but some of the AIs were still stuck in the Rennaissance by the time I hit the Modern Era. I never felt remotely challenged.
-Buggy. I have opened this game 4 times. I have had to force close it twice.
-This is a small complaint, but the cultural borders are straight lines and hard angles that hug the hexed map. Remember in Civ V and IV they were nice organic curves that grew and changed as your culture expanded. It was way mroe immersive and dynamic.
-The art style makes the map cluttered and chaotic. It is much harder to keep track of your units and way easier to click on the wrong thing which just makes gameplay less fluid and enjoyable.
-Overall, even though there are a lot of new complexities added to this franchise, the game somehow feels more hollow than its predecessors.I don;t know what to say, it just doesnt feel as satisfying to play as any of the Civs before it.

With all that said, I will keep playing it. I bought the $ 80 Digital Deluxe version, so I am expecting the game to vastly improve with expansions and updates. It just seems like what is there is not tuned well enough to expand on yet. The game needs serious tweaking, and frankly I will not be uninstalling Civ V anytime soon. And because of that I cannot recommend this game to seasoned Civ fans like myself.
 

ScimmiaDiMorte
231 products in account
11
45 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
402.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2020
Buy this game

I don't think I've ever reviewed a game before, so this will probably be a not-so good review.

I currently sit upon 175 hours of playtime (Plus about 50h, before I had it on Steam, I aquired it for free if you know what I mean) and I have purchased every DLC. I'm going to start with the negatives first, because even though I absolutely love this game it still has it's flaws.

NEGATIVE:
* Pricing. It is a point that many people before me have brought up, and many people will after me.
It is absolutely insane how expensive this gets when buying all additional content. I hope that this is something that we will not see more of in future titles.

* Dialogue, or lack thereof.
I have only played Civ V and Civ VI, and one thing I cherished from Civ V is the recorded voice lines everytime a Civ talked to you. Also the text dialogue gets repetetive quick.

* World Congress.
An aspect I certainly miss from Civ V is the ability to "down vote" a resolution.
And also Embargo.
I feel that there is certainly a shortage of fun resolutions.

*Grievances and Denouncing
This is an amazing addition to the game, however, many a times have I had a Surprise War declared on me, and I believe it is then my right to exterminate that civ. So I do. Aaaand get 150 grievances against me from every civ. Then denounced. Then war.

I think that sums up the negatives for me personally.
This game is amazing fun, and you easily lose track of time.
Having to plan out your cities or your warfare while keeping citizens safe and happy is the key concept and something that everybody does different.
I would definitely say that I prefer this art and graphic style over Civ 5's but that's just me.

I play with mods and cheats, because no game is ever good enough for me without me being able to act a God, and getting to play the game my way and my rules just adds to the fun.
Civ 6 Vanilla is something I rarely play but when I do I get my ass handed to me. But it's still fun.

Like I said, this is my first review so I apologize that it's not very good.

To Summarize; Buy this game. Be it on sale or not, it's extremely fun and you completely lose track of your surroundings. You probably wont regret it, unless you have commitment issues. 'Cause you gotta commit to this game.



 

beesechurger
57 products in account
0
162 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
97.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2017
Iv'e been playing Civilization since Civ2. The series seems to get more shallow as they go along. First there was sacrifices made to increase playability for multiplayer, then recycling content to continue producing expansion packs, now to broaden the playerbase there has been too much simplification that takes the fun out of managing your civilization. It's starting to feel like Civilization Revolution which is very unfortunate. All of this has ruined one of the greatest aspects of the game; replayability. Returning depth to the managment aspect would increase the quality of Civilization by a lot.
 

tallthomas07
66 products in account
4
89 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
95.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Personally, i prefer Civ 6 and all the new content that it adds. It makes it way better than Civ 5 but the only problem i have come across is the AI mechanics and how they dont follow their own focuses. Thats my only compliant>