SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
3,510 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 200

Recommended
102.3 hrs on record
Posted: 16 February
Been here since day 1, and I am someone who came from the PS4 version of the game. This has been quite the journey from its horrendous launch to where we are today. Ever since launch I have enjoyed the game, though I do acknowledge that it is completely unacceptable how this game launched, and no video game should launch how Cyberpunk 2077 did. I'd say that this game has been "playable" since its 1.3 updates, but it wasn't in a state where I could fully recommended this game to others due to it still being in a worst state than early day Skyrim or the likes. Now here we are, the 1.5 relaunch update has brought us the "next gen" update to the game. Whatever you want to actually call this update, it brings the soft overhaul to the game in terms of stability and actual feature and mechanics rebalance to make the game far better in its design, and thus making it feel better to play, along with its far improved stability. The game is now at a state where I could fully recommend it.

The game is still far from being perfect, as certain play styles far outclass other play styles in terms of combat, especially melee combat, as its still pretty stiff and a bit of a button masher at times. Content still feels weirdly distributed around the map with some areas being far more dense in terms of content than others. Any other complaints I have would just be nitpicking at the game really.

There is a lot to like about this game. The characters do feel genuine in who they are and what roles they play. The combat and stealth in most areas feels good or great mechanically and in execution. Traversing the world is never really a chore, given the amount of different vehicle types, the large number of fast travel locations, and general movement speed when on the ground thanks to the not terrible stamina amount you have along with the very basic parkour system you get access to. The decent variation in quests has a mix of combat, detective work, or even stealth retrieval, sometimes a multiple of styles. Depending on which skill tree you spec in, it actually changes a lot of how you approach each quest. You can go in stealthy, or go in guns blazing or fist swingin' if the quest allows for it. The driving was alright before the 1.5 update, but it is now incredible how much better it feels to control in the 1.5 update given the new types of driving options you have. There is a large variety of cars and motorbikes you can obtain too, and you don't even need to buy any to have good options. You can good a good selection of vehicles by just doing the main campaign.

I really genuinely like this game, a lot. It is far from perfect, but it is really fun to play. If you were unsure about the game before, but were thinking about jumping in with this update coming out, you should play it. I highly recommend the game now. It is a lot of fun, and is now in a far more acceptable state now.
 

Zach Beezer
125 products in account
53
19,563 people found this review helpful
1,214 people found this review funny 2,128

Recommended
131.4 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2020
DOWNLOAD THE NVIDIA GAME READY DRIVERS FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
I crashed like twice but didn't have a problem after I got the new game ready drivers. I'm literally making this review as a reminder. Had a blast so far but jesus guys, update your nvidia drivers.

ULTRA EDIT:
A Flawed but Fun Experience

I might as well actually review this game in its current state considering the attention this got, while I have not finished it I feel I have experienced enough of the core mechanics to formulate an accurate opinion at least on the gameplay.

It is a Witcher 3 reskin with a cyberpunk setting, considering that Witcher 3 was amazing (and I still have yet to get through it entirely) it does translate. Narratively this game excels, the dialogue is well written and acted and the characters are hard to not fall in love with. Walking around the world is exhilarating although unengaging, it is lacking interactivity. That being said the gameplay itself is a lot of fun. The guns pack a huge punch, very satisfying to use. The melee with katanas specifically is fun but broken, I did a body and reflex melee build and was able to behead TONS of foes before they even had time to react. The game is unfortunately plagued with bugs, less severe bugs especially after the recent hotfix but there are a myriad of small immersion raping bugs that pop up here and there Bethesda style.

Ultimately I invest in player agency/good writing and fun gameplay at the end of the day, the graphics are important but less so. The decision-making of Witcher is here and that's really what I like the most HOWEVER this game was clearly not ready and considering recent events with the dev I will be hard pressed to trust them again. This is an incredibly bad launch.

All of that being said, if you're the type that is a fan of Deus Ex, Dishonored, or Fallout: New Vegas you will love this game warts and all just for the godlike quest design those and this game offer. Plenty of skill check dialogue to be found. Suffice to say that I have had a good amount of "That actually worked?!?" moments so far which is a really hard feeling to nail down with games like this, you usually only get that out of CRPGs like Age of Decadence or Divinity, etc. At the same time I do not judge anyone that refunds this game or waits for a more stable version to come out because CD PROJEKT RED really dropped the ball and should not have released the game in this state.

In conclusion, this game is mostly what I expected it to be and it is a shame that people expected this game to be the second coming of Jesus. I was banking on the decision making and quest design and this game delivers on those fronts. Everything else though, it does fail here and there but, in my opinion, not enough to make the game genuinely bad. If I had to give it a score out of ten it would be a solid 8/10. Hopefully CD PROJEKT RED can iron out all of these problems in a timely manner and elevate its standing.

Also driving anything is just plain awful, it depends on what you're driving but in my opinion it should just be the same for whatever you're driving but I'm just talking out of my ass at this point.
 
A developer has responded to this review

ᚠᛚᛁᛈᛈᛁᛏᚤᛞᛁ
1,320 products in account
0
4,285 people found this review helpful
6,029 people found this review funny 580

Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: 25 December, 2021
Unlike CDPR, I finished the game.
 

Ronin
126 products in account
41
1,863 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 59

Recommended
261.0 hrs on record
Posted: 20 February
Patch 1.5 made the game what it should have been when it released. I've done three playthroughs, one when it came out, one after a patch a few months ago, and one now.

Patch 1.5 has been the least buggy that I've ever played the game. There's more content, and more features.

You should never forget that CDPR sold us a buggy, broken game. That features are still incredibly shallow and nothing of what we were initially promised.

But that aside, Cyberpunk 2077 is still a story, and a world, worth experiencing. I'd get it on sale(it seems to be on sale for a pretty deep discount very often) and not pay full price, but it is still worth getting.

Characters worth meeting, a game worth playing, and a story worth experiencing. Definitely one I'd say you should pick up when the price is right for you.
 

Slywyn
203 products in account
33
2,909 people found this review helpful
99 people found this review funny 562

Recommended
36.0 hrs on record
Posted: 2 August, 2021
So I am over 60 years old and fairly new to gaming in general. Jumping from World of Warships (fairly new at that also) to this gives you an idea. Before this it had been many years since playing ANY games. So, I am floored by this game. To me its amazing. Now I set the combat at an easy level and I bumble around in here and am in no hurry. I explore around sometimes doing nothing but looking around. I have gone through a fair amount of the story line - again - its all amazing to me. In short I love it. I now am branching to more games, as I find I enjoy playing more then one game at a time. I love the characters of this game, the visuals of it, and have no complaints. Occasionally I run across a very minor glitch of getting stuck or something, but this does not bother me. I do not expect perfection. But I want to emphasize this is very rare. Well done to the developers of this game.
 

Fel.Augustine
33 products in account
87
1,038 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 34

Recommended
159.1 hrs on record
Posted: 19 February
Patch 1.5 fixed everything for me.
The quests make more sense.
The fixers make more sense.
The map and mini map make more sense.
The driving is a lot more fun.
Throwing knives and a katana were something I never knew I needed.
The city feels a little bit more alive.
The voice acting was always great, but now the npc facial expressions flow more with the dialogue. Like, Judy actually rolled her eyes at me in a believable way.
Played for hours without having to reload or crash because of a glitch.
It's all I want to play. It cured (replaced) my Skyrim addiction.
 

a_swan
176 products in account
0
7,010 people found this review helpful
393 people found this review funny 681

Recommended
179.3 hrs on record
Posted: 12 December, 2020
Although its buggy and feels poorly optimized, I still sunk 40 hours into the game just doing side missions without even trying. The game has its issues sure, but the game itself certainly is something special worth at the bare minimum open mindedness that CDPR will address the issues in a timely manner, as they did for The Witcher 3 on release as well. Remember Roach the roof horse?
 

Beepis Boi
52 products in account
0
11,325 people found this review helpful
215 people found this review funny 822

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: 8 March, 2021
Everyone complained about the bugs and glitches but the real problems are that the game's systems are terribly outdated. People were promised a next-gen experience. I've played games from a decade ago that have better open worlds then this.

- Police appear out of nowhere.
- Police are amazingly easy to escape. You can walk a block away and lose them.
- Civilian NPC's appear and disappear when you're not looking.
- The A.I. is alot my artificial then intelligent. The only reaction they ever have is to duck or completely disappear in thin air.
- The A.I. is basically on rails; they will not drive or walk around anything you put in front of them, they'll just stop and sit there for eternity.
- The world doesn't actually feel alive (no random encounters). NPC enemies spawn in the exact same place every single time without fail.
- Bars and food are exactly the same vendor with a different coat of paint. No matter where you go you can't sit down and eat something, or sit and enjoy a virtual drink (unless it's a talking-scene tied to a quest).
- You can't interact with shop keepers beyond buying something or receiving maybe two lines of chit-chat. You can't rob them. You can't kill them. You can't get quests from them. They won't even react if you lob a grenade at them.
- The "car chases" are on rails and there's only 3-4 prescripted car chases in the game.
- Only 2% of "choices" your character makes in dialogue has any effect on the story. The rest are just alternate dialogue to give the appearance of choice and replayability.
- Character starting paths (Street kid, Nomad, Corpo) have little to no affect beyond the first 20 minutes of the game and simple dialogue changes.
- Player characters have no reflection unless you use the specific mirror located in your apartment.
- You can't alter the look of your character after the initial character creation. Not even a haircut.
- Can't customize your apartment in any way, shape, or form.
- There's almost no reason to ever go back to your apartment after being there the first time.
- Vehicles can't be customized; no new paints, liveries, or body-pieces.
- There are 4 mini-games total: Hacking, shooting-range, boxing, and car racing. There are only two shooting-range quests, only 6 boxing matches, and only 4 races. That's it as far as mini-games go.

You can fix bugs but unless CD somehow improves the lack-luster world and experience they created, I can't recommend this game to anyone.
 

Fancy Toothpaste
430 products in account
0
662 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 27

Recommended
174.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 December, 2020
Whether you want to be a vigilante, a pig killer, or you just want to drive your motor around and using walking civilians as a ramp, Night City has it all...

I am writing this review on November 22nd, 2021 after the 1.31 patch

This game didn't have a good start, did it? But for the biggest part, it's all fixed now.
There are still some bugs, but in most cases they are just visual.
To be honest they are quite ridiculously funny. Imagine driving alongside a character and then you witness the character start spinning to 360 degrees its limbs around like it was possessed by some demon.
In a way CP2077 became family for me, you know? You somewhat hate some of your relatives but you still love them in another way, right? Well that's CP2077 for me.
What do we know? CP2077 is just too ahead of it's time, in the future when we will have implants real life, the entire world will be buggy and glitchy. This game is just immersive!


It took me some few good hours to learn to love the game, and i would say, i am very happy i didn't give up on it.

For the sake of not wasting much of your time with this review i will start with the bad

As i said above, as far as bugs go, it's pretty stable and i didn't really encounter anything that was major.
Obviously, people are different so this is purely my opinion, but i don't like how the car driving feels in this game, it feels too.. stiff and unnatural, it might be just me because i am used to old-school car driving, let's say GTA 3/NFS (anything before NFS 5 - Porsche).
Driving a bike on the other hand is amazing, it's what i use most of the times.

- Another thing that is somewhat annoying, the waypointing system is somewhat bad, the routes you get aren't the most efficient ones, and often your objective isn't appearing on the 'floor' it really is, so you end up searching for something and then realize it might be in some hidden basement or something.
- The UI seems to be a bit cluttered and confusing and it takes a bit to get used to, or maybe i am just getting old, but i feel like there's no point in over-complicating things.
- The overall mechanics or however you want to call them feel somewhat mediocre, but it's fine by me, the game compensates with other stuff.
- You cannot edit your facial/body features/tattoos. Once you press that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ button. That's how you'll be stuck for life.

One more thing, and this probably was my biggest 'oof' about the game was that the assault rifles are pretty awful.
Pistols? Good! Revolvers? Great! Sniper Rifles and Melee Weapons? Amazing!, but the assault rifles are just bad and inefficient. Even shotguns are decent.

But what about the good parts?

While this section might have less of these bulletpoints, they're the pillar of this game, the ultimate moneyshot.

The world is so big you will feel like frog in the Ural mountains, you will feel so small.It's quite an interesting feeling that i could never get from any game before, for me this thing made the game so much more immersive.
It's a beautiful game with purely astonishing views, amazing world details and such, but the size of it all, too.
So many streets, alleys, not to mention if you go climbing like a goat on all the buildings.
In my opinion, if you're into walking simulators, this alone could be worth your eddies (i.e. money).

The story is more than decent, it avoids some of the most boring cliches, although, it's not anything mindblowing.
Friendships and relationships come and go in odd ways, depending on how you make your decisions, i think it's pretty rare to actually feel like your decisions really affect people in games. To feel like you're actually influence someone real.
Often when i had to make decisions i was encountering dillemas such as 'Hm, c'mon, this dude is a decent fella, i shouldn't be a ♥♥♥♥ to him', and well, i usually don't overthink that kind of stuff in a game, lol.

The game is a modder's paradise if you're into that, the internet is full of tutorials and content, they aren't very finicky to install, however, updates usually tend to mess with them.

Did i mention side gigs? There's plenty of them, but also random events happening around as you walk, such as groups of gang members commiting dumb stuff. Obviously you can go past them, but would you? After this game will suck you in, you won't be able to stop sinking hours in it.
While we're on this subject, my advice would be to not rush into the story (I kinda did and i am not very happy about it), and enjoy some of these side stuff first, besides leveling up and getting cool stuff which will aid you in the main missions later, it's also the best way to get to know the game.

There's so many references and easter eggs, some subtle, some not so subtle, especially if you're from Eastern Europe.

You can play the game any way you want. You can go the boring route, non-lethal and stealthy, or you can go in guns blazing, and not leave one single cell in an enemy's body alive. Of course, a combination between all of these options is also a possibility, but i like to keep it simple.
I do wish it was more fun to play in stealth. While i usually am not the stealthy kind of gamer, i can and do appreciate a game with good stealth. CP2077 doesn't have a good nor bad stealth, it's just.. average, i guess?
(With this, i mean purely by how it feels for me to play it in stealth. You do get to be very creative in stealth, you have interesting ways to mess with the enemies and distract them, but the 'satisfaction' just isn't there for me)

Ultimately, it's a game that will suck you in, you will have fun for hours, the world is purely amazing, you'll feel like 'Woah' all the time.

Closing notes and random useless blabbering

I initially bought this game on pre-order, i was angry about the delays, before i got the chance to play it at the release, my PC died. Now after 1 year i finally get to play it (I know it's better that i didn't play it at launch, but it's about the principle).
I am happy with my purchase, and for the price i paid (one night out in the city ), i had and still have a lot of fun, even if i already saw 2 endings, i am not letting my grip of it, i don't even remember when i was so caught in a game that i played it without a break until the sun was rising.
Probably i will go for full completion. 60h in this game passed so fast, and there's still plenty of juice in this baby.

As far as the developers go... I know they got a lot of poo thrown at them, but they're people and they make mistakes, and they weren't lazy. I would say things went wrong because of the team leading/resource management, but that's another subject and quite irrelevant.
Point is.. their hearts are in the right place, and they fixed a majority of issues, and they still are working on the game.
Maybe i am being too soft about the situation, but it is what it is, i can't say i am not disappointed because it's not how i expected the game to be after how it was marketed pre-release, but i also like to believe i have some common sense and ability to make the best out of situations.

Edit:
After putting around 150h in this game, i must say, there were few more bugs i encountered, but nothing major, except, i once fell through the map and the game reloaded from the last checkpoint.

V stands for Vendetta, for Vigilantism, for Vanity, for . It stands for anything your heart VVants.
 

sfarog [m0rph]
4,857 products in account
0
1,976 people found this review helpful
182 people found this review funny 183

Recommended
49.9 hrs on record
Posted: 29 January
I know what you're thinking. Like me, you probably see this on a sale, and think it's gone down in price, it was a hot topic a while ago, and maybe you should take advantage of the opportunity that you see before you and pick it up while you have the chance. It's been out for a while, and they've probably cleared out most of the bugs by now, and it's *probably* a pretty good game at this point.

It is. Kind of. You'll probably be able to make it through the main story, and a few of the most important side quests relatively bug free. The story is great. I think it's partially worth it on story alone. But because of that, you'll be longing for more. You'll keep seeing it in your steam library a month or two later, and feel guilty that you haven't picked it back up again. But you'll know that as soon as you do, you will continually be disappointed.

It feels unfinished outside of the main story. There's content there, but it gets repetitive really quickly. There are tons of opportunities to buy new vehicles, and do more side gigs. But half of the time spent playing the game outside of the main story arc is spent searching through articles and forum posts about how to get an event to trigger that you missed, or to hack your way around an issue here or there. Mission events that are totally out of your control like waiting for a phone call just don't happen. And the worst part is, yes, you can get it to work. You can *technically* play everything that exists in the game in its current state. But eventually the workarounds will become too cumbersome. You'll let it sit on your recently played list for a while, until the next sale, when you can replace it with something better.

I'm just here to tell you that when this time inevitably comes, it's okay to let it go. You had a great run, but there's no shame in uninstalling. Just be sure to remember all of the good times that you had together.
 

GrenadeMoose
586 products in account
0
2,758 people found this review helpful
56 people found this review funny 217

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
if you have an RTX card turn on DLSS. helps out performance a lot :)

EDIT: also turn Cascaded Shadows Resolution down to either medium or low for a nice boost.
 

Suspence
2,283 products in account
0
4,788 people found this review helpful
112 people found this review funny 213

Recommended
29.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
I love this game but games needs to be optimized and fix glitches
 

Nautilus625
25 products in account
0
388 people found this review helpful
125 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
127.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 13
Add Lucy in your new DLC or Adam Smasher will have sex with CDPR CEO
 

HK416
506 products in account
15
12,737 people found this review helpful
8,745 people found this review funny 2,639

Recommended
422.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
Just remember:
Angel is a dude.
Skye is a chick.
😃
 
A developer has responded to this review

Game Over, Suka!
331 products in account
543
6,801 people found this review helpful
2,372 people found this review funny 520

Not Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2021
im a clown for pre ordering this
 

Rysch
55 products in account
0
3,559 people found this review helpful
97 people found this review funny 258

Recommended
148.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Great game but it needs polishing.
As the one who was sceptical about this game, for everyone who are still willing to buy it I will definitely advise to wait a bit. Trust me, I am not the one who scares everyone away, on the contrary, the game is great and worth buying it! BUT everyone who knows the situation will agree that it needs polishing. It's sad, that thanks to some people, developers had to publish this game earlier. I wouldn't be offended if they took more time, like VALVE did with Half-life Alyx.
 

MrBrickfreak
1,556 products in account
0
2,346 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 445

Recommended
109.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
*Spoiler free*

At the time of writing this review, i've done a 100% corpo playthrough on very hard as well as a melee run on normal sprinting thru to obtain the secret ending.

I experienced minimal graphical bugs while playing. I did not experience any bugs that disrupted my game experience any more than having to reload my game and one instance i will mention below.

Pros:

True evolution of the bread crumb story system. Those familiar with the concept of save scumming will be happy to know that an extra 20-30 hours or multiple unique playthroughs can be squeezed out just by simply trying all of the text options or trying a different combat approach. Different combat and pacifist approaches can lead to entire new quest chains or missed opportunities. Without going into too much detail, multiple friends and I have had majorly different outcomes playing the same class in the same style/build as well as found tertiary outcomes in subsequent playthroughs. Can't stress how good this aspect is enough.

Side content for days. While the main story itself is only 15-20 hours, the side content is easily double if not triple that. Between cyberpsychos/gigs/police/side kick story quests/flavor text quests it can actually be quite overwhelming when you begin the game. For the full experience I highly recommend completing all of the sidekick story quests as they give the opportunity to experience the most endings as well as inject the most girth into the primary story. Easily the highlight of the game. This is obvious when comparing my two playthroughs, in the 100% one I had a complete feeling of understanding. the directions things were going were carried by these side quests, all of the motivations and history are there. In my rushed playthrough, it simply felt like a series of conversations with johnny silverhand and taking turns swapping bodies. completely different experiences. I just felt like I was rushing around doing errands for johnny by pushing only the main story.

Night City. It's the best city video games have blessed us with to date. Yes, despite the "crowd AI'' not being amazing. Yes, despite there not being "1k+ routines." Yes, I played RDR2 and GTAV and yada yada yada. Night City is alive and you can hear it breathing. This is amplified 10x when you acquire the double jump or rocket jump legs. The verticality they promised was delivered in spades. EVERYTHING is climbable. Give it a shot. Look around.

Endings. 6 of them ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. SIX. 1 is hilarious (in a morbid way). 1 was the appropriate ending(IMO). 1 was out of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AAA blockbuster movie. 1 is what gamers want. 1 is trippy. 1 is sad.

Make a save at the point of no return and give em all a shot. They're worth it.

Cons:

Loot. If you played Witcher 3, it's the same song and dance. Massive amounts of useless scaled loot where everywhere you look you see slight 1% dps upgrades to already existing items. Add onto that you have a weight/stash system and it just becomes a chore by the end game. If you are a packrat like me, invest into the body perk for 60 extra carrying capacity for peace of mind. The exception to this con are the "iconic weapons'' that are unlocked after completing certain criteria. Unique and useful, I found "skippy" to be the best weapon in the entire game. Look out for him and the other icons :)

Lifepaths. Thankfully on my first playthrough I chose corpo. I feel like I had ample chat options that really fell into line with the core story path and made me feel initially that lifepaths weren't as bad as people made them out to be. After experiencing nomad and corpo both to completion I can say that this section really does feel unfinished. There needs to be more content before coming into night city as a nomad and building up the relationship with jackie in the prologue. Again, rushed. Sad. One of my most anticipated features.

AI. This is as of the day 1 version of the game. The combat AI is.....bad. It is only saved by the fact that you can use guns and snipe people from the shadows from a distance. After having played a full melee and ranged playthrough, melee is in a rough spot. Don't take this to mean that melee is more difficult, it simply means that the AI is so bad that they clump up and spin in circles or glitch through walls to 1 shot you with a shotgun and you will end up getting gangbanged every time. Cop AI is....missing. If you commit a crime and get 4 stars just let them kill you or drive away far enough, they will simply give up. There are no correction routines for driving AI. Simply park your car on the road to create an infinite traffic jam.No crash reactions. No crash animations. You can hit a wall at 200 mph and be fine. They make no attempts to course correct or avoid collision, same with the crowd AI. If you double jump in public people will just...huddle near you..scared for their life? Again, AI feels missing.

Limited romance options. For all the controversy and hype this topic got it ended up so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bland. I know its a weird thing to complain about but I can walk around and see vulgarity at every corner and you're telling me theres no brain dance station to plug into? there's 1 brothel in all of night city? only 2 joytoys? Again I understand how minor this is. Just confusing. Most of the primary romance options in this game only "swing" one way, based on the "gender" you chose at the beginning of the game. So if you went in with ideas of who you wanted to ♥♥♥♥, you may be very dissapointed (if you care at all.)

Braindance sequences in the primary story. Thought they were too specific with requiring you to wait for chat dialogue to finish. rewind/fast forward is too slow and not snappy to your inputs. you can end up just looking around aimlessly looking for 1 piece to scan at a specific timestamp. Not very interesting overall and I believe they could have been better served as a cutscene. Overall boring.
I had one graphical bug that came at a very unfortunate moment during the prologue. A pistol went thru a key members head during a pivotal scene and really ruined the mood. This was the only instance of immersion breaking i experienced from bugs other than typical day 1 shenanigans.

No Mini-games. Not even gwent? cmon.

Conclusion:

Without going into story specific details, this is one of the most enjoyable RPGs i've played in my life. The amount of variables you have to play with in the beautiful world of night city is actually crazy. When I read reviewers saying that they hated johnny silverhand because he was an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or that they didnt really understand the story and that it all felt rushed, I feel bad. Or I read on reddit that the game was too buggy to enjoy and there were too many dropped/cut features to be a "good game", I feel bad. We played different games. I got an 80-100 hour open world RPG set in a cyberpunk universe with characters that had personality, a story that had me wondering about the possibilities so much that I immediately started a second playthrough. A city that was handcrafted top to bottom with views so nice I was constantly snapshotting and posting them on discord. A soundtrack that had me wanting to sit in cars to finish tracks. I got a game that I am disappointed having finished.

Waitin to slurp up that DLC.


Overall Rating:

My Gut says 6 months from now or whenever the first DLC drops this game will be a 9.2-9.5. In its current state I would give it an 8.7-8.9 ish. 10s dont exist. Wake up, Choom.
 

Dewdrank
192 products in account
75
1,105 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 74

Recommended
403.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 20
***UPDATED 07/2022*** Patch 1.52... Thank you CD Projekt Red for ruining the parts of the game I enjoyed the most.
1. GOOD: The map updates were great, especially the configurable filters.
2. GOOD: The ability to track Fixer missions complete vs available is nice; and so are the gifts they give you when you finish all of them.
3. GOOD: You fixed the Pacifier resistance mod. Thank you.
3. BAD: You retcon'd the skill system and equipment qualifications so much I couldn't use weapons and armor I had customized and used for over 300 hours of gameplay.
4. REALLY BAD: You so completely NERFED armor and armor mods, that my armor (after 300+ hours of play) is now at half the strength it was, and I can only craft defense mods half the strength I could before. Why the hell would you do that? You don't nerf gear in solo games. You only do that crap for game balance in MMO and PvP games. That was a true knucklehed move.
5. RIDICULOUS: You overbuffed MaxTac and Border Patrol so much they dodge every bullet if you have agro'd them.

Number 4 has ruined the game for me. As I said below, I've completed it multiple times already, and there is no infinite playability because fixers don't generate random missions - once you finish their mission queues that's it; and standard mobs and mob hideouts/dungeon crawls don't respawn. So messing with NCPD MaxTac, and Border Patrol were the only remaining fun. EXTREMELY disappointed. Time for me to uninstall. >:-(

***ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW***
I have played through Cyberpunk 2077 four times, male and female, all three character choice types (Nomad, Street, Corp), and each available ending. I like the gameplay mechanics, the city and story are really really good. The music kicks ass! However, as a player of the original pen-and-paper Cyberpunk 2020 and Night City this is based on... this ain't Cyberpunk 2020.

What I think they got right::: Combat feels very balanced, and the variety is good (melee, ranged, etc.) (though I wish you could hire NPC henchmen and build a team that can level with you - netrunners for overwatch, solos, snipers, etc.). Weapons selections, and mods are excellent. Vehicles are fun - though I find motorcycles are most efficient for travel. Scale (the game environment is HUGE). Ambiance and environment can get really immersive.

What I think was okay, but could have been much better::: Interpersonal relationships. Don't get me wrong the main NPCs are outstanding. The movement, script, etc. - great. But the people on the street? not much there. There were definite opportunities for the developer to integrate enhanced relationships with various NPCs - Rogue, and many in the merc underworld; The Us Crack girls; Jefferson Peralez the mayoral candidate (his quest reached a climax, and then just quits - very disappointing). Cops? No sources of intel/friends on the force to speak to for info on gigs, personalities, or other info. The Talent/Skills trees are okay. Too many skill bonuses to select from only enhance combat capabilities when you are doing special actions like slides, and melee functions that don't really match my play style. In general the Talent/Skill system is good though, and does make a difference for many needed functions like hacking, crafting, and others.

What I think they got wrong::: Fixers. Mission assignment. no Infinite playability. Lack of character customization - No ability to visit a salon and change a hairstyle, or get a tatoo. No ability to alter the physique of your character - on the female character you can change the breast size, but that's it. The male character can change penis size... really? That was necessary? I've played over 250 hours and those features are needed maybe 2 minutes on screen; and the clothing system? Really? Especially for the outfits you craft yourself - you should be able to pick the colors. Can't believe I can go to a high-society corp clothing store and spend $3000.00 on a shirt, but can't pick the color of the cloth.

Cyberpunk 2020 was about immersive role playing. Going to the fixer locations, negotiating your price, building a team, developing enemies (watch your back), and allies and sources for intel and gear, as well as fixer missions, and growing your rep with factions.

Cyberpunk 2077 is a very playable, and fun game, but would benefit greatly from a better mission system, respawning mobs, and random/infinitely spawning player-leveled side missions and gigs. I have played every side mission, every gig, bought every car, and finished every NCPD and other on-map alert and there is literally nothing left to do but cruise around hunting gangers, and screwing with Arasaka, Militech, and NCPD MaxTac. ...and WHY don't MaxTac mobs drop gear? Same for the border. No drops?

I'll keep playing it, because I like it, but I'm praying for some serious DLC coming soon, and some game mechanics fixes to allow greater infinite playability.
 

Suthnuh67
72 products in account
0
2,986 people found this review helpful
85 people found this review funny 266

Not Recommended
128.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2021
*NO SPOILERS*

This is going to be a long one.


The minimap doesn’t zoom out while driving… (Reintroduced in patch 1.3)

As I finished the game shortly after it first came out, I have been holding off reviewing it for a while.

I’m not getting into all the bugs etc. at all, nor the deceitful behavior from CDPR throughout the development and release. Just the game itself, the gameplay and the mechanics.

To be clear, I was never part of any hype train and only paid attention to what CDPR specifically said the game would be.


So, why that “header”?

For me it’s just so telling for the game in general. Even after they fix it, the point still persist.

It’s such a ultra basic thing for the minimap to zoom out while driving in games like this (so you don’t have to slow down before every junction in case you MIGHT have to turn next), but they still got it wrong.

That’s kinda what you can expect feeling a lot while playing this game.
Saying to yourself; “… Huh? Why does it act like that, and not like this?”, “It would have been better if…”, “It would have made a lot more sense if.”
You will feel this especially if you have any experience with GTA or other games in which do open world city driving etc. (we will definitely be getting back to that later).


So, what’s good about this game?

Even though it’s really poorly optimized, it IS visually very impressive. It looks amazing. Stunning.

I absolutely LOVE the atmosphere, the look of the city, the open world in general, the lore, most of the story, the battle/gun system, the great side quests that often more than rivals a lot of what the main story have to offer, the perk system and the ability to equip Cyberware.


What’s wrong with it?

That list is sadly quite long, and mostly subjective of course.

First off, the game has been cut to pieces/heavily watered down from the original vision/marketing.
E.g., day and night cycles, the metro, weather impacting the game, important life path selection (it doesn’t matter at all), crowd community system, third person cutscenes, the AI etc. etc.
The AI was supposed to be groundbreaking, but instead it is groundbreakingly bad.
It feels so stiff and fake and there’s nothing to it at all. No reactions, no interactions, no heart, no factions you can play into for depth, no nothing.
You will never feel more alone in a huge city than you do playing this game.
Much older games did it way better. There were supposed to be routines etc. for the NPCs, they were supposed to feel alive and part of the game.
That’s not at all the case.

They can do two things:

1. Cower.
2. Run and de-spawn right in front of your eyes (literally).

They don’t react to you in any meaningful way at all.


The cops?

The AI itself is non-existent. That’s mostly true for the Cop System as well. You never see them or interact with them. There are no car chases, no real wanted system. You see them from time to time on street corners, almost T-posing.
Other than that, they just always annoy you if you aim your gun in public or hit a pedestrian etc. and they then almost always WILL become aggro to you. If you did the deed on the top of a mountain, a cop probably saw it somehow.
Even if you go in guns blazing out of nowhere helping them on a “Crime”, they ignore you before, during and after the fact.
As a whole the wanted system should have been cut as it’s detrimental to the gameplay and immersion.
I mean, they only just recently patched that cops would spawn right behind you no matter where you were at the time (in the weeds or on top of a building).


The city?

Looks great, feels very unreal as I’ve been saying. There is a lot to do, but it has absolutely NO effect on anything at all. It doesn’t impact you, the game or the AI.
Nothing you do will. The “Gigs”, “Crimes” etc. are just random no effect happenings - plus loot.

It’s just you, against the virtual world in which you are imprisoned. And with that I mean that it feels like you are in a virtual world - in game.


The story?

It was actually good. But it’s very clear how much they have watered down the experience to be able to get it out as fast as possible. The prologue with Jackie is the closest you get to the “next gen RPG” feels. But the buck stops there. After that it just becomes normal/average current/last gen. Not directly bad, by any means. Just really disappointing.

The worst thing for me with the story, is that it’s finite. It’s closed off. Either you finish the game, or you don’t.
I wanted to complete the last mission and then keep playing after the fact (somehow).
Go back and do the stuff I didn’t do. But you can’t. You can only go back to before doing the last mission. It feels bad after all that work, and it shows if you look at how fast people stop playing it on Steam alone.
I wanted to keep playing, building my character, doing side quests, tie up loose ends - until new content came out. Because, you know, it’s supposed to be a next gen open world RPG.

It’s definitely not that. Visually maybe.


So, what’s up with the GTA thing?

Just to be clear. This is not GTA nor should it be.
But it’s still the funniest thing ever. It seems like they have gone above and beyond to not being compared to GTA. I’m pretty sure it was probably banned to talk about GTA in their office during development.
That would explain a lot as to all the things they missed or got wrong.
GTA is a game with similar city vibes. What’s wrong with looking at what they are doing right when it comes to open world driving, AI, city stuff, interactions, reactions, physics and mechanics? And then making them even better for this gen?
Physics and mechanics are physics and mechanics. Most of which will be the same if you want it to feel as real as possible.
It’s not about copying GTA or not setting your game clearly apart from it. It’s about looking at how other people have solved the same “issues” and why gamers like it so much (pre crazy town GTA of course).

Like it or not GTA is a competitor and I’m pretty sure Rockstar was very relieved as to how Cyberpunk turned out. Especially if you think GTA 6, and that CDPR wants to take Cyberpunk Online at some point.

In general there are really old RPGs that did many RPG things better. Some of which isn't even included in this “next gen RPG”.


Conclusion?

With all that being said, I actually enjoyed playing. I mean I have 100+ hours in it! Right?

Well, it’s complicated...

I held off doing the main story for the first like 90 hours. Just because I was hoping a lot of those bad mechanics etc. would get patched, improved on etc. so the gameplay would be better. I wanted to save the main story for that. So, I spent my time hunting loot, grinding etc.
But then I couldn't hold on to my naïveté any longer so I started doing the story for real (from the first boss).
In what felt like a blink of an eye (5-10 hours) I got that prompt; “No going back”…

The end to the game. The last mission. I was shocked. All that grinding for nothing. It just ends... It wants you to stop. You have to.

Like that moronic CDPR moderator said on Reddit (I believe it was):

- “… our games have an ending. They always have. It’s your problem if you don’t like it…”

Well, the main story can still end, credits and all, without it "forcing" you to stop playing or only being able to go back to before the end.


Buuuut?

As baffling as the mechanics etc. were at times I genuinely enjoyed playing the game.

But in the end that enjoyment was like dragging my bare arse over a course carpet like a dog.
It kinda feels good now, but you will feel hollow and regretful later.

People should definitely look into it. But maybe hold off for now. They are literally still bugfixing to this day. Stuff like physics, gameplay mechanics etc. will probably not see any action before a good while (if ever).

I really hope I can recommend this in future. Also for me.
 

3XOUT
49 products in account
109
1,965 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 151

Not Recommended
48.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2021
Everyone is focusing on the code bugs and graphical glitches, and there are so many of those for every platform. But even if we strip away all those technical issues, this game is just plain incomplete.

So many issues plague the gameplay and design in CP2077. I focused all of my perks on stealth abilities but still found running-and-gunning to be the most effective tactic in nearly every situation. The knife-throw sounds cool, but actually loses you your knife after a single throw, which totally destroys any point to having such a perk/strategy. In the end, it makes every battle feel pretty much the same, despite intense attempt to build a character that goes counter to it.

Using a perk to auto-scrap junk is nice in that it gets rid of a big chore, but is that what perks should be doing in a game? Fix the chore itself, instead of making it a reward to not have to do it. Interestingly, there are paradoxes to getting rid of this tedium, since scrapping certain junk actually removes economic opportunities for the player too (some junk is worth way more than the scrap it creates).

There are no minigames. I remember being excited to hear one of the characters telling me to go to the pachinko casino. I thought I'd get to play the games. Nope, they're just pretty environment geometry. Most of the game is like this, despite such a beautiful city, there really isn't much to do in the city besides travel through it and shoot things. No sports, no bar games, nothing.

The AI is horrendous. Committing any crime immediately spawns cops right next to you, which is both unrealistic and cheap. But even then, on Very Hard, you can easily escape any wanted level by sprinting down the road in a straight line. The cops can't keep up and they won't put any backup in front of you. Also, jumping in any body of water will confuse the police enough to lose all levels. For a game that came out seven years after GTA V and thirteen years after GTA SA, this is comically unacceptable. I hate when people blame QA for game issues, but the AI honestly makes me wonder if CDPR even tried playing this game naturally, or perhaps if their warnings about the gameplay were ignored altogether.

The city is beautiful and definitely feels hand-crafted instead of snapped together with tile sets, but that's about the only compliment I can give this game and it just further exposes the fact that the city is pretty void of things to do. And when looking at all the tall buildings seemingly connected by a network of high rise tunnels and bridges, it only serves as a tease since the game has no real vertical element. No flying, no climbing, no parachuting or repelling.

So even if the game suddenly started working properly, it's just not good. It has a lot of sizzle, but no steak. I love the setting of this game, and I love The Witcher, and I loved the way this company operated in general. I had expected this game to revolutionize the open world RPG, but instead we got a mess so bad, I can't even understand how it got released with a straight face (even putting code bugs aside). It doesn't justify the $60 purchase price for me, and it doesn't hold a candle to many open world games that came out ten to fifteen years ago. This may not be the worst game in history, but it's easily the most disappointing game I've ever played. I hope CDPR gets its act together, because this game is not good.
 

zakmanofid
138 products in account
0
86 people found this review helpful 68

Recommended
100.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 19
NICE game
 

GIANT TRADE UP GINGER CAT
78 products in account
0
4,908 people found this review helpful
6,128 people found this review funny 947

Recommended
54.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Best Early Access game ever... can't wait for the final build!

UPDATE November 2021:
Still in Early Access

UPDATE March 2022:
Looks gorgeous, but still in Early Access
 

Radrooster
514 products in account
0
193 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
120.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 15
Had to replay this immediately to demolish Adam Smasher again
 

Pilk Drinker
466 products in account
0
2,305 people found this review helpful
165 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
33.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 1
Don't buy this for full price, it's a game in the beta stage.

Upon obtaining a wanted level, cops will spawn behind you. Solution: Stand in a corner, cops never come. Also, can't kill kids. Hide behind those for shields.

Drivers do not turn steering wheels.

Like...come on....this game was delayed how many times?

 

AkihaHñas
399 products in account
14
1,627 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 164

Not Recommended
498.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2021
I have been thinking of writing a review for this game for a long time. I love Cyberpunk 2077, I still play it and will continue to play it as new content comes out, but as of writing this review (June 17th, 2021, v.1.22) I cannot recommend it as a whole experience with clear conscience. I will update the review once something changes.

UPDATE: There has been a number of patches since I wrote this review, but they did not address the issues I mention.

Let's start with the good things. Like I said, I love the game, and I do love it for a lot of things, but the most important one is potential. The game has potential to be great, one of the greatest games in the genre, but it's not fulfilling it at the moment. For now, I see it as a skeleton of a game that it can be, but the core elements that are there are very strong. These elements are the main story and side storylines, world building and auxiliary storytelling, characters, setting, the aesthetic and visual design, gameplay, music (both in-radio and ambient soundtrack), the list could go on.

Now on to the bad things. I'm not going to discuss bugs in this review, sure enough they aren't good, but 1. I believe the game has much bigger problems, and 2. I believe those will get ironed out with time, with each new update.
I believe the game's biggest problem is the immersion factor, and that term encompasses a large area of the game, so I'm going to point some of them out and what I think would be a better alternative.

1. Low amount of customization options
Sure enough, the character creator is quite expansive, but customization extends to more things than just V's physical appearance. We are talking guns, cars and bikes, apartments, haircuts and tattoos, cyberware, etc.

2. Lifeless (and stupid) NPCs
NPCs in Cyberpunk exist only as a filler to the world, they have no purpose, no routines, just occupying screen space. They spawn and despawn as you turn around, turn around and start walking in opposite direction when there's something in their way, react unrealistically to traffic or gunfire. Traffic NPC AI is even worse, they won't go around any obstacle, no matter how slight, sometimes just plain stop in the middle of the road for no reason, swerve around lanes, not react properly to traffic lights, it goes on.
There also are no non-story NPCs that you can talk to (not including vendors). I'm not saying every pedestrian needs to have a full dialogue wheel, but there should be people you can talk to that aren't part of a quest in some way.

3. Corporate manufacturing and street markets
The theme of the game is how everything is ran by corporations, and these corporations produce things. Mostly arms. And if you look around the city, you can see they have their branded stores. I think that it would be great for immersion if these stores were functional and stocked with weaponry manufactured by that corporation (for example corp A produces power rifles and body armor, corp B has flamethrowers, light machine guns, and grenade launchers, corp C specializes in blades, has all the katanas, kukris, knives, axes, etc.) and you need to visit a specific manufacturer's store to pick up a specific weapon type. You should be able to customize your gun when purchasing, like changing the skin and getting attachments. And on the counter side of the corpo stores would be street markets where you can buy pre-owned iron, maybe it already has a scope on it, or some paint and stickers. It's probably not as a good as a brand new toy, but at least it's not sold at a 3000% markup.

4. Cyberware and body mods
The current system of getting cyberware is very underwhelming. I was very excited for a feature that was teased in the demo before the game came out. That feature was "humanity cost" that was associated with getting an implant, alongside the price and street cred requirement. It was implied that different implants have different humanity costs, the greater the modification, the greater the cost (for example, a low-key Kiroshi eyeball implant would have a significantly lower humanity cost than a Maelstrom-like visor replacing half of your face, but would also not offer as much utility). We don't know how having high and low humanity cost would affect the game, but I pictured it to be a nuanced and interesting system.
That leads to the next thing about implants, it's that they barely change your appearance. The only mods that change your look are arms and hands mods. We should be given a lot more options of heavy body modifications.
There also is the lack of animations, you just open the shopping window, buy the implant and you're good to go. There should be an animation every time you get an implant installed, similar to the first scene at Vik's.
When it comes to buying and selling cyberware, the corporate stores don't make that much sense here like they do with the guns. Since ripperdocs are running their independent clinics, they can stock with whatever they want (or whatever they can get). There should be top-of-the-line clinics with best, brand-new implants, and scroungier chop-shops where maybe it's a bit more mix-and-match (like a cyber arm put together from different parts) but it'll get the job done.

5. Fashion
Before the game dropped, there was a lot of teasing going on. One of the teasers were snaps of Night City fashion and the 4 main dressing styles prevalent in the city, which indicated that your choice of clothes is important in the city of dreams. Meanwhile, clothing selection is pretty limited, and clothes serve simply as armor. I would have much rather have armor stat be boosted only by either wearing actual body armor or by installing implants like subdermal armor and shock absorbers, and have clothing be purely cosmetic.

6. Pastimes: clubs, bars, restaurants and food stands, races, fistfights, BDs...
Cyberpunk desperately needs pastimes. Only things to do in the game are main quests, side quests, gigs, and hustles. Action 100% of the time. There need to be activities to do in down time. You should be able to go to a bar, grab a seat and have a drink, go to a club and dance the night away, visit a restaurant and have a nice meal at a table or go to food stand to grab a bite on the go. It's the little things that add up to a greater whole. When playing for the first time, I remember reading all the websites on the Net, and being impressed with how complex the city is, and wondering which of the coveted clubs I'll visit first when I get the chance.

7. Other immersion odds and ends
I believe the choice of life path should be more impactful (other than a few, mostly inconsequential, dialogue options throughout the game), as well as the life path intro part should be longer to really get a feel for what life was like for V before becoming a mercenary (at least a few missions). Also, there should be more gigs with Jackie before we do the Heist, to bond with the character more.

I think that any location marked as safehouse should allow you to access stash and sleep (and maybe use a mirror as well).

Romances are a little bit shallow, once the thread is over you can barely interact with your S/O, maybe you'll get some texts from them, but that's about it. There should be something more you can do with them after you've done their quests.

Exploring doesn't feel rewarding, because it doesn't feel like there's anything to discover - the city is reminiscent of it's citizens, looks good, but is empty on the inside.

Random events. Self-explanatory, as of right now, every event in the game world is pre-scripted.

I think that about covers it, my review of Cyberpunk 2077. Like I said, I was thinking about it for a while so there's a good chance I'm forgetting something else I wanted to mention.
If you're looking to buy the game, I said all I had to say so you can judge for yourself, but if I were you, I'd wait for the first drop of new content before deciding.
 

blvckgucci
289 products in account
86
255 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 27

Recommended
80.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2021
I bought this game on sale for $70 AUD, and I had bought in to any hype or watched any trailers. I watched a couple reviews, and bought this at a sale price to see what the fuss was about.

I've finished the game, but I won't be playing it again. Please let me explain why I still recommend this.

The Cyberpunk world is beautiful. The Prologue of the game shows you a living, corpo infested city that is alive with things to do. The montage of you and Jackie plays out in hot spots around Night City, dancing, drinking, having a sick time. You fly in an AV, you take on the biggest Corporation in night city with the hopes of becoming legends.

Then the real game starts and you realise Night City is nothing but a back drop for you to do missions in. You can't actually do anything. You can't sit and eat, get drunk and stumble around, ♥♥♥♥ around with the 'Privatised, corrupt NCPD' (more on that later), watch brain dances, go to clubs and dance, it's just a map that exists for you to drive through.
The City's NPCs are garbage, they don't respond to anything (Patch 1.22-1.23). The traffic is still useless and have no mind of their own. I parked my car on the road and it just caused a massive line up of cars just sitting there waiting.

Driving sucks and unless you REALLY want a nice car there is absolutely NO reason to purchase any of the vehicles that are available to you because the driving mechanics don't justify spending that kind of money. Why would I spent $100k on a car that's gonna slide around like it's on an ice rink, when I can just steal a car to do that for me? Or just fast travel?

So many massive buildings that you just can't go inside. So many restaurants and street vendors that only exist to fill
space.

The Police in this game, advertised as corrupt, nasty power abusing thugs do NOTHING. And if you do run into them, they will spawn IN FRONT OF YOU and blast you to pieces. There's no bribing, no arrests, no dirty cops asking you to do jobs for them. They don't even drive around. It's a SERIOUSLY missed opportunity considering the amount of NPCD side gigs you can do.

Why couldn't have these been used as side missions from cops trying to blackmail you? You commit a crime, get a warrant, a cop tries to arrest you. You could either pay your way out or do a job for him. This could be linked to any of the NPCD gigs in the city. But they're not. The cops do not play a massive part in the world and it's seriously best if you ignore them completely. Because they always ignore you. When they don't ignore you, it's a broken mess that is pointless and adds nothing to the gameplay.

You might think all of this sounds like nit picking, and you're right. But this game sets the expectation that Night City is your playground, and it's a city that is alive and can be lived in. It's not. It's just a map to do ♥♥♥♥ in.
This for me broke my immersion, but for others the beauty of the cyberpunk city may be enough to keep them interested. However, I really doubt it.

The combat is fun. You can specialise in blades or blunt weapons, firearms, hacking, and stealth. I found myself using stealth and quick hacks a lot, and relying heavily of Tech weapons to do serious damage to people.
Stealthing around, breaking people's necks, dumping the bodies, hacking security cameras and turrets to work in your favour were some of the best times in combat.

Once gunfights started, the AI were either super smart or super dumb dumb, and once I found a Power Rifle all encounters were so damn easy it was a cakewalk from then on out. I played on the 'hard' difficulty for reference.

BUT this wasn't a problem for me. I don't think the weapons are supposed to balanced. I think it the point of the weapons and crafting and modifications is to become a seriously violent and dangerous cyberpunk beast and you can absolutely achieve that. How you wish to do that is up to you, and the combat for me was overall acceptable.

Character customisation is fine, but you don't see your character enough anyway so don't worry too much about it.

The loot, namely the clothing, all look ♥♥♥♥♥♥ absurd. By the end of the game you will be wearing so much mismatched nonsense for the sake of armour and clothing mods.
There's no transmog either so be prepared for your character to look really, REALLY stupid.

Now we move onto the Characters and Story. SPOILERS
You want to be a legend in night city? Want to climb to the ranks and be a top dog in the Mercenary World?
I never felt this to be the case. The main story revolves around you trying to save your own life and get Johnny Silverhand out of your head. You'll do missions for some big corpo players and also some prominent gangs in Night City. But none of it is for glory, all of it is for saving your life. No one wants to help you unless you can do something for them. Kill some other gang member, steal some ♥♥♥♥, kill some other dude. Find out that the person you did all this for can't help you, or they just die anyway. Your character becomes desperate and by the end of the main story you're either making a deal with a corpo devil, or going out in a blaze of glory.

THE SIDE MISSIONS however are where the meat of this game is and you should spend all of your time doing these.
That doesn't mean these are perfect, and I'll explain below.

You will meet people who will play a big role in your character development and main story through completing side missions. Some side missions are also just cool insights into the cyberpunk world that REALLY needed to be fleshed out.
Here's my example.
You will do a mission for a Jefferson and Elizabeth Peralez. Jefferson is a candidate for Mayor of Night City. He has goals, he seems pretty reasonable, and you go to investigate a break in of their home.
You find some things that don't add up. A secret room in their house, antennas and cables leading to the roof, and then you spot a van outside the building.
After chasing the van, you end up a huge firefight. Once you waste them, you hack the van and find out that these group of hackers are literally changing Peralezs' mind.

They are altering his memories, his personality, they are changing him completely so when he gets elected mayor his decisions will favour these hacker's intentions. A crazy, dystopian nightmare of mind altering control.
And this whole time, Elizabeth was aware of it. She had no choice but to go on with it, to not tell him what was going on.
You go to meet up with Jefferson, to either explain to him to situation or give him no clues.
Before you do however, you are contacted by the hackers. They blacken your vision, and warn you to stay out of it.

This ♥♥♥♥♥♥ me up. And even Johnny, the rebellious anti corpo blaze of glory bad ass warns you to stay out of this one. It's too risky. I wanted to find these guys. These hackers who are controlling a politicians brain, some crazy cyberpunk ♥♥♥♥ that made my skin crawl.

But after you tell him, you receive a few text messages, and that's it. Mission over. You never hear from them again.

....WHY?????

This was my general view of the side missions of CP2077. So damn good, so damn close to being a fantastic mission, but they all just scrape the surface of something with the potential to be MUCH bigger.

THESE missions made me feel like becoming a legend of Night City. Taking down people like this. Making a name for myself, but it never happens.

After 75 Hours of game time I can say that I enjoyed what Cyberpunk 2077 had to offer.

But at the same time, I'm disappointed that this was ALL it had to offer.
No DLC can fix the broken world, the lack of world development, The main missions that end SUPER quickly, or the side missions that burn out right before they get really good.

I recommend this game if cyberpunk is something you're interested in. But be prepared for a basic RPG game, glittered in a cyberpunk aesthetic.



 

WeebKilla95
141 products in account
0
676 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 66

Recommended
282.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2021
Edits were made for grammar and spelling.

Honestly, in spite of the failed promises of CDPR, especially at launch, if I take the emotions out of it, this was still a really fun game for me. The TL;DR of this review? 8/10 Give it a shot, but walk into this experience not with the intention of making your own specific character and doing a lot of heavy "custom" RP (i.e. "I'm going to make my V be a corpo stooge this run" won't be possible. V, male/female/neither, is a pre-defined character more in line with Cmdr Shepard in Mass Effect than The Courier in Fallout:NV) instead think of this experience like an open-world FPS campaign with some more significant choices thrown in to influence the outcome and you can customize your character's appearance.

Now, I recognize that the CONS section is longer and more involved than the PROS, but quantity does not outweigh quality in my opinion.

PROS

- The world is *genuinely* immersive in the macroscopic view. Crowds seem to bustle, music fits the setting, traffic jams occur, Night City's appearance and soundscape are genuinely, dare I say it, "Breathtaking"

- The characters, especially 3/4 of the potential love interests are solid characters in their own right and I thoroughly enjoy their stories.

- The Main Story, while having it's odd ticking bomb type timeline which will be mentioned later, is honestly pretty solid. You've got basically 3 choices for finales (a fourth hidden one that's exceptionally difficult), the characters are honestly pretty in-depth and believable, the stakes fit the Cyberpunk (as a copywritten universe specifically) vibe, and the ending I feel leaves us with some really awesome potential for a DLC expansion onto the end of the story or a sequel depending on your choices.

- For me personally, Keanu's performance, is a highlight. I believe him to be a genuinely solid character, well acted, if occasionally a bit clumsily written (mostly in the dialogues between him and V, their dynamic can feel a little confusing like seeing their relationship evolve but out of order or something at times). I recognize some apparently find his performance sub-par, but I disagree and frankly I don't think I as an actor (granted, mostly stage musicals) would have made any different character choices if I had his role. I believe it to be well-executed on that front.

- The straight male, gay female, and straight female romances are genuinely, I think, extremely well written with the gay female romance being honest to goodness one of the best love stories I've played through. Hell, even in my first run as a male who can't romance her, I genuinely enjoyed her story and the friendship presented. On par, IMO with the Tali-Shepard romance or the Garrus bro-mance in Mass Effect.

- When appropriately leveled or slightly overleveled, the gunplay feels genuinely pretty nice IMO. There are definitely better games, but for a studio's first outing on FPS, this is a serious win.

- The aesthetic of the outfits are genuinely fantastic to me. Personally, I ignore the core stats until it's clear a clothing item of a given style is just plainly under-leveled, but usually you'll find a suitable replacement with better stats well before the stats become a problem. I think to have a better time, just look as fresh as you want, unless you're playing on the highest difficulties, I frankly don't see much benefit to optimizing your armor. Treat it like armor in Dark Souls, it's basically aesthetic

CONS

- THE TIMELINE PRESENTED IN THE MAIN PLOT IS TOO SHORT TO REALISTICALLY RP YOURSELF INTO PLAYING THE SIDE QUESTS. Without going into spoilers, the main story pretty quickly after the tutorial/prologue gives you a nebulous timeline of, "a couple weeks" with some heavy stakes attached which frankly is not enough time to *really* do anything else believably. But a lot of the best material is in the side-quests. So I honestly just kinda handwave and imagine that for most of my run, I'm still playing V's backstory pre-inciting incident until I hit the last couple missions where the main-plot becomes relevant again. This one there's no fixing unless they rerecord some lines or something and as a heavy RP-focused player who loves exploring worlds, this is my biggest individual gripe.

- Still a wee bit buggy/unoptimized. I play with a fairly up-to-date middle upper range PC with a 2070 Super and there are times where the frame rate will drop to ~50 from the 90+ on 1080p and ultra settings. It's far better than it used to be, I'd even go so far as to say it's less buggy than most games on release nowadays, but if you've got a low tolerance, stay away.

- Melee combat feels wonky af and enemies can be bullet spongey, though these have both improved. Melee combat might not be fixable or at least not easily, the bullet spongey thing though can still be improved a bit.

- Driving feels weird at times (honestly, if you play a nomad, will quickly have *the* best vehicle in terms of speed, acceleration, and handling in my opinion and it's basically free). Vehicles are "floaty", deceleration seems almost logarithmic than linear on keyboard and mouse, Minimap is still a bit too small. This is all fixable.

- The Straight Male romaceable character, if you are RPing either a purely lesbian female character or even a bi female character who's loyal to their girlfriend, doesn't seem to take polite hints of lack of interest to back off. He's otherwise a really sweet and genuinely good guy, but it sucks to the point that I, when playing a female character already in a relationship with someone else or otherwise uninterested, will avoid the last mission with this guy. Not likely if ever to be fixed.

- The City's immersion falls short upon scrutiny at the micro level. NPCs seem to go nowhere and panic for almost no reason, there are no other motorcycles on the roads (plenty parked, none driving), and there are no roaming cops/gang patrols which kinda hurts too. These are all fixable.

- The fact that clothes/weapons can be the exact same kind, but have drastically different stats kinda bugs me. I wish they'd just have like 3-5 tiers of any one weapon/clothing item which indicates overall effectiveness/damage rating/quality and maybe even make the items of a given tier have a different appearance determined by it (i.e. tier 1 handgun of this model has visible rust/pitting/dings/nicks, vs tier 4 looking fresh off the table of a custom gunsmith). In the end though, this is an extremely minor gripe and not likely to be fixed.

- You can't just transmog your outfit overtop whatever you have currently equipped to make the optimizers who want to RP happy. At least to my knowledge, this hasn't been addressed outside of mods but really shouldn't be *that* difficult to implement.

- Still no haircuts or customizable tattoos or even more overtly visible body mods either in general or just after character creation. I feel these are still pretty core to the Cyberpunk experience as an aesthetic and idea, yet do not exist yet outside of mods to my knowledge. This is a super easy fix and I hope they include it in the big update they're planning to drop soon that I've heard rumors about.
 

Walter McIntyre
146 products in account
13
1,482 people found this review helpful
52 people found this review funny 121

Recommended
65.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
EDIT: Completed the game after 65 hours, not nearly as packed as Witcher 3 but every minute just as enjoyable. The main quest gave me the point of no return pretty quickly, so I avoided that and completed just about everything else on offer first, aside from boxing, collectables, out of the way gigs, and police shootouts, which felt like filler. Most of the main content is very well done and found only a few instances of medium-strength bugs that lessened the experience. Some of it is nearly brilliant.

I don't pay much attention to marketing, so I can't tell if some of the anger over this game came from broken promises, but this is exactly the game I hoped it would be and it exceeded my expectations. Played on a modest system at lower settings to keep a decent framerate and the graphics are incredible, world is amazing, city is layered and complex, and detail shows in every dark corner. It doesn't have the interactivity of a GTA title; you can't take your fake girlfriend bowling or get a haircut, but I never cared for that stuff anyway. The mission design, setting, and writing matter to me, and Cyberpunk delivers through nearly the whole running time.

I could easily play another 60 hours of new main/side missions. Hopefully the messy launch doesn't prevent expansion packs or a sequel, and that it gets fixed up quickly for anyone unable to give this a try. I can easily see that the game isn't for everyone but you if you ever liked a Deus Ex then give this a shot.

ORIGINAL:
Playing on a Ryzen 3600 and 1070ti. In terms of performance I have most graphics settings on low aside from volumetic fog and near shadows, which are medium. Even with these low settings the graphic quality is really good and keeps framerate ranges in 50-60, with a few drops in some outdoors sections. This is very playable. No crashes or game-breaking glitches for me so far, though there have been oddities that required a game restart.

I'd say the gameplay falls more into an immersive sim in the style of Deus Ex than anything else, and hits exactly what I was hoping for. The shooting is well above average, car handling not so good (hopefully these get some changes), RPG systems seem plenty deep enough, and the conversation tree's are mostly great. Don't feel like I'm far enough in yet to judge the story but it starts out slow and awkward but has picked up and is pretty cool.

There are many frustrating bits, like having to manually alter config files to rebind some keys that the in-game menu can't, and to turn off double tap to dodge (which really messed with me). The stealth systems are too rough to be reliable but are almost there. Some visual oddities pop up on occasion and the simulated citizens do some wonky things. In comparison to many other complex open-world games on launch I'd call this launch way above average, but it could definitely use some more work.

Very happy with the game and looking forward to exploring a lot more of it. Someday I will do a replay with a much beefier system and see all those fancy graphics I'm missing out on, but in the meantime the low settings still look great and the game is excellent.
 
A developer has responded to this review

MeanOgreGrr
930 products in account
0
6,810 people found this review helpful
1,672 people found this review funny 753

Not Recommended
70.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2021
McDonald's Ads - The game

You see a juicy, delicious burger advertised on screens. You buy the burger, open the wrapping, and find the bun squashed, the meat thinner, lettuce wilted and some of the condiments are missing. You eat it and it's still a decent burger. But every time you see that ad, you feel like you got screwed.

Thats what Cyberpunk 2077 feels like.

Edit: And then you got people telling you that you didn't eat the burger properly, and that it would've tasted way better if you had.
 

八月正午的阳光
203 products in account
178
1,036 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 43

Recommended
34.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
Man...even though this is probably the buggiest AAA game I have played, I still enjoyed the hell out of the stories it told. It's a shame that it's clear the developers wanted to add way more to its gameplay and story but didn't have the time. Wish they delayed the game for 2-3 years to avoid crunch and to get a full version of what the creators envisioned, but what we ended up with is still great.

I would recommend you wait a few months before buying so they sort out some of the bugs as they often take you out of immersion.
 

Beanie
1,192 products in account
0
2,017 people found this review helpful
69 people found this review funny 251

Recommended
150.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
TLDR: 8/10 Recommended. (If you haven't bought it yet, wait till Feb or March for the main patches)

EDIT: I get a lot pf people are quite "passionate" about this game. Reading the comments with my friends has become a great pastime. Here is my take. Yes it might not have met ALL your expectations, but this game ain't bad by any means. Hell it did not murder your family, or commit war-crimes in the middle-east.

In all seriousness, my dad always used to say, that the Biggest Room in the world is the room for Improvement. Give it a chance. Maybe not now. Maybe someday. But do give the devs and the community a chance. Keep it civil folks.

BACK TO MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ REVIEW (why is it one of the top ones? It ain't helpful by any means -_- ) :

117 hrs in, finally got through the main story and everything around. (Street Kid, Male V. Ended at Lvl 42 SC 50).

Going to be honest, is the game buggy? YES. Is the AI absolutely whack? Yes Again. Performance? As of v1.05, quite improved but driving fast around the city, especially around your home can give a performance hit.

But the story? It is worth every penny. It is worth experiencing. Keanu's performance isn't top-notch but it is enough to get you engrossed, keep you in. Plus, well its Keanu. Whoever did V has done a stellar job. The side characters, and their quests are a delight.

Gunplay is a hit or miss. Enemies feel a tad spongy at the start to AR's while Handcannons and their tree is overpowered. And with the right mods, a single Overture or Crash shot going up 80K in a single HS crit damage. By the end, with legendaries, Enemies, bosses become a joke on hard. The netrunning and berserk are quite fun, and give stealth or an all out approach a variety of possibilities.

Mantis Blades are a must and combined with double jump, are quite fun. Meanwhile Gorilla arms have their use only in fistfight brawls. Projectiles and Monowire are good, but Mantis Blades are just that good. Pretty sure you look like a cyberpsycho gone rogue, but hey, it is fun.

And Night City. What can you say about it, that hasn't been said. What a creation. The world design, from the badlands to heywood, it is gorgeous. You will absolutely love it. The Soundtrack is just perfect, whether you are driving with Royal Blue, Vexelstorm on the radio.

Overall, this an extraordinarily beautiful mess. AI and the NPC interaction leave a lot to be desired, but the foundational NC is exceptional. The main story is amazing and side quests are top-notch. Recommended for the story. 8/10 with the hope that mods and patches bring Night City and the Story the credit they belong. Buy it around Feb or March when the major patches are out.
 

Sumit_S
323 products in account
99
157 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
154.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 14
#Justice_For_Becca
 

CryoEngine
284 products in account
9
1,445 people found this review helpful
1,509 people found this review funny 98

Recommended
108.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2021
come back in 2077 when its finished
 

McL_vin
76 products in account
0
445 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 31

Recommended
82.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2021
If you've been thinking about buying, I'd recommend doing so in the current sale or Winter Sale. I've installed some mods this past week and they really do improve the game to the point to where I'd say it's worth a buy, even at full price. I've got about 15 installed right now, and they all work great so far. The awesome part is they are simply small config type files that are only KBs in size. I think the largest mod I installed so far was 2MB. All you do is download and then extract the contents into the root installation folder....quickest mods I've ever done. I'm probably going to make a guide that'll include installation instructions as well as a one file package that includes all the best mods.

There are sooo many mods out there, and some are highly configurable, rivaling the best popular mod-able games. These mods fix bugs, game-play balancing, broken perks, life-path bonuses, gang traits, UI improvements, vehicle handling, better NPCs and crowds, traffic, better melee etc. They also can add cut content like street vendor trading and even wall climbing. You can even unlock the ability to romance characters you'd otherwise not be able to (I'm going to bone Judy Alvarez as a male V, haha).

If you have the cash and are even interested in the game I think you should take the plunge. $30 is a steal for what it can become with just a couple minutes of post installation tweaking.

P.S. - the official patch 1.5 is going to drop in a few months when they release the next gen console version of the game. It's supposed to be a huge update with lots of fixes and perhaps even restored content. That patch (and future patches) will most likely (hopefully) negate the need for mods. I know now it's definitely possible to fix this game and make it what we all expected it to be...the question is will it be done officially or by the modding community (so far the modding community has a massive head start).

P.S.S. - My opinion of the publisher has not changed....f*ck 'em. The devs are not to blame, but the suits are. The launch was an abomination, something I'll never forget. I'll never again buy a game at launch from CDPR. Yes, I'm recommending it now, but only thanks to the modders. Buy as cheap as you absolutely can.

EDIT: These are the mods I have installed and working as of 12/29/21. These can be found on nexusmods (except the "disable auto save", which I made).

- Cyber Engine Tweaks (REQUIRED Prerequisite)
- Redscript (REQUIRED Prerequisite)
- Full Gameplay Rebalance
- Wall Hang (activated by Q key)
- Lifepath Bonuses and Gang-Corp Traits
- AI Netrunners Enhanced (No Imminent Sy...
- Flib's UI Improvements
- Cyber Vehicle Overhaul
- Cyber Drifting
- Crowds and Traffic
- Performance Boost
- Sensible Stamina and Athletics
- Street Vendors
- Better Melee
- StreetStyle - Immersive Fashion System
- Simple XP Multiplier
- Weather Probability Rebalance (No Sandst...
- More Gore
- Better Finer Rain
- No Intro Videos - With News Report
- Improved Mini Map Zoom
- Draw Distance Boost
- Enhanced Police
- DLSS 2.3
- Extra Vehicle Controls (Controller Version)
- Better Vehicle First Person
- Full Armor Rebalance
- Eyes LOD Fix
- Disable Auto-save (See my guide)
- GTA Fast Travel
- Tyler’s Cool-Ass Patch - INSTALL LAST
 

Nightbreed
2,658 products in account
28
944 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 33

Not Recommended
44.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2021
Lesson learned. Never preorder anything.
 

Rocket Science
148 products in account
0
1,036 people found this review helpful
1,179 people found this review funny 167

Not Recommended
59.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2021
Like the developers, I didn't finish the game.
 

Kâyzee
361 products in account
17
1,445 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 90

Recommended
82.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
The game isn't perfect. The game isn't majorly groundbreaking. However this game has a beautiful open world with a ton of fun stuff to do. Most of the characters are compelling and I instantly connected with many of them. The map at the start was overwhelming with new activities to complete and I gained a ton of satisfaction slowly chipping them off of my map. There are a handful of annoyances. These include graphical glitches, missing QoL features, clipping issues, loot stuck in the ground, some NPC's have canned dialog that repeats over and over again. These issues are not prevalent all the time. Many of the negative reviews are upset that the game has bugs or that it is not perfectly optimized for their system. Others are upset because they thought that the game would break the mold. Whenever you have a huge release like this, people rate the game as a Zero with no context. This game is a solid 8 in it's current state. Once the bugs are worked out and some QoL features are added, it will be a solid 9. Don't listen to the trolls. Get the game
 

Rangcom
388 products in account
55
3,665 people found this review helpful
66 people found this review funny 262

Not Recommended
147.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2021
Cyberpunk 2077 is a very mixed bag of ups and downs, featuring things that were executed nicely, while at the same time those that were executed horribly.

I'd lie if I said that the game doesn't offer anything good, it does. The world, the map, the characters (at least some of them), the music, it all clicks because this is the content that was initially designed before CDPR decided to rewrite everything from scratch, half-assing everything from now on. Unfortunately, this is FAR too little to consider CP2077 a good game.

The negatives however are everywhere. The gameplay is horribly repeatable, you can feel the content filler with every single step you take, going through uninteresting and outright boring "gigs" and "NCPD activities" that all play the same. Everything that was showed in the trailers and demos was fabricated, the world is empty, the content was cut horribly to the point that the game looks like it required another 2 or 3 years in development just to fill all those holes, let alone fix the bugs. The main story started with a bang, I noticed the amount of polish and effort that was put into the beginning of the game, which is on-par with the main quests of Witcher 3. However, the moment we start the whole biochip journey, everything looks like half-assed attempt to meet the deadlines and not bother about user experience. It's clear as day that this is where the real content made by ex-W3 devs ended, and the new vision of the project begun, the one which forced Keanu Reeves into the picture because of marketing deal, and not because he actually fitted for any role in what was originally planned. It felt exactly the same like beginning of Mafia 3, which also started with a bang, leaving a smell of ♥♥♥♥ for the remaining part of the game. If you ask me, I have no clue why CP2077 has better rates than Mafia 3 had, it has exactly the same problems, exactly the same empty world and exactly the same boredom.

I've finished the whole game and explored everything that game had to offer in order to review the whole product. No patch will fix severe lack of content caused by extreme cuts and half-assed execution of remaining part. You have only one attempt to make good first impression, and the impression of Cyberpunk looks like a game focused on meeting studio management expectations, tight deadlines and forced marketing, rather than offering quality product for your own enjoyment. It's definitely not the worst game I've ever played, but it dropped far below my expectations, which were already non-existent, as I knew that the game won't be anywhere close to Witcher 3 quality, yet even with that approach I didn't expect a game to turn out this bad. Considering the size of the studio and how many people were actually involved into whole this mess, I won't be as forgiving as I was e.g. with Mafia 3, as I really believe that CP2077 isn't a good game in terms of the content and gameplay, and the price tag doesn't reflect the quality of the product.

---

If you liked my review, you can find more of them on my profile and on my curator page.
 

Archi
9,788 products in account
56
1,350 people found this review helpful
103 people found this review funny 62

Recommended
257.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2021
I waited almost a full year before attempting to play this game. I am aware that the launch was sketchy and the game was packed full of bugs / glitches. As of patch 1.31 CyberPunk was a worth while game purchase for me. I did enjoy the almost 180 hours of playtime I put in. However driving in this game stinks bad, car handling physics felt very arcade like and also felt like I was always driving on wet slick surfaces. I can't remember how many times I've lost control of my vehicles flying off the side of a bridge or overpass and take my car swimming with me - Laughable... Racing missions, ugh... what a disgrace to racing games. One other thing, the faster you drive, the most deserted and desolate the city becomes. Driving fast turns the city of Night City into a ghost town. The game engine can't keep up with the asset loading buffer, so in an attempt to keep the bare bones city going, all npc cars and people disappear. I recommend not driving at all in CyberPunk, walk, run, hop skip run walk... whatever... or ride shotgun as a passenger in a vehicle! If you have no choice but to drive, do it slowly... feather the throttle and keep it in the granny lane at all times. Far better immersive gaming experience in what was supposed to be Witcher 4 in a modern city. At this point, I'd be a happy CyberPunk gamer if CD Project Red gave me Roach to ride in Night City. Slow and steady wins the race here,
Played through twice, playing every single side quest. Still can't figure how to make enough legit money to purchase all the cars. Perhaps on my third play through I'll avoid becoming a crafting genius and learn to kill with knives only. Sell every gun I find, argh... there just so much to do and new builds to try out. Different skills and cybernetic enhancements combinations to try out. For a half baked broken game, it sure has been a lot of fun and I can't wait to see what else gets patched and added. Definitely picking up any DLC packs that CD Project Red releases. This game is staying in my favourites.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Fishy Felix
147 products in account
0
2,510 people found this review helpful
84 people found this review funny 199

Not Recommended
228.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2021
I only review games on steam to complete those stupid missions of the Steam Award but this game I feel like I need to make a review. I’ve completed every mission in the game, from secondary missions to open world Ubisoft level missions. I also got every achievement in the game. And here’s what I think.

#Night City:
The world of Cyberbug is completely gorgeous, beautiful or would I say breathtaking?
The world feels real, every inch of the city is rich in details. From walking through the slums in Kabuki or driving through Japantown you can feel how Night City is rich in details and everywhere you go is unique.

#Characters:
The characters that you see on main and secondary missions are one of the things I can't complain about. They feel real, they have motivations and plans.

#Missions:
The game focuses on what instead of why. You don't know why Johnny hates Arasaka or other corporations so much, he just hates and you gotta deal with it. Gigs at a point of the game become boring as duck, “go there and kill a guy, steal something, sabotage something, plant a bug in a computer”, at some point you ask yourself if those missions were made by Ubisoft. The Beat on the Brat missions are literally stupid, 4 hits of those dudes and you are dead, and if you are playing as Netrunner or something like that and don’t focus on body level, one hit is enough.

#AI:
Npcs from games from 2004 are far better than Cyberbug’s npcs. Their reaction to anything is stupid, their only propouse is walk 10 meters back and forward in the streets. You can punch a guy in a wheelchair and he will be walking like nothing happened. If you park a car in the middle of the street, the other cars will simply stay there forever. I feel like they had a monkey in the dev room coding the police AI. The police spawning behind you and oneshot you is a completely normal phenomenon.

#Gameplay:
Cyberbug lets you play many ways, from a skilled Netrunner to a Street Samurai. But its still boring, almost all perks are PASSIVE. They don't change a duck about your gameplay. Most of the perks are cooldown reduction, increased damage, more move speed, reload speed etc etc. The game keeps telling every minute about cyberpsychosis and how dangerous it’s but you can still use cyberware in every place of your body and literally nothing bad will happen to you. Cyberware is mostly passive too. Only arms and legs cyberwares are not passive.

#Life Paths:
I played the 3 paths and it doesn't matter which path you choose, nothing will change in your gameplay. The only thing that changes is some dialogues and that’s it.

#Customizations :
None, nada, rien, nessuna, keiner. You start the game and you make your character and that’s it. You can’t change your hair cut, tattoos, nothing. You can’t customize vehicles. You can't customize a thing in the game. Games like GTA San Andreas and Saints Row 3 could do all of this, but Cyberbug, “the game of the decade”, can't.

There were too many promises about this game, and they could barely keep half of the promises. I loved CDPR for their work in The Witcher trilogy, they builded their respect for a decade, only to duck it up like this, and for what? Money, greed. They released the game at the end of the year so they could get as much money as possible on Christmas sales. And guess what? It ducking worked! They tricked everyone and sold an unfinished game that YES could be the game of the decade. The devs believed the game would be merely done by 2022 and I really feel bad about them. Cyberpunk, a gigantic overpromise.


 

Anão do Cão
514 products in account
98
675 people found this review helpful
91 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
205.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
Not a bad game, but I would wait another year before playing it.
 

ForgettD twitch
156 products in account
26
108 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 31

Recommended
198.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
Its a good game if you have a good PC. Just don't visit the subreddit, hive mind reddit users will give you cancer.
 

tokyo
154 products in account
5
1,906 people found this review helpful
1,789 people found this review funny 252

Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
Product received for free

Wake the ♥♥♥♥ up Samurai, we have a city to optimize.
 

e n l i g h t e n
38 products in account
29
1,787 people found this review helpful
370 people found this review funny 191

Recommended
83.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2021
Public's opinion is a fickle thing. Don't play with it unless you want to burn yourself alive.
It was an interesting experience, to change my perception of a game from "overhyped piece of crap" when everybody was creaming themselves more and more with every piece of marketing CDPR was feeding the gaming audience to "underrated gem" when everybody started racing in the competition of "how to sh*t on the game in the most creative way".
Was it a buggy mess? Yes, it was. A horrible one.
Did I still like it? Absolutely.
Behind that buggy mess there's an interesting game with a deep engaging story and characters, that put most of the gaming competition miles behind.

¯\_(ツ)_/¯ but who am I even trying to convince about it anymore, I'm just writing this review for a steam badge
 

AHKrzych
196 products in account
0
3,366 people found this review helpful
87 people found this review funny 211

Not Recommended
119.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2021
This was supposed to be it. The big one. The game to top all games. It had the marketing. It had the hype. It had the big celeb cameo. But it was not meant to be. The best way to describe this game is "The width of the ocean, but the depth of a puddle". I did enjoy some parts, but overall once the shine had worn off, this game is incredibly mediocre. To be honest, I had more fun with the Deus Ex series than I did with this. But lets get into the pro's and con's of the game:

Positives:

+ The general aesthetic is amazing, nothing comes close.
+ The sound track is awesome.
+ Robot limbs.
+ Weapon design.
+ Amount of missions, both main and side (note "amount", not quality)
+ First few missions are great.
+ Interesting characters.
+ Size of the map.

Negatives:

- Bugs. Oh so many bugs.
- AI is garbage, especially civilians.
- Story starts well, but quickly becomes MEH.
- Police spawn out of nowhere.
- Crafting is no fun.
- Driving feels like you're always on ice.
- "Lifepath" is a 10-minute Go Here And Do X before all 3 become the same path, with some slight dialogue changes.
- Big, boring empty parts of the map.
- Johnny Silverhand is your buddy one minute, and then an a**hole the next like the previous convo never even happened.
- End game choices feel underwhelming.
- Main bad guy seems intimidating and scary the 1 or 2 times you see him throughout. In the finale, he's weak and boring.
- Combat doesn't get challenging once you have a sniper that can see and fire through walls.
- Skill tree is okay, but not fantastic.
- Clothes stats cannot be carried over to pieces you like the look of. Your character looks like a douche for best stats.
- No haircuts.
- S*x Workers (Dolls) were supposed to be everywhere. There is 2, maybe 3 throughout.
- About 75% of what was promised in promo and trailers is absent in the game.

As you can see, the negatives outweigh the positives. Yes, some of the negatives are nitpicky, but these are basic things that should have been in the game from day 1.

The game is overall fun for a while, but I cannot recommend it. Maybe when all the fixes, DLCs and everything is out in a few years time I might go back to it. Otherwise, my hard drive space is better used on other titles.

Most importantly - STOP PRE-ORDERING GAMES. Only when you stop this, will Devs start putting more effort into releasing a completed product. If you put your money in their hands before they put the product in yours, they have no accountability.
 

A Tiny Tiny Man
136 products in account
0
789 people found this review helpful
651 people found this review funny 54

Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2021
Wake the ♥♥♥♥ up Samurai, we have a city to optimize.
 

ANDYROXUS
509 products in account
0
1,622 people found this review helpful
2,035 people found this review funny 226

Not Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2021
Like the developers, I didn't finish the game
 

brendan.giblin
135 products in account
0
2,237 people found this review helpful
85 people found this review funny 274

Recommended
151.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2020
I’ve played Cyberpunk 2077 for 100+ hours at this point and 100%-ed the game, so here’s my spoiler-free review 😊 :

I went into Cyberpunk pretty blind, other than watching the occasional trailer so while I kinda knew the basic theme of the game, I had little idea about the actual game, mechanics, features etc. I ended up at 50/50 Attributes / Street Cred


GAMEPLAY (8/10):

Fairly simple, but fun and varied – and I think that’s the best way to describe it. I tried everything from being a sneaky, pacifist hacker, katana-bearing demon ninja and an all out Rambo. Landing headshots with an assault rifle is just as satisfying as making some poor scrub team kill with his own grenade, as is melee “slicin n dicin”. That being said, hacking does seem a little slower than combat and eventually, the melee style gets a little old. There were times that I just lost patience towards the end of the game and went in guns blazing, even on stealth missions. Unless you enjoy solving puzzles, hacking quickly becomes a chore as it is unintuitive and boring.

The difficulty modes are a bit out of whack. I played the game in the hardest difficulty mode – it was a bit tough in the beginning, but got much easier towards the end.
The AI in this game is absolutely brain dead and needs a lot of rework. I could snipe enemies from a distance and they’d barely move. It seems as if they have a certain radius that will not leave. The police AI is hot garbage – they appear out of nowhere and apparently, they have no budget for cars.
Speaking of cars, driving in the game is an absolute chore. The cars are too “floaty” and the mini-map is way too zoomed in. I ended up sticking to the motorcycles, which were bearable. Also, are you telling me that there are no self-driving cars in 2077?
Crafting is pretty bland, sadly. Disassemble components, craft, upgrade, rinse, repeat. Even the perks for crafting aren’t anything great. Inventory management is an annoyance and could use a lot of TLC.


STORY (9/10):

This is where the game really shines. The main quest as well as the side quests are a blast and supported by solid story lines. With the exception of one NPC storyline, I really got into their stories. The theme of the quests have a nice variety to them - some were about forgiveness and redemption, others about moral choices and the media, etc. – but nearly all of them were memorable. Most of the side quests had fun twists including a guest appearance from a well known Portal 2 voice. There’s a quest in which you aren’t told of the final outcome, but if you listen to the news broadcasts, you figure out what happens in the end.
The dialogues are some of the best written in my experience. There’s raw emotion mixed in with rationale and the writers did a great job in giving the player enough response options. The humor in many of the NPC dialogues had me chuckling out loud, which is rare for a game these days. I’d really recommend that one complete NPC story lines without getting distracted by other quests. It really lends to the true experience and is way more satisfying than doing it piece meal.

The romance options are good, but not great. A lot depends on your gender AND your voice, so choose wisely. Suffice to say, there’s someone out there for you but it may not be who you want. Also, please keep in mind that “Angel is male and Skye is female” or you’ll end going “oh no no no no no” as I did.
There are 5 possible endings including one REALLY “bad” ending (which I doubt anyone will go through). Some of the ending choices are a different because of your choices / questlines. I love the concept of multiple endings, so this was an absolute win in my book.
A major flaw is some of the epilogue and it’s hard to discuss without spoiling it. There are parts in a couple of the endings that makes little sense because those events either did not happen or don’t make sense. This may not be a critical factor to some people, however to me, the epilogue is very important as it brings closure to a story.


GRAPHICS (10/10):

I played the game on a 3090 and WOW – the graphics are just mind blowing! With ray tracing and DLSS, I found myself just wandering around in awe. Areas like Kabuki are incredible to behold. Keep in mind that the graphics will spank your GPU, but it’s so worth it! I used some of the presets as recommended by Digital Foundry and Gamers Nexus and then optimized them for my rig. I was able to get a steady 60 fps after a bit of tinkering.


BUGS:

No review of this game would be complete without discussing some of the many bugs. Other than graphical bugs like T-posing (which are annoying), there are some game breaking bugs. Some NPCs won’t open a door that’s required for progression, while others won’t clear a checkpoint because you chose an alternative route. These bugs are incredibly annoying. I saved frequently so that I wouldn’t have to restart a mission from scratch. This game could’ve used a LOT more QA. There are bugs that break immersion, which may be forgiven sometimes – but game breaking bugs are unforgivable in a AAA RPG.


WASTED POTENTIAL:

After finishing the game, I looked up the features and promises that the game was supposed to have. It would’ve been awesome to have those and I can’t help but feel that the game has so much wasted potential in it. It could’ve become a true game changer (pun intended) like Half Life had it lived up to its original vision. Gang allegiances, cyberware-customization, choices that REALLY impacted the game, etc. would’ve elevated this game to a legendary status. The game world, while gorgeous, doesn’t have the NPC “richness” in which one may see NPCs observe a particular routine or react like events around them (other than cower in fear).


FINAL THOUGHTS AND OVERALL SCORE (9/10):

Cyberpunk is definitely one of the best games that I’ve played this year. I’m not sure that I’d call it a true RPG, but perhaps a RPG-lite. It has solid, gratifying and varied storylines with a long list of memorable characters and “big moments”. The main story and most of the side quests are very well written and resonate with the player. The characters from the game will stick in my mind for a long time. It definitely has serious flaws, which can’t be brushed aside. However, are these flaws serious enough for one to NOT play it right now? In my opinion, no – you can play it right now and get your moneys’ worth without any regrets.
 

Khamsinvera
354 products in account
96
739 people found this review helpful
34 people found this review funny 38

Recommended
128.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 16
Patch 1.5 pretty much fixed the game.

Now you can immediately see on the map which quests are gigs or NCPD-quests (blue) and which are side quests (yellow) and worth your time. I am playing the game for the first time and went through ca. 2/5ths / 20 hours of the games' side content again after the patch was released (I found out you can save a main story character when I looked into a 100% guide before the point of no return, yeeaah...), so you can trust me when I say that the difference in graphics and gameplay is substancial.

On top of that I didn't encounter most of the bugs from version 1.31 in 1.5 and the graphics are now on the level of the 9th console generation.

The only thing that the patch couldn't fix is what Cyberpunk 2077 is in its core, a (in my opinion) artistically, technically and gameplaywise very impressive, but storywise very underwhelming and at best mediocre game that cant live up to the success of The Witcher 3, a game that was the result of over 10 years of learning from failures and constant refinement of the formula by CD Projekt (everyone who played the Witcher 1 will know what I am talking about). Cyberpunk doesn't have that advantage, it is the first entry in a new franchise, in a setting that the developers had little to no experience with, plus they had to cope with a mountain of expectations and pressure. The game was hyped to death by people and the publisher didn't do itself a favor with their bold statements about the work of other publishers (EA) and misleading marketing material. But the game itself has still potential and a solid foundation on which can be built upon.

Briefly, if you played with the thought to get the game but were deterred by the bad initial player reception, and set your expectations more on a Witcher 2 rather than a Witcher 3 level, now is probably the the best time to give it a shot.
 

Stonerhenge
201 products in account
51
579 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
58.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2021
Previously, was unplayable. Optimization was ungodly levels of bad. Glitches...you probably already know. Playing it today? I can run the game on max settings at 60 fps with a 1660ti, and the worst glitch I ran into was an annoying "You Are Doing Something Illegal" popup that didn't go away. I fixed it by promptly shooting the next civilian that pissed me off, ironically enough.
Story is good, characters are even better, especially Silverhand. Wish there was more development for our MC than "Keanu Reeves is in my head", but the random encounters with sidequest characters and Johnny's condescending comments throughout make up for that.
Graphically mindblowing. Unbelievable work by CDPR. Best graphics I've ever seen in a game to date. All there is to say.
Combat is...not what I hoped for all the time. I expected a lot more cybernetics and cool abilities than simply enhancing your ability to peek out from cover and shoot like a TPS. I would strongly suggest building either hacking or an extremely aggressive build to mix things up. I played a shotgun/tech run, and had an absolute blast. Stealth is actually fantastic, too, which I wasn't expecting.
Is it finally the game CDPR advertised? No. Far from it. What they advertised would have taken another 5-10 years in development. I really wish it could've worked out that way, but they had a deadline to meet. Tragic, really, because they clearly put a lot of effort and love into this game. HOWEVER, I can safely say that it's definitely worth the full sixty dollar price tag. It absolutely feels like an AAA game now, and is far better than the vast majority of single player games I've played. The only reason that there is anything that I'm bitter about is because of the violated promises from the devs, though I can't really blame them. All I can really say is that I hope consumers don't push CDPR to force their content out, because given more time, I genuinely think this could have competed with or topped Witcher 3.
In short, what they promised? No. Still worth it? Yes. Great game, and I'm going to have many more hours in this to come.
 

Banannana
118 products in account
14
481 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 59

Recommended
99.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 1, 2021
Cyberpunk 2077 is like a mixed bag of gummybears…

The World…breathtaking on the surface

Let’s start with the world and the visuals. The graphics are generally breathtaking (definitely comparable to the red gummy bears!). On the surface Night City is a sight to behold. Especially the raytraced lighting really shines with all the neon lights everywhere, giving the city a realistic eyegasmic look.
The illusion of a breathing, living world falls apart though, if you look too closely.

The “inhabitants” of Night City feel like bland robots, walking from A to B no matter what, with no brain. The spawn system randomizes the look certain body parts and then spawns these creatures into the world. Sadly, this system does not check if it spawns an NPC-instance more than once in the same area. Occasionally, the same pink-haired meatbags spawn in hordes in a radius of 25 meters... A quote of Star Wars: Episode II: Attack of the Clones describes that phenomenon really well: “200,000 units are ready, with a million more well on the way.”.

There are some interesting, big buildings, that you would love to explore from the inside, but in nearly all cases you will be greeted with the typical “X – Closed”- UI hint, when you walk towards any door.

The Main Story and Side Quests…Interesting and well executed

The Main Story is awesome and is the reason that made me keep playing Cyberpunk until the end. Some characters are just hilariously bad and bland (-> “Adam Smasher”) and some parts of the main storyline were obviously cut out, especially in the first Act of the game (-> Jacky).
The main aspects, regarding the impact of technical modification of the human body in the near future, the resulting consequences and the question of what it means to be “alive” and “human” are well handled. First, I did not care about Johnny at all, and thought he was quite annoying shouting his “Anti Corpo”-propaganda into the ears of my V every five minutes. However, progressing through the story more and more, he grew on me. Keanu Reeves was a worthy investment.

Some of the side quests also tell unique and interesting stories that add value to the overall experience and tone of the game. Depending on which quests you did and partially, which decisions you made, there are a few different endings, that range from “okay” to “Damn, that was actually quite nice”.

The “Open World busywork” … the disgusting, bad tasting gummy bears

Like most Open World games nowadays, Cyberpunk also falls into the category of games, that attempt to artificially blow-up the playtime by adding meaningless, repetitive “content” to the game. The so called “gigs” and “NCPD”-hustles are sprinkled over the map, like too much salt on fries. These activities always follow the same few patterns: “Kill all people and collect a Gucci back, that is laying around there” and “Go into that building, free that guy… oh and by the way, that closed door, never mind it! There is an open window if you look 90 degrees to your left or right”. This type of content adds nothing to the experience of the game and feels like those weird liquorice bats added to the gummy bear boxes (for people who like those ones: //insert gummy bears that you hate …You kind of do not want to have them, but you bought them with the whole package.

The Game Mechanics

The gunplay feels generally solid, there is a lot of variety of ranged weaponry. The Stealth gameplay also works quite well, with its quick-hack mechanics and can be fun at times. The melee combat on the other hand feels bland to jokingly bad and consists of the same two to three, clunky animations chained together repeatedly. The dismemberment looks quite satisfying though!

The skill tree consists mostly of entries that provide passive stat-manipulations with no real impact on gameplay. To be honest that part of the game could have been cut out completely and I wouldn’t have noticed it at all! The Cybernetics are fun to use and change the way to play the game. There is a lot of variety offered and trying out new combinations and modifications is adding a lot to the gameplay experience! Especially the “bullet-time-like”-feature and the arm projectile launcher are a joy!

The Audio experience…a mixed bag

Audio-wise this game is a mixed bag and suffers from several issues. Sometimes music or ambient sounds randomly disappear abruptly or are missing their fade out-effects. Certain audio-effects are often playing at a way too high or low volume depending on the distance of the player. Those issues are occurring way too often, sadly. The bugs and issues regarding the mixing and spatial audio were the ones, that broke the immersion for me the most in this game.

The soundtrack enhances the atmosphere and fits the game perfectly! There are some so called “bangers” in there, as the eloquent kids of the modern world would say! A few more combat tracks would have been nice. The same few action tracks repeat a bit too often for my taste. But in general, great music and the sound effects are also good, just the mixing is totally messed up.

The bugs…from mutated funny gummy bears to the super hard ones, that you cannot chew and swallow at all…

Besides the annoying aforementioned audio issues, there are a handful of other bugs, regarding the pathfinding of the AI and some animation issues that can break immersion. Those can be quite funny at the same time though. Each player will experience a different number of bugs, maybe some are even lucky and do not encounter ones at all, I encountered many. Besides some T-Posing while driving a car, NPCs walking in the air or godlike, flying traffic lights, that could be mostly ignored, there are also some bugs that negatively impacted the experience.

An Issue, where UI elements did not turn on/off after entering/leaving a vehicle occurred way more often than I would have liked. At one point a dialogue/interaction option that already got triggered, stayed in the dialogue-options and could be triggered again, teleporting me to a position where I have been a few moments ago and blocking the progression of the quest. Most of these issues could be resolved by loading a recent checkpoint, but those bugs negatively impacted the fun I had with the game. All the bugs are a testament of a game, that needed way time in the oven. More than one additional year for sure.

All in all Cyberpunk is a mixed bag of gummybears. Just like every person has different expectations and taste regarding gummybears, the experience with Cyberpunk can be joyful or not. Do you expect a “Living breathing world” represented in the form of a highly interactive and real feeling open world? …Sorry, you will not find that here. Look elsewhere! Do you expect an RPG-Epos à la Witcher 3? Yeah no…this is a different kind of gummyb… game, with a different focus. Do you expect an interesting and well executed narrative experience? Yes! The main story and the side missions are totally worth a playthrough. That’s what I personally expected going into the game and that’s why I gave this game still a “recommended” rating. Besides the bugs that can and should be fixed in patches, the issues with the immersion of the open world and the total waste of resources on meaningless Open-World busywork do not justify calling Cyberpunk a “great game”. Cyberpunk is a “good game” with flaws, that can still be enjoyed though! I would advise to wait for a sale, or the inevitable “Enhanced edition”, that might be released down the line once all bugs are fixed, and the Expansions are released. Just check your expectations, or taste in gummy bears, and look if Cyberpunk 2077 is the right thing for you! If someone would aim a gun at my head to force me to attach a number that sums up my experience with that game, I would give it a 6.5/10 with the bugs and a 7/10 without them, solid, but not great!
 

Til mit der Brill'
873 products in account
18
352 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
122.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 1
If you've been staying away from the game because of the problems at release, they've been fixed.
Enjoying this game a lot.
Gameplay is fun, story and characters are engaging.
 

El Whiskey
190 products in account
0
1,514 people found this review helpful
172 people found this review funny 107

Not Recommended
114.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2021
wide as an ocean deep as a puddle.
 

Benton (Pebo)
596 products in account
0
467 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
156.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 15
This game did launch HORRIBLY, yes, but slowly I personally feel like they're redeeming themselves. There is still plenty of work to be done, but the fact that they're doing their best to fix the game is really good to see.
 

S H A R K
416 products in account
0
356 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
418.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2021
Cyberpunk 2077 has a lot of issues - I don't deny that. But to tell you the truth, I'd be straight up lying if I said it wasn't some of the most fun I've had in a game in years.

Should games ever release in this condition? Absolutely not. Do I recommend buying CP77? Only if one of the following criteria are met:
-The game has been patched sufficiently
-You have a high tolerance for bugs/glitches/weird AI things
-The game is on sale (>40%)
 

Klip
146 products in account
3
911 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 74

Not Recommended
342.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2021
Patch 1.1-1.3 Review, will redux after my full playthrough wit 1.5
-
　　The story and its writing are great; Each character I met felt like an actual person in real life. Surprisingly, Johnny Silverhand is a great character. At times, Johnny is one of the most human characters I've seen in a game. The romance and story-related sidequests are great. Even some of the gigs have lots of little details strung about and can be intriguing. But many/most of the sidequests/gigs in Cyberpunk are extremely cookie cutter.
　　Combat is quite fun. Gun combat can occasionally feel oddly smoothed. But for the most part, it's good. Coming from the Witcher, I expected the melee combat to be polished and well-implemented. But Melee combat feels undercooked and unsatisfying. Movement can be extremely good at times, but other times it can feel like you have too much or too little control.
　　RPG elements are not the focus of Cyberpunk. Like the Witcher, your character is pre-established, no matter what you are V, and V is destined to do many things, but other things can change along the way. However, that does not excuse how completely linear feeling a lot of quests and stories can be. Or how many plotlines and entire characters are abandoned altogether after finishing one or two quests.
　　Hacking was a major part of the advertising and marketing of Cyberpunk. However, hacking is one of the most underutilized game mechanics in the entire game. Other than how powerful it can be in combat when fully leveled, or how useful it can be in stealth, hacking takes a backseat to a lot of the gameplay. The breach protocol puzzles leave me scratching my head at how sometimes easy or hard they can be; it feels like that could've been developed or added onto further.
　　The art and design of Cyberpunk are quite a spectacle. You can see the number of hours of hard work put into making the game look as good as it does. But I'm mixed on the graphics in this game. I don't have RTX so I cannot speak for what it adds to graphics. However, Cyberpunk can be stunning at times, especially at night or in the rain. Cyberpunk can look extremely flat at other times, especially during the day or in the badlands. The SSR solution for this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and makes everything grainy. The eye adjustment effect in this game is horrible; there are points where everything is blown out and impossible to see through.
　　Bugs run rampant in Cyberpunk. Cyberpunk at launch was a mess, especially on last-gen consoles. However, that didn't stop many of those bugs from occurring on PC. Occasionally, entire sections of the city will not fully load by the time you get there. Sound effects will sometimes either be delayed or refuse to play at all. The AI occasionally doesn't load until a few seconds after you've already encountered the NPC(s). Visual bugs aside, game-breaking bugs can occur and did occur quite frequently before patch 1.2. Gigs failing to end or whole quests getting soft-locked are just a few of the game-breaking bugs I have experienced.
　　Night city is a gigantic, dense, and beautiful place. However, beyond surface level, there is almost nothing to be found. Most buildings and settlements are either locked or empty. The many stalls you find peppered around night city are just for show, only a few ever sell you a limited amount of generic junk. There are no minigames or events for you to participate in. Other than generic gang and enemy spots, there are few things to explore. The most to do around Night City is clearing out generic bandit camps all over the map.
　　Cyberpunk is a very ambitious game, with a lot of work put into it. I have a lot of respect for the many developers, artists, and employees of CDPR that worked on Cyberpunk relentlessly. In its current state, I could still not recommend Cyberpunk to those looking for an experience like the Witcher 3. Cyberpunk is currently more akin to a Far Cry game. However, with time and proper management, I believe Cyberpunk can be polished and developed further into the experience that more people were looking forward to.
-
EDIT: July 28th, 2021
　　Currently, I am attempting a full second playthrough on the latest patch (1.23 as of writing this) with some mods added. My experience is better now. Now I find myself disagreeing/criticizing a lot of what was in this review, and I have mostly rewritten it in its entirety. I have archived the old review. However, I cannot fit it below as I will hit the character limit.
 

Jeremy Dairy
170 products in account
55
1,182 people found this review helpful
84 people found this review funny 186

Recommended
620.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2021
This game was a game of firsts for me. My first pre order, my first modern rpg, my first 500 hours spent in a game, my first long ass review no one will even read. But I need to talk about this game, because it´s that good.

The story touched me in ways I couldn´t have foreseen. Johnny's frustration with the system and the desire to change it, when there's really no clear or clean way to do so was incredibly relatable, and it put a lot of my thoughts into words. The story is good, not too long, which, paired up with some great side-quests, makes for a longer experience if you desire it.

One of my favourite aspects of this game is the customization. For your build, and for your character. Being able to play as a woman, made to look like I want her too, with great voice acting and to have me able to choose her clothes, and choose the build, which can be anything from melee to stealth to guns to sniper rifles, was a major deal breaker. Yes the game is first person, and I would't have it any other way, as there's many moments that would only work in first person, but you know how your character looks, you hear her, you see her in the mirror. And as a woman, being able to play as one in game was great for my immersion.

The gameplay. Ah, where do I even start? There's a lot, a lot of options, so as you imagine there's some hits and some misses. The melee combat could use some work, and as much as I would love to use the monowire more, the execution of it lacks some nedeed complexity. But the gunplay is amazing, the details in the guns, the animation, the sounds are great, and they're just fun to use. The katanas are very good too. There's also a lot of cyberware, from your cyberdeck to the double jump legs, which opens a lot of doors for different builds. The stealth is fun without being too challenging.

The music. THE MUSIC. It feels like a love letter to music and rock sometimes. I can't listen to "Been Good to Know ya" or "Never Fade Away" without crying a little. The quality of the music really makes the world believable, they sound and feel like they were recorded there.

I could go on forever, I really could. This game watched me grow. I went from struggling on easy with a very bad build to thriving on very hard. I know I love this game because it's message stays with me and I carry it and think about it on my day to day life. I loved it from the moment I read the description back in september 2020, and I love it now, more than one year later, because it taught me to keep fighting, even if the fight seems already lost. The game is not perfect, and this is not an objective review by any means, because objectivity is overrated when there's so much soul to be seen and felt every second you play it.
Thank you

Thank you for everything.
 

pipa39
66 products in account
37
2,702 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 254

Not Recommended
84.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2020
Reviewed version: 1.06

The Positives

- Graphics, especially with RT, are absolutely next gen and stunning.
- Story and most "real"/major side quests are for the most part well done.
- Voice acting, especially by female V, is top notch, as are the production values in general - animations, motion capture, facial animations, lip sync.
- The City is beautiful, detailed and sprawling, just the right size to not be too overwhelming but to have a lot of room and variance. It is a perfect base for things to come, hopefully, as right now there is just nothing there - see under Negatives.
- The Cyberware system is pretty fun and useful to augment your character or make up for its shortcomings. Also it's the only system in the game that actually gives you a meaningful feeling of progression and increasing power, especially the double jump which is a total game changer.
- Stealth is relatively fun and usually a viable option - even if it's always realistically faster and easier to just kill everything guns blazing due to how unbalanced the game as a whole is.

Neutral

- Combat is just average, serviceable, but nothing to write home about.
- Driving is relatively bad compared to other similar games such as GTA series, but it does its job, except the damn zoomed-in Minimap which will make you miss every turn if you are driving more than 50 mph.

Negatives

Unfortunately the category where most points will have to go.

- BUGS. The amount of bugs in this game is absolutely insane - I've never played a buggier game and that includes early access and Beta titles. Literally every aspect of the game is bugged heavily, some are easier to notice, some harder. Many of them are, at least, easily fixed with a Load game, but they happen often enough to pull you out of the world every few min. And some are huge and make entire game systems not function - such as most armor mods not working at all, or perks not working as intended.

- OPEN WORLD as a whole is extremely underdeveloped and shallow - basically non existant. Outside of the 100% scripted missions, and Paint-the-map gigs and NCPD jobs (most of which are the same - come here, kill and loot, job done), there is no pedestrian AI at all, no Police AI, no reputation system of any sort - you just kill a million members from each gang and they all still love you and their bosses still work with you without a word, no fun activities, no hangouts with love interest/ buddies, no car customization, no property buying or at least apartment customization (nor any reason to visit it ever)... Many basic things missing, even stuff that appeared in other games such as GTA 3 20 years ago.

- ITEMIZATION is probably the worst I have ever seen in an RPG. You have literally a couple of guns, a baseball bat, a few bladed weapons... and that's it. They all get random “quality”, and they scale with your level. The system where items get a random number of mod slots is just the worst - for example you can find Legendary items with 0-4 mod slots. Legendary with 0 mod slots is EXACTLY THE SAME as just a white item of that level (??!). So you are forced to savescum to obtain Legendaries with max mod slots, which you can already do as early as lvl 8, and from there you can just keep crafting Armadillo mod (which scales with your level and you can even craft Epic versions without having the Perk for Epic crafting) and never worry about any items ever again, they just become an annoyance. Iconic/unique items serve no purpose at all as they are always much worse than just random things you already wear - unless you invest 20 points into Crafting to be able to upgrade them to Legendary quality. And if you do that you lose most of your combat/stealth/ hacking potency so it's definitely not worth it to get a 5% better item. Leading to...

- BALANCE: Non existant. I played at Hard from the beginning and I was able to 1 shot most enemies including bosses through the entire game with just 1 Katana strike to the head. Just from buying a new legendary Katana on the same vendor every 10 or so levels. Once you stack some Armadillo mods you become completely invulnerable to enemy bullet fire - but somehow still get 1 shot by any explosion or melee weapon. I guess this is an error in damage calculations, i.e. a bug, but that's how it is at the time of writing this review.

- NO REPLAYABILITY / CHOICES DON'T MATTER: Unfortunately I don't see the game having any replay value due to having basically NO meaningful choices at all. The origin story just gives you some unique dialogue which doesn't really ever change the quest or dialogue in a meaningful way. Regarding the story, I can already see it being a lot worse on subsequent playthroughs as a heavy focus is put on just slowly walking/ driving and talking from objective to objective, in completely linear missions with very little to no player agency. Once you already know what's going to happen, I just don't see it being fun.

- PACING is completely broken as well. If you do gigs/ NCPD missions you will very quickly outlevel the entire content and have all quests at "Very low" threat level until the end of the game. Also towards the end you will find yourself in a situation where you have several side quest chains unresolved and have to spend hours driving around the town waiting for people to call you and give you next parts of the quest - while on main quest you are already at the "point of no return". What can easily happen is that you think you are done with all sidequests and you just go finish the game - without ever knowing you were supposed to wait for 72h for another call to continue the chain.

- SCRIPTED AND OPEN WORLD DON'T MIX WELL - By this I mean situations where you kill a guy in a quest... and then you reach him in the main quest later on and not only is he alive but you both act as if you just met. This happens on several occasions. Also it's pretty funny when you have a scripted car chase as part of a quest and you can see the regular cars keep disappearing all around you, so the scripted ones that are supposed to cut you off on intersections can spawn in instead - it looks insanely amateurish and completely takes you out of the game. Or, I have a guy scan my cyberware during a quest and he calls it "complete garbage", while I actually am decked out in full BiS Legendary cyberware - just cause the script expects me to be lvl 10 at that point, while I'm actually 40. Way too many continuity errors like that everywhere.

Conclusion

All in all, as someone who considers Witcher 3 the best single player game of all time, I'm deeply disappointed by what Cyberpunk turned to be. The further I progressed in the game and the more I played around with its "systems" - or a lack thereof - the more apparent it was that most of the budget and development time went into the scripted quests, while basically all other elements are left criminally underdeveloped. CDPR turned from the golden son of gaming to worse than Bethesda overnight, seeing how they on purpose lied about many aspects and systems of the game that never made it in not even in a most basic form; not to even mention the bugs, nor the console situation.

That said, the game does have that certain "something" that makes you wanna login and play, so it it not outside of the realm of possibility for CDPR to actually make it a great game it was supposed to be, a few years down the line. However after finishing the entire game I'm doubting it a bit as there's just too much wrong with it - for starters they will need at least 6 months of heavily working on the game just to fix most of the bugs - so without any gameplay additions or enhancements.
 

Shadeslayer
202 products in account
152
10,951 people found this review helpful
274 people found this review funny 1,371

Not Recommended
41.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
The game looks absolutely amazing, Night City is probably the most visually stunning environment I have seen in a game. The problem is, that's about all this game has going for it. Yes it looks amazing, but everything else is lacking.

Let's start with the character customization. In all the marketing we saw, style and body modification were shown to be a huge part of what this game would be about. What we got, however, was unremarkable. Aside from customizable genitals (which except for in the inventory menu, you will never see again after you've created your character) this character creator had no more depth than your average character customization in games, and in a lot of areas, it had less. Many of the NPCs in the game have cool looking cybernetic eyes, arms, and legs, but your character has no access to any of that. In terms of cybernetics that affect your appearance, all you really have are the little bits of metal on your face. To make matters even worse, once you've created your V, that's it. You can't change your appearance any more. Despite the fact that the ads implied in Night City, you could change your appearance and and body on a whim, you can't. Not even your hairstyle or tattoos, let alone cybernetics.

The next thing I want to talk about is character choice. Aside from the intro mission, and maybe a few bits at the end of the game, you really don't have much control over V's personality or choices. V essentially becomes the same character no matter what you choose. For example, I chose Corpo as my lifepath. After the very first introductory mission, V went from being a cold, calculating Corpo completely devoid of morals, to being a passionate, tough talking mercenary. I had no say in the personality shift, the change just happens, and it happens in literally minutes.

The world itself was also a let down. I went into this thinking it would be a sprawling open world with lots of exploring to do and interesting things to discover. But what I found was, while it is clear that tons of effort went into crafting the beautiful city, it really doesn't go deeper than the surface level. Yes there are tons of NPCs walking around, but the city does not live and breathe. It is completely static, and the AI leaves a lot to be desired. As many have already pointed out, the AI seem to be the absolute bare minimum, they walk, talk, and run away if you scare them. That's it. The police AI are a complete joke. If you get in trouble with the law, police just spawn feet away from you, no matter where you are. In the middle of the desert, on a freeway, on top of a building, police just materialize out of nowhere.

The story definitely had it's moments, and I did very much like the ending I got. I was very disappointed that you do not get to go back to Night City afterwards, and see how your decisions affect the world. Instead, you are simply given the opportunity to go back to your last save before starting the final mission. I found that story missions, side missions, and gigs all played pretty much the same way. Accept a job, go in either guns blazing or silently, find something, then get out and accept your payment.

The cybernetics and gear system was weird, to say the least. Even playing on hard, I never had any reason to get into crafting or cybernetics to be powerful enough to get by. I wanted to get into cybernetics more, but even doing all the side missions and gigs didn't yield enough money to be able to afford the good stuff. By the end of the game. I had only added one or two new cybernetics to my character.

I was also disappointed with V's apartment. You get one apartment, you can't get new or nicer ones. On top of that, there is no reason to ever return to the apartment you do have. Yes you can stash stuff there, but that's it, other than that it is pointless and you can forget it even exists. I also found it strange that there was no way to customize or upgrade cars. You spend so much time in your vehicles, but you can't do anything with them besides drive from point A to point B.

This is tough, because if it had been advertised as what it is, I might have thought it was a really good game. But aside from visually, this game was not nearly as deep as I got the impression it would be. Part of the blame lies with me, after the Witcher 3 I had faith that CDPR would deliver another masterpiece. That was an unrealistic expectation I realize. But at the same time, I don't think anyone can deny that this game is not what we were told it would be. Yes it was probably largely the media that made expectations so high, but I do believe that CDPR did, in this case, overpromise and underdeliver.

If Steam had a numerical rating system, I'd probably give the game a 7/10. But because I have to choose recommend or don't recommend, I have to choose the negative option. I might reconsider later on after patches and DLC, but I believe many of the problems cannot be fixed in that way.
 

Gold Wizard Jimbo
121 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 1,191

Recommended
137.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
Man where do I begin. Let me start by saying I'm 56 hours in and yet to finish the game. The main story is awesome and engaging, some NPCs are really likable, there are awesome side quests and little easter eggs, fun things to find like skippy the smart gun. smart guns and netrunning are fun and refreshing, almost watchdogs like. Combat is good for an RPG.

Now the bad part tho is it's hardly an RPG and not at all what we were promised. You don't really define V, he's a predefined character with a dream of becoming a night city legend and he acts solely in that way, it's not your character. Getting to pick your peepee isn't defining your character.

We were promised a next level immersive open world RPG where you get to define who you are and how you approach the game. Literally none of it is true.

Let me start with the AI or rather lack of thereof. The civilians just run a few feet and duck in the open till the end times. If you shoot a vehicle they just do nothing, don't even attempt to drive away just freeze in place and that's it. The driving AI though, damn that's a whole nother level of bad. I've parked my car on the sidewalk with only like a feet sticking out on the actual road and there formed a huge traffic jam cause of it. The hostile mobs are not perhaps as dumb as some games out there but not the brightest either, certainly nothing next gen about it.

The scripted scenes are all on rails, like Jackie driving you the car is literally not driving. The opponent vehicles are all driving along a predefined path and nothing you can do will change it. Shooting NPCs in car chases stuns them at best, you can't kill them, shoot their tires or anything. But that's not as bad as NPC pathing during scripted scenes, try parking a vehicle in their predefined path and they'll clip straight through it.

Character creation isn't really as good either, there are no sliders to make your character fat, muscular or short. Cosmetic cyberware is extremely limited. There's no way to modify your looks outside of character creation, which in a cyberpunk game where body modifications are a prime focus is just lazy. Functional Cyberware is also extremely limited and bland.

The live megabuildings we were promised, well there are only a couple you can enter and all of them are 1 or 2 stories only.
Unique NPC's with full day/night cycles and reactions to your actions literally spawn/despawn behind your back, the same thing with vehicles. The whole vertical build seems to be a huge scam too. Like there are roof tops and multi level streets but that's about it. You can hardly enter any buildings.

The immersive features are severely lacking.
- There are only a few vendors with only interaction with them being 'got some eddies to burn'.
- NPCs have no inventories.
- The loot drops like its some hack'n'slash game with most of it being junk.
- There are no factions or karma systems.
- There's no item ownership, you can literally wipe everything clean and no one gives the slightest.
- There are no police chases, you can move 1 block away and all your crimes against humanity are forgiven.
- Most the side content is just go there kill every bad guy get your eddies.
- There are no dynamic encounters, once you clear an area it's safe and empty till the end of the game.
- You can't sit on mostly anything outside scripted scenes and your apartment.
- There are no containers that aren't loot chests.
- The consumables are junk, there's no animation for any of that and the effects mean little.
- There's only one uncustomizable apartment in the entire game.
- There's no garage or car customization, you can own vehicles but they just spawn when you want them to and you can only get them in a predefined color and configuration.
- The quick travel isn't a train or public transport, it's just a click this holo map and teleport.
- There's very little to do in the game world outside of quests in general.

The only thing this game lived up to is the Cyberprank 2077 meme.

So overall if you want a fun game with a good story and decent combat, go for it. If you expected a next gen immersive world where you could sink hundreds of hours without even touching the main story, this isn't it.

Edit: 1.5 made this game infinitely better. It's now somewhat of a GTA in a cyberpunk setting with more customization/RP in some places and less in others. Hoping the DLCs will eventually make the game awesome.
 

zeiss131
25 products in account
410
537 people found this review helpful
233 people found this review funny 25

Recommended
86.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2021
Best broken game i have ever played :)
 

HeruVodou
132 products in account
9
2,856 people found this review helpful
688 people found this review funny 256

Not Recommended
50.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2021
I feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clown for pre-ordering this game.
 

blur
402 products in account
0
1,485 people found this review helpful
286 people found this review funny 143

Recommended
34.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☑ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☑ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☑ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10

Looks great if you have a computer built to fight god. Even after a year of patches, the game is rather unstable at times, and some of the graphical glitches are unfortunate. Gameplay is serviceable, story is good with glimmers of greatness. Either way, could use some more time in the oven
 

Wobbertson
108 products in account
0
259 people found this review helpful
510 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2021
laptop managed to cook an egg while playing this. can’t wait for the expansion that hopefully will also allow it to cook my dinner.
 

slimshady11
21 products in account
0
752 people found this review helpful
1,203 people found this review funny 135

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 8
Just like the developers, I haven't finished the game
 

Mason LXIX
107 products in account
0
1,276 people found this review helpful
69 people found this review funny 130

Recommended
87.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 4
Hey fans. I worked at CDPR in Warsaw, Poland and I told them every time they made a mistake but they often refused to listen. I'm so sorry they were only listening to devs ignorant of the IP instead of those of us who genuinely care about the game and the Cyberpunk brand. They have lost touch and it's disappointing. I feel bad for Mike, most of all.

Taking all of us out of the credits was the biggest insult. I love and hate this game because CDPR stock was all the Directors seemed to care about in the end and it only hurt the game, the devs, and fans. Way to go, głupi.

Feb-15-2022: After a couple hours with the 1.5 update, the game has issues (in what seems) to be streaming and unloading of assets that can cause performance drop until you save, exit the application, and reload. I'm rooting for you Red. If you want to be real rebels, as we claimed to be, it needs to start from the ground up because the folks that built this incredible Polish studio have become the things they claimed to fight against from the start.

FEB-19-2022: The 10gb patch has fixed the performance issues! :)

We put years of our lives into this game and this is not the legacy we wanted to leave behind. We were supposed to create THE Cyberpunk game, not "a cyberpunk game".

I'm still going to root for you next time because I believe people learn from their mistakes if they truly care about the work and art they share with the world to enjoy because that's what it comes down to in the end: We make games to entertain, educate, emotionally impact in interesting ways, and help them become better human beings through the games we create because we find all of these things to be deep forms of fun rooted underneath all of this chrome.

Good luck, next time. I'd love to see The Witcher 4 playing as Ciri BTW. More Female Protagonists, please. Cyberpunk 2088 or whatever would be cool with me too. Let's do better next time and I'll keep cheering you on in my odd way.

Love,

The Inspirer
 

Visceronika
4,655 products in account
51
1,756 people found this review helpful
238 people found this review funny 164

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 26
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10

 

Tom
46 products in account
0
812 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
344.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
Story, characters, theme, quests, soundtrack, combat, weapons are great. At the time of this writing the game IS buggy as hell. Keep in mind this opinion comes from a person that is great fan of games like Deus Ex, System Shock, Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines, Metro 2033, STALKER, E.Y.E... all of those games are buggy to a bigger or lesser extent.

Me personally, I love Cyberpunk 2077
 

VанЯ
532 products in account
0
1,400 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 77

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
This game "so far" is exceeding my expectations, and I am absolutely loving the content.

I am writing this review early just to point out some things before you make the purchase:

1. There are LOADS of bugs, most can be bypassed but they are irritating to say the least.

2. You NEED a modern Gaming PC to run this game properly. I'm using a GTX 1080 with a i5-4690k at 4Ghz and am having a rough time reaching 40fps on medium settings @1440p

3. This game is HEAVY on dialogue. Don't get me wrong, the dialogue and characters are great, but expect to spend at least 50% of the time talking and making choices.


Beyond that, I really have no complaints. The combat is fresh, interesting, cool weapons, a very expansive skill-tree, great story, great characters, meaningful choices, well designed missions, mature content ♥, great graphics, a very large city to explore, and it seems like there is plenty of content. (20 hours for the main story?)
 

GamingTaylor
15,081 products in account
90
605 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 44

Recommended
1,043.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2021
I saw a lot of borderline reviews after release, which worried me. On September 6, 2021 I broke down and purchased the game. I'm almost 50 and not much impresses me anymore. This game has me grinning uncontrollably from ear to ear! I've got graphic settings cranked up and it runs great! I'm totally blown away by the detail of the world - absolutely outstanding and something I've never seen! Thoroughly enjoying this!!!
 

Lyter
22 products in account
12
4,053 people found this review helpful
218 people found this review funny 556

Recommended
113.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2020
This is a spoilerfree review of Cyberpunk 2077.

~ DIFFICULTY ~

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
✅ Normal (Customizable)
🔲 Hard
🔲 Hardcore

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics dont matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
✅ Masterpiece (Disregarding the known visual bugs, as they will be fixed in the upcoming weeks.)

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
✅ Beautiful (Most OST done specially for the game)

~ VOICE ACTING ~

🔲 No voice acting
🔲 Oblivionly bad
🔲 Acceptable
🔲 Good
✅ Pure talent

~ STORY ~

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing Temple Runners for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
✅ Epic story

~ PRICE ~

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
✅ Perfect Price (Disregarding the known bugs that will be fixed in a few weeks.)
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
✅ High end (For max settings.)
✅ NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 2 hours)
🔲 Short (2 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
✅ Long (50-90 hours) (Main Story = 20h / Main + Extras = 41h, Completionist = 80h)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
🔲 No ending

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
✅ The kind of fun youll remember
🔲 Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
✅ Definitely (Different routes, decisions matter, character's life paths.)
🔲 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
✅ Wait for sale for a few weeks for major hotfix patches. Please don't forget how The Witcher 3 was worse on day 1 than Cyberpunk, look where it ended.)
🔲 Yes
 

iDevil360
440 products in account
0
2,688 people found this review helpful
4,473 people found this review funny 474

Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2020
You can't blame them, they did release the game 57 years early.
 

skrrr
10 products in account
0
1,573 people found this review helpful
1,265 people found this review funny 134

Recommended
80.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2021
The way V sleeps gives me anxiety
 

비스킷
159 products in account
44
718 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 118

Recommended
92.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
Overview
(100% Spoiler-Free Review)
Cyberpunk 2077 (CP 2077) is an open-world action RPG set in Night City, a sprawling techno-metropolis built by the mega-corporations that rule the world. In a dystopian future where violence, corruption run rampant and money is all that matters, players impersonate "V" - forced to become a gun-for-hire after their previous life is shattered by a chain of events. Along with their longtime friend Jackie Welles and other characters, V will be struggling for survival, money and fame in the ever-risky life of a Night City mercenary.

🟩 The Good Side
No, YOU are breathtaking!
Even with all the performance issues, CP 2077 proves to be an outstanding technical milestone for gaming as a whole. A bustling, crowded metropolis is recreated flawlessly, with imposing skyscrapers and neon lights dominating the skyline. In more open areas such as the Badlands, desolate plains full of wreckage span for miles, with Night City always dominating the landscape in the distance. At the same time each location is rich with individual details, which wouldn't be expected given the overall scale of the environment.

Content, so much content.
This title is abundant with side-missions and activities. From police department calls to help fight crime, to mercenary contracts given by the city's Fixers or unique side-quest lines featuring significant characters, CP 2077 has it all. The amount of actually handcrafted, unique side-quests with their own plot and variations is great - while even in the small-time jobs like police calls, there is always some lore to be found that tells a small story. Since most of these activities award achievements, unique weapons, vehicles and gear, they're definitely worth doing.

V whoever you want to be
The character build possibilities offered by CP 2077 are deep and varied enough to warrant multiple playthroughs, to experience the diverse possible playstyles. Since there is no way to max out all attributes in a single run, many gameplay-changing implants and skills will be locked out at some point. The game as often RPGs do, favors min-maxed builds over hybrids. From hulking metal-clad behemoths armed with machineguns, to stealthy netrunners using hacking and subterfuge to succeed, V has many possibilities to develop his or her skills in a unique way.

Fear & Loathing in Night City
The storyline of 2077, and to a lesser extent its most substantial side missions, are both well written and interesting. The characters surrounding the odyssey of V are distinct, coherent and fleshed out very well. Though not all of them share the same personal evolution in relation to the events, they stay in-character till the end. The plot itself is interesting especially a bit later, and uses good quality art direction along with music to create the necessary pathos when needed. Choices are not as broad as one would expect from a RPG, but they open up a lot more towards the ending parts.


Visually, CP 2077 is formidable, and an overall outstanding technical achievement... alas, optimization is nowhere to be found. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Tamaster


🟥 The Bad Side
Cyberbug 2077
CP 2077 is one of the most bugged AAA releases I have ever seen, on par with new Vegas at launch if not worse, to give the idea. From minor glitches such as people disappearing as soon as V turns, to game-breaking issues like quests getting stuck or mission critical items simply not working, there is just an immense amount of problems. The game is playable, but hardly really enjoyable. This is not the state in which a game with this much budget and dev time behind it, should come out at any point.

The chosen one?
Balance becomes an issue in late-game, as V will acquire so much powerful hardware and perks, to become very close to Neo in Matrix in terms of power. One-shotting any non-boss enemy will become more and more common even on the hardest difficulty, while even bosses become only a nuisance once level cap is reached and all the best gear is acquired. This makes supposedly legendary enemies become underwhelming, and their fights much less epic.

Liked this review, and want to see more of the same quality? Check out Tamaster's Review Archive to see all my Reviews in a single, convenient location.

Rating in the current state: Decent
Rating when issues are fixed: Excellent
Click here for the complete Rating Chart
It took me 80 hours to complete all side content (that didn't bug) and finish the main storyline on Very Hard. For the price of 60€, the content amount is more than fair with a good replay value to try out different builds. However, the game currently has MASSIVE bugs and performance issues, I recommend waiting 1 YEAR before buying.


Cybernetic modification is common practice in Night City: a wide range of implants can suit any build and playstyle. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Tamaster


In-Depth Breakdown
🎮 Gameplay Analysis
Gameplay is divided into Exploration, Combat and Character Management.

Exploration
Is performed on foot and with vehicles, progressively obtained by purchasing them or from certain quests. Fast travel terminals are also present in the world and unlocked by going near them. Night city and environs form an immense amount of space, but fortunately all relevant missions are already highlighted on the global map for convenience. Each location of both main and side missions often houses secrets and plenty of loot, other then lore documents to know more about the world. At first only one sector is available, while others are unlocked a bit further in the main storyline.

Combat
Plays out in first person, with an equal focus on firearms and melee weapons depending on one's style. Both weapon categories have different mechanics, for instance melee ones can block, parry and counter, while each ranged weapon class feels different to handle and can mount specific accessories. Hacking is also a strong component of any fight, with hacks capable of disrupting enemy weapons, turn machines into allies, or even instantly kill someone. The environment can be a formidable ally, with explosive containers and similar items being plentiful. Implants, mods and perks can change how combat plays out significantly: some slow time, others allow using unique ammunition or specialized hardware.

Character Management
Is performed via a series of menus including inventory, crafting and cyberware. Most customization can be done anywhere out of combat, while to change implants, V has to go to a Ripperdoc and undergo surgery. Weapons can be upgraded with Crafting to get better stats, though it becomes more and more expensive each time. In the same way items can be scrapped for materials or sold to merchants for a quick buck, though this is worthless until late game. Attributes and perk points are awarded each level or from certain rare items, allowing the creation of a specialized build with several skill trees to match each.


Firefights are quite spectacular, with mutilations and gore aplenty. Whatever the approach, combat always proves satisfying. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Tamaster


Technical Corner
Specs: RTX 2080Ti, Ryzen 9 3900X, 32GB RAM, 970 PRO NVME SSD

Critical Problems
- Both main and side quests can irreparably break occasionally.

Performance
- Average VRAM Usage: 5.7 - 6.0 GB [Very High]
- Average GPU Utilization: 70-80% [High]
- Average RAM Usage: 5.0 - 6.5 GB [Very High]
- Settings Used: All High, Ray Tracing OFF, DLSS Quality, 1440p 60Hz.
- Overall Optimization Rating: Terrible

Bugs & Other Issues
- I would need an entire other review to list all the moderate / severe bugs worth mentioning.

Visit Save or Quit[www.saveorquit.com] for more great reviews posted daily.
 

Tamaster
886 products in account
72
110 people found this review helpful
80 people found this review funny 13

Not Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2021
this game is a lot like my body, broken.
 

Ricky Berwick
446 products in account
12
810 people found this review helpful
347 people found this review funny 46

Not Recommended
167.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2021
The first trophy you get is called "The Fool". Yep, that's for buying the game in this state.
 

Anotérapix
159 products in account
37
336 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 29

Recommended
105.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
After my time in night city I'm going to give you my likes about the game and the dislikes, something thats not about the bugs I think will be ironed out.

Night City is very beautiful, dense and detailed. The graphics are great and the character models are very good. Animations during dialogue sequences are very detailed and it makes a very immersive experience.

The sound track and radio stations are very good with DMCA options for content creators. The music for combat is very reminiscent of doom at times making for some tense moments. The OST is very thematic and fits the world.

I played through the main story and got one ending of what seems to be 4 conclusions you can get total. Im sure decisions you make and things will affect the way everyone views you at the end of the game but I will have to explore this further with future play through's.

The combat is satisfying and the difficulty ramps up as you level up and encounter stronger enemies. The progression through skills is pretty nice, but I feel like the crafting Exp. is a tad lower making it a bit harder to level.

Here comes my gripes other than bugs relating to the game.

The city is big beautiful and full of things to see, but I cant interact with very many of the NPC's and the night life for you is non existent. You live in a big bustling city but cant try and get a date at a bar. Many things are explained to you and you can see lots of things going on but there is very little you can do to interact with them outside of the story/side missions. This makes me feel like I am forced to sleep with one/both of the 2 prostitutes and whatever other romance options you get by deciding your voice I think? 2 for masculine and 2 for feminine. I think out of this whole big ass city there are 7 people who want to sleep with you. No dates, no going for drinks. Maybe this is just my own misconception from what I thought they would do from the marketing hype whenever they dropped the long play alpha footage. Personally I would just like to be able to interact with more and have more options. Why give me genital options and no options to use them? I got to see Keanu finger blast someone but I cant try and get someones number or have a drink outside of the vendor menu / my inventory. Let me dance the night away and spend all my hard earned eddies on strippers.

Add NG+ please. Not sure if its in the works yet or not but damn would it be nice to start over and try different choices while progressing my skills on a harder difficulty.

The menu's feel kinda clunky and it takes two button presses to exit the map vs one button press to open it. Some quality of life things would be nice on the menus.

The Mens hairstyles are lacking compared to female, but in a hat they change depending on the hat. Not sure if that was intended or a bug.

A barber or plastic surgeon to edit the character would be nice, but there are no options like that in game post character creation.

I had a problem of being crouched when dialogue starts and skipping lines trying to get V to not have conversations with the persons crotch.

Overall this game was a fantastic experience and I plan to update this review as I learn more and its patched. I think once some of the kinks are ironed out and some things are added to keep the game play loop fresh after story completion this will be another master piece of a game. My opinion is if they add a bit more interactivity to the world and the people living in it this will redefine open world games. What good is living in Night city if you cant take part in the night life though? To be the best hired goon in history with a cool car? Look forward to updating this as the game updates.

I don't really see this getting better after all the kerfuffle. If you get this get it on sale or something. Fun game but very broken. If there is a creation kit released for this it could be redeemable by the mod community.
 

MatticusLong
1,438 products in account
10
1,071 people found this review helpful
63 people found this review funny 125

Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
Welp... here we are
Now, to start off, I was *not* part of the hype train of this game coming forward. I didn't expect it to be the second coming of Christ, nor did I expect it to cure my depression or some other silly stuff like that
What I expected was... well, more Deus Ex. And that's what I've gotten. Gun play, stealth, hacking, exploration, crafting and an engaging story. So yeah, if you've enjoyed the original Deus Ex, Human Revolution or Mankind Divided, then this is for you.

Because Cyberpunk is still a good game, despite the Hypetrain crashing into a concrete wall. It's a good RPG, with an interesting story and well written Characters. It's a continuation on what we've seeen from CDPR in Witcher 3.
Now, it's not the perfect RPG. Due to V being voiced, you can't control their character 100% of the time. They'll still loosely fit into a general template, which is to be expected when your character is voiced. But still, after so much time without a Triple-A Western RPG, this was certainly a nice change of pace.

The game's obviously not without it's faults. Graphically it's... okay, though I'm personally not too much of a fan of the art-direction at time. Not in the sense of what people are wearing, or how Night City looks, in those regards this game is basically a playable version of Bladerunner. But moreso in decisions made with the lighting. Now, admittedly, this was without Raytracing, so it could very well be that that would change it for me, but I've noticed that the lighting during day had a tendency to be extremely harsh and bleached out, sometimes looking like a nuclear bomb had just gone off above NC (especially when leaving a tunnel, to which the game has a bad tendency at blinding me for a few seconds... usually resulting in me crashing into something). Honestly, perhaps fitting to it's name, Night City usually looks the best at night, often resulting in something that you'd see in the music video of modern Synthwave, ala Carpenter Brut or Perturbator
But, all these nitpicks aside, it still looks good. Perhaps not as "next-gen" as some would hope it to, but it's servicable nonetheless.


Now, there are few points I could continue complaining about: For example, the minimap should be zoomed out more when driving, since in it's current state it often shows me too late that a (very very sharp) turn is coming up. The Gunplay, as others have mentioned, is sub-par and feels too much like something you'd see out of Borderlands, with Weapons *looking* satisfying with their well made animations, but *feeling* unsatisfying in that you need to shoot some punk five times in the head for him to go down (which I think goes against the idea of the original Cyberpunk... the pen and paper game I mean. Reading up on it a bit, it seems that the philosophy in the original's combat was that, if your character had a large calibre gun, they were a force to be reckoned with, despite their level. In a sense it also reminds me of what Ross Scott in his Game Dungeon about the original Deus Ex said, that guns should feel powerful and deadly, but it should be the characters ability to aim and handle them that get's improved over time. Not the raw output of damage. Basically, if your character is holding a .45, they should be well able to drop some wannabe gangbanger on the streets)
So yeah... if you're playing the game, feel free to drop down to normal if it get's too tedious. It's not necessarily very "challenging" on Hard, just excruitiating at times, with how spongy the enemies feel.


Aside from all that? Bugs... yeah many bugs. But again, it seems that people are judging this game based on how it's running on 7 year old hardware (that was admittedly already outdated when it came out back in 2013...). Basically, all I'm saying is, yeah, CDPR made a mistake in releasing the game in it's current state on PS4 and XBone, but it's unfair to throw those versions in the same bucket as those that *actually* work.
If you have a PC, do yourself a favour and play it on that (or a PS5/Xboxwhatever if you have those) and for the love of Cyberjesus, if you can, put this game on an SSD. Otherwise you're gonna be assaulted by half-molten Action Figures, before they suddenly turn from burn-victim to normal Cybercivilian
 

SideZeo
631 products in account
48
1,140 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 38

Not Recommended
52.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2021
I'd recommend this game if you know nothing about cyberpunk 2077.

I want to love this game. I've been following this project since 2013 and preordered as soon as it was available. If you strip away all the hype, all the promises and trailers the devs and CDPR corporate heads made, the game is decent. A good 40-60 hour time sink in a very beautiful, GPU-demanding world. In the year that it has been released, most of the major bugs have been rolled flat, though there are still moments where the game breaks.

The story has gotten some backlash, but I didn't mind it that much. It was engaging enough but a bit predictable. I won't mention the ending, but I will say that the supporting cast and side characters did a phenomenal job and Keanu is... well Keanu. The guns get pretty boring once you've seen them all, and there are a very clear set of "best guns" while the rest are used as stepping stones. The character skill trees aren't as realized as the could've been, but there are still some very cool builds and skills to mix and experiment with.

The worst part of this game is the world itself. Despite the beauty and large map size, the world of cyberpunk is pretty hollow. The civilian AI sucks, the police AI is even worse. Navigating around the map on wheels feels clunky, and some parts of the map aren't even finished (I'm looking at you, Pacifica). Similar to fallout, there are some stellar side quests, but they are rare. The majority of them are either fetch quests, or "kill person X" missions. The gameplay loop is decent, but it could be so much more.

Cyberpunk is like being promised a new smart phone and receiving a beat up flip phone. Yeah, it gets the job done and checks all the boxes. But the promise of something greater with more functions and polish diminishes the value of what I ended up with, and I can't help but feel disappointed knowing what could have been.
 

nhoJ
187 products in account
27
409 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 52

Recommended
203.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2021
Wake up Samurai, we've got expectations to burn

I guess I'll pre-face this by saying, I'm not one of the people who religiously followed the production of this game.
My understanding of most negative reviews is: The dev's of this game left a lot of unfulfilled promises in its wake; in part because they had a deadline to meet, one not inherently their choice when you have investors on the line and consumers pushing for a release date. Crunching development hours kills games because of duress, a mistake CD PROJEKT RED has made in the past so honestly y'all should've seen that coming and adjusted your expectations accordingly, but anyway.

I didn't come into this with any of that extra baggage, my standards were metal arms, cool guns and a good story, so take that as you will. I'll tip toe around any spoilers and strike out the ones I can't so safe readin'.

Things I liked

Soundtrack ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ slaps, most of it I STILL listen to.

The modern vernacular used in game/lore really tickles my lizard brain. I get stupidly high spikes of dopamine every time I hear V affectionately refer to someone as choom or threatening someone over eddies. I hate long dialogue sequences with no substance or life to 'em. These ones don't make me mash the skip button and suit the characters hella well.

Which brings me to the voice acting. VA's did a stellar job. You can really feel the emotions they're trying to project when the story hits its darker points. And trust me it gets ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DARK.

Now it's not perfect and I hope they expand on a lot of things with free DLC later ; But the story despite its flaws (I'll get to those I promise) is very rich. I love stuff that's not afraid to tackle sadder topics as follows [T:W] I really connected with the main characters and their struggles, I laughed, I cried, the whole shabang.

Not everything it was hyped to be admittedly, but character customization kept me content. The drip you can accumulate in game makes up for most of the shortcomings. Stupid as hell you can't change anything cosmetically about V's hair, face, etc after you've locked it in though.

Combat's fun, not overly complicated. Upgrades are a little simple for my taste given cybernetics is a big theme of the game buuuut.. I've done a few playthroughs by now, both melee's and hacker mostly. Gorilla arms and net-runner is my fave combo. Admittedly I wish there were more animations for finishers regarding melee and assassinations, but hey invulnerability frames are nice. I always had fun ripping open ♥♥♥♥ to sneak into somewhere if I didn't have the tech lvl to do it less aggressively. Any play-style seems viable which is a good thing in imho.

Lotta content in terms of side quests, collectibles, achievements to grab, etc, etc. Honestly despite how many were evidently rushed, I really did enjoy a lot of the side lore. Night city and its residents really are a colorful bunch and I implore you give running around a go in regards to them; considering I did literally all of them I had a blast.

This game when adjusted via your settings [ugly ass grain unnecessary] is breathtaking. When I tell you I spent so much time just admiring the care and craft put between the lines, I mean it. My folder is crammed with glory shots of V in front of mass chaos or beautiful sunsets and beside iconic characters.

I love the HUD a lot not gonna lie, it's super clean now and they really showed some love to the overall system of your inventory, journal, etc with the past few updates.

Things I didn't like

I played this game the day it dropped, copped the pre-order and by god, it was awful. Might as well have been a field to a swarm of locusts - ♥♥♥♥ was so buggy. It still is in some regards, walking on fences still insta-kills you out of nowhere, clipping at the wrong angle the same, etc. But is it nearly as bad as before? Nah. Occasionally still debilitating, one side quest in the Badlands for me is perma bugged and has been since launch Spoiler: . But at least my car doesn't bury itself engine first into the asphalt when I park it and explode insta-killing me anymore. If you can stand skyrim level hiccups you'll be fine, just remember to press F5 religiously for quicksaves.

I love Keanu ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Reeves alright, so this is in part forgivable because it's him ; but still ♥♥♥♥♥ with my immersion that Johnny Silverhand has more of an identity and story glued to him than V does. V will mention things about themselves in passing occasionally if you pick the right dialogue, but its so vague and uninteresting compared to Johnny's you'd think he was the main character in all of this.

Sometimes your choices matter and sometimes they don't. Learn to expect the opposite every time, it's usually the case unfortunately. Now granted some minor plot heavy calls can be made, but the primary story seems set into a select amount of stone. Biggest example of choices not really mattering is the path you choose in the beginning. Corpo-♥♥♥♥ is empowering but seems like the only win all one in terms of dialogue. Street-kid fits the narrative that V spins in what little they disclose about themselves but again mostly changes dialogue not interactions. Nomad is- . . . Eh. More Panam for ya' but s'bout it.

Romance sucks and it swallows with teeth. Loved every option, especially the flings. But ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ after your glory moment with each of the main choices, it's hardly impactful. In hindsight I think only 2 of them even make a the teeniest dent in what ending you might get/choose but it ain't much. Spoiler: 

It's the least of their problems at the moment, so I don't expect it at this point. But multiplayer might've been this games saving grace. At least if you're getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about by bugs with the chooms, its fun vs frustrating.

In conclusion...
If you want to support the devs, buy it at full price.
Is it currently WORTH full price though?
No. LMAO. I honk my clown nose every time I boot it up because I remember how I hashed out double the pre-order funds to gift this to my s.o as well thinking we'd be able to play together when they released a planned now presumably scrapped concept of multiplayer.
SO. Get it on sale.
GG deals is a good place to check, I see it on there a lot for like 25-50% off.

Do I still play the game?
A little more every patch, I love watching the glow up, I've never had a problem with games that fall flat on release but aim to fix themselves given time. Plus as previously stated, despite my obvious criticisms, the story's alright. Revisiting the characters never bores me and Johnny has my whole heart.

All n' all I think with a lot of love, polish and HONEST not CRUEL community feedback - this game will gradually become better. So if you're willing to hold out for better days, buy it at a discount. You'll enjoy the experience more than the majority might make you believe.
 

CTRL_ALT_DEYEET
227 products in account
12
411 people found this review helpful
247 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
267.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2020
Hangout with Keanu Reeves simulator!
 

MIYKU
236 products in account
0
706 people found this review helpful
643 people found this review funny 30

Recommended
206.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2021
a very entertaining waste of money
 

The Drizzy7
58 products in account
10
355 people found this review helpful
107 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
153.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2021
Fine definition of love-hate relationship.
 

painted yellow, painted black
284 products in account
1
1,778 people found this review helpful
46 people found this review funny 48

Not Recommended
159.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
Now before all else is said, it is a good game, if it wasn't I wouldn't have put in so many hours elsewise. But save your cash until they've fixed a majority of the bugs and optimized it a bit more.
 

X-pert Bandit
263 products in account
0
1,139 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 59

Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
YES, it is glitchy at times
YES, you may have to load a previous checkpoint to finish a mission
YES, it is very demanding of your hardware

was it an extraordinarily fun, emotional rollercoaster nonetheless?
hell YES
 

glump
248 products in account
0
3,180 people found this review helpful
132 people found this review funny 222

Not Recommended
431.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
This is not a finished game.

People saying "they will fix the bugs" are missing the point that the game has many broken or missing core components. There are many missing promised features. There are many missing/broken features that were par for the course for games released over a decade ago.

Random NPCs have no AI. They have 3 possible actions.
1: Walk on a track beside their 3 identical clones.
2: Cower in place if anything happens.
3: Vanish and respawn if they are out of frame for more than a fraction of a second

Traffic has no AI. Traffic is just like the NPCs mentioned above. The entire street full of cars will be replaced each time you turn to look away and back at the street. Drivers will not interact in any way. They have 2 options.
1: Drive set path until you look away and they are replaced with another car.
2: Stop forever in place if anything blocks their path.

There is no police or crime system AI. If you commit a crime of any kind police will start spawning just outside of your line of sight IMMEDIATELY. There is no travel time. Police cannot chase you on foot or in cars.

You cannot shoot from inside a car (not that you need to, the traffic around you is not real, it is set dressing) like they showed you doing in the ultra polished prologue.

This is a hollow game with a dead open world once you step off of the rails. This game is still in the Alpha stage of development. It is not in the Beta stage yet.

This is not about bugs. This is about broken or missing core aspects of the game.
 

BaconHamLincoln
127 products in account
6
3,916 people found this review helpful
640 people found this review funny 553

Recommended
194.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☑ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☑ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

Dead
243 products in account
0
1,009 people found this review helpful
121 people found this review funny 135

Recommended
97.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2021
In 2020 they launched CP77, the most anticipated/hyped game in the last 8 years.
Main Issues Sky-high rate of bugs, weird AI and graphics, optimization issues, more people enjoying on PC than on consoles.
cant deny its all true but everyone still wants to play this game.
The CDPR always have a promise for you, that can be a lie or an illusion but its there, just around the corner and its it keeps you going in this game.
its a game of cyberpunk genre dreams, and im a big dreamer.
(^^ above lines are taken and re-worded from 2018 E3 trailer)

Welcome to Night City where the city is full of bugs, items and trash to collect, T-pose players and NPCs, dildos and other sex toys to reflect the horniness of the gamers.

TLDR: Its a great game, yes with issues but enjoyable, if you havent bought it wait for 2 big patches promised by CDPR Team or when its on sale.

Back to being serious and reviewing the game, spoiler free:

+ Night City, its awesome, beautiful, have good amount of dark and grim stuff as per the cyberpunk genre.
+ Soundtracks/OST are awesome, be the Radio stations or the Music in background.
+ Main Story is great, with multiple endings.
+ both V (male and female) voice artists done a top-notch Job.
+ Keanu Revees as Johnny Silverhand is Breathtaking, he is the megalomaniac, will make you hate him as well love him(if you play some cards right).
+ NPCs are great with story, Jackie <3, Takemura, Evelyn, Claire, Judy, Panam, Rogue, Meredith, Misty, Viktor, Kerry, River - their side quests and interactions with them are fun and give more depth to their characters and backstory.
+ Vehicles look awesome, driving might be bit funny.
+ Cyberware is awesome and mantis blades with double jump are my fav.
+ Choice to play without a single bullet fired, either by sneaking or hacking your way through is commendable.
+ Cyberpsychos hunting and other side side quests are great, will keep you interested in game.
+ the weapons choices are vast, can up the fun with perks.
+ cool references and easter eggs in missions, side missions and certain items.

- Buggy, but hilarious ones too
- AI is dumb many times
- Driving is ♥♥♥♥, especially for AI and the races missions, rest love the bikes.
- optimization issues, my PC handled it on medium with around 30-45 fps.
- crafting system is bit odd, i have 5 johnny jackets now.
- no character customization after the initial build.
- Police/wanted system is weird, police will spawn behind you untill you die.
- certain dialogs or hud bars will remain stuck in the screen no matter if you load the game again or you start a mission.
- There is no headshot kills, but once you upgrade the guns or get better ones you can kill certain enemies with 1 hit headshot.
- interactions with romance options after that crucial missions and sex scene, is very less interactive and boring after sometime.

I admit they should have delayed the game more to finish it, but you snowflake gamers needed it badly and worse sending death threats to the development team they already crunching enough specially in the pandemic time, thanks to the CDPR bad management and investors. However, they have promised patches and providing regular hotfixes.

No game or software is without bugs and issues, saying as a fellow soft. dev.
And please stop comparing it to GTA, this is a action RPG with guns and vehicles, first play skyrim, fallout or deus ex series.
Mods are already out for extra fun or better game tweaks.

PS - your experience may vary please don't attack or send death threats to me, i knew this game would have not met the hype and kinda expected it to be a normal good game not a masterpiece like RDR2 or others.

My score is 7/10, might update after the patches and updates.
 

X3Na
1,540 products in account
48
285 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 12

Not Recommended
49.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2021
Look, I've played games for about 25 years and as such have had my fair share of disappointments. That being said, I'd like my review to be objective and not 'DUR GAME BAD!'

First off... Cyberpunk is not a bad game.

It has many technical issues and can be repetitive at the best of times, but this is a passably enjoyable open world game. The likes of which we've seen many times in recent years. This may, in fact, be part of the problem. Cyberpunk, for its part, is gorgeous and some of the characters are even enjoyable. Parts of the story genuinely had me curious as to what would happen next. While character customization is lacking, the equipment, weapons and vehicles are not.

What Cyberpunk truly suffers from however, is a lack of heart. At its core, this game feels empty. The world, to me, feels like a video game world. Which is the opposite of what you want. Contrast it with CDPR's Witcher 3 or Rockstar's Red Dead series and you'll see just how lifeless the game is. The NPCs are background filler. They aren't even pretending to be real people. While the map is genuinely amazing, its bogged down by its populous and technical mistakes. From atrocious pop-in, broken quests, to some of the strangest bugs I've ever seen in a triple A game, Cyberpunk does itself no favors technically. Despite the potential to do a million things, I would compare it to a Far Cry game. All those things are repeated a thousand times over each district. Truthfully the formula is fun for a solid 50-100 hours, depending on your stamina. I personally was disappointed in it because I expected more for a full price game from a professional studio. Yes all games have a level of repeat-ability, but from a studio who prides itself on making rich game worlds...this wasn't that.

Personally, I wouldn't recommend the game right now. Maybe when modders get into the bones and make a world actually worth exploring it will be worth it. Or if the game drops to $20. For now, I'd wait for your next big title. This one just didn't live up to what it wanted to be.
 

OverseerOlaf
105 products in account
10
5,408 people found this review helpful
185 people found this review funny 691

Not Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
I don't care about performance issues, or bugs. The game is good, playable, I can see the replayability, it's a decent game. But it's defenitely not Jesus' second coming.
I'm giving this negative review for one reason : CDPR lied. I can tell the difference between nonsense hype, and actual developer informations. Many things THEY stated, and said to be are NOT in the game.
First of all, after they said its an RPG game, yet after a time, they started to advertise the game as "action-adventure story", and this can be told after 10 hours of gameplay or so. Choices are fake lot of times, everything is railed into one ending. I can't be the V I wanna be.
"Deep" character customization. Lie. This customization is 2004 level. This customization is not "be whoever you wanna be". Faces are ugly, you have 4 tatoos, few percings. You can't change your body. Genital customization is important I guess, but I can't adjust muscles? Weight? Height? Cyber legs? Character customization is HUGE dissapointment. I don't think it's a big demand to have a better customization than a 2004 rpg game.

NPCs. CDPR stated they will handcraft 1000 unique NCPs with their own life, interactions, and daily routines. Lie. NPCs are 2004 gta level. They just walking around, or just stare. I see the same NPC after 3 sec of walking.
They stated the city will feel alive. Lie. I can't interact with anything, I can't talk to people, there are no random events like in RDR2 for example. I can't eat from food stands, I can't sit a bench.
They removed a lot of content they showed us (underground train, wall running etc). They promised a living, breathing, awesome night life city, and we got this dead, empty... thing. It looks nice, but this is not 2020 AAA level.

And the worst thing of all : Insane marketing, promises, delays. And after that they pay reviews, and wont let streamers and infulencers to show any console/own footage before release day. This is very shady, and dishonest. They KNEW the game will launch in this state, and they tried to cover it.
People praise this game, I don't understand why, this is a marketing faliure, a lie, a scam. I wouldn't have problem with the game at all if they would not marketing it as they did, and they did not release as it is. But they did.
Chinese dub is hella good tho.
 

Salamarder
104 products in account
27
312 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 30

Not Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 6
A good looking mess

I love Cyberpunk fiction, the original Blade Runner is one of my favorite movies of all time and I've been always a fan of the theming. When I heard of this back in 2013 it looked like the best thing ever, although even back then I had my doubts about the project, it seemed too ambitious.
I ended up getting this game on sale and while I had fun with it I gotta say that even at 50% off I cant recommend this mess and here's why.

The good

First I'd like to mention what I enjoy the most about this game and that is the aesthetic. The vehicles, the interiors, the stores, the characters, the clothing, the different city districts, I loved how unique they felt and how well they fit the genre. The game looks great and the Cyberpunk atmosphere is very well done, that's what makes this somewhat unique and makes it stand out. Since the game has such great looking visuals and places I spent a lot of time taking screenshots and using the photo mode, depending on where you're at the game looks phenomenal. That was my favorite part of it, using the photo mode and trying a bunch of different style concepts, managed to create some very nice wallpapers out of it. The photo mode is very robust, letting you switch from 1st to 3rd person, move your character around a bit and even pose for it, I just wanted more focus related options and the ability to switch views during a cut-scene.
Another great thing about this game is the character creator, while it's not the most complex I've ever seen it gets the job done and gives you good enough freedom to create a good looking player or a hideous monster, for an open world game like this it's a great addition.
Some of the characters in the main story can be considered a highlight, I wish we could spend more time with them though, outside of missions.
The progression system is also worth mentioning, there are a considerable amount of perks to buy, a lot of them are useless but it gives you somewhat of a freedom, enough to change some game-play elements, like the gun-play, the stealth, the hacking. Making specific missions easier and a bit different.

The bad

Ok, so despite having fun with the game I have to say why I can't recommend this mess. The game's all over the place, it feels very rushed and like it has an "identity crisis", that's where most of the problems are. Sometimes the game wants to be a big open world sandbox, other times it wants to be those very story driven scripted "walking simulators".
For the first couple of hours you don't get the scope of how bad things are, probably because the first few missions are HEAVILY scripted, even more than the usual, because of that not many glitches occur. To be honest the entire game's scripted ass hell but the beginning is even worse, like those theme park rides that are on rails.
The devs market the game as being this awesome RPG where you choices matters with a bunch of different paths, such bull****. They give you the illusion of choice when you start the story, "lifepaths", but they literally don't matter, you'll just get a different prologue and some random dialogue choices throughout the game that don't make any significant difference AT ALL. The game's has half a dozen different endings but to get them only a handful of choices you'll make during the story will actually make any difference. The plot has its moments but I found it too linear for what they promised, like I said some of the characters are great, that was the only time I actually gave a s*** about what was going on. Too bad you can't change anything other than the ending.
In reality, it's all smoke and mirrors, at first it seems like the city is great and everything. As you progress you get to see how shallow and pointless it all is, the game doesn't have nearly enough variety to feel alive or make you come back to it. You always see the same cars on the streets, the same npc interaction and most of the side missions are very repetitive. The apartments you buy offer absolutely nothing, somethings you can only do at the starting one. The cars you own you can't even change or choose colors so if you end up buying a very cool car but it comes in brown or something boring there's no way around it.
The character customization in terms of "cyberware" (the implants you use to enhance your character) is very limiting as well, there are a respectable variety of them and they do provide new gameplay features but they don't change anything in terms of looks, for a game that relies so much in aesthetic this is such a wasted opportunity. I wish we had more freedom in that department, like the NPC's with crazy implants and chrome, I want that!
And WHY THE HELL DIDN'T THEY MAKE A 3RD PERSON MODE?? Again, for a game that has so much going on in terms of aesthetic and looks (the only unique thing about this game) they sure got a lot of things wrong. So you customize your character, buy all these different clothes and the only time you get to see it is in the mirror or in the photo mode? I cant wrap my mind around that.

Ohh and the bug, how can I forget them, they're EVERYWHERE. There are all kinds of glitches, visual ones like textures not loading, blurry ads on buildings and some very weird ones , like cars exploding out nowhere, a bunch of npcs reacting with the same looped animation right next to each other, stupid pathfinding, people floating, npcs and vehicles clipping through objects , talking corpses, enemies with 0 health still fighting, the list goes on and on. Those glitches are not rare occurrences, they happen often and I have them all recorded. Fanboys like to claim they haven't encountered any "game breaking" bugs and they're not lying, but don't be fooled, while they're not technically "game breaking", they're VERY frequent and they come in all shapes and forms. A game that's been in development for such a long time with such high expectations and they couldn't get the basics of an open world, wow!

The marketing campaign they made for this game was a huge deception and the way they paid out early reviews was outright dirty. The devs knew what they were doing and they chose to release this rushed mess anyway, we cant justify it by it's current state, which is still a far cry from what it was advertised as. This game deserves all the hate it got and no matter how great they turn this game in the future it wont erase its tainted story and all the people they deceived into pre-ordering this joke. Nasty things like this in the gaming industry are becoming common and we cant allow this type of behavior.

Cyberpunk's plot is all about not trusting big corporations, well, I guess they got this part right.
 

Dr. Angela Ziegler
247 products in account
41
1,640 people found this review helpful
205 people found this review funny 93

Not Recommended
55.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2020
Go back to sleep samurai, they have a game to patch.

A wise man once said, "A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad." Thankfully, we aren't in the 90s anymore and games can be patched and fixed so this quote is less relevant for gaming now. But man, do the developers at CDPR have their work cut out for them. The thing is though, the player only gets one first playthrough and if it is marred by bugs, poor performance and glitches then it is not going to be as enjoyable/memorable than if it was a thoroughly finished game. I did enjoy my time with this and still think it is a good game, but it is far from a solid game at the moment.

Welcome to Night City
V's story through Night City is the game's biggest strength. The writing, characters, and the way conversations play out makes for an incredibly engaging story. The dynamic between V and Johnny Silverhand is great and the other characters are just as good and well-developed, Jackie, Judy, Panam, Takemura, Viktor, River, and even the antagonists (Maelstrom in particular) all have their own motives, interests, history, ambitions that made me so fascinated in their lives and build a connection with each.

The side jobs involving each of these characters continued that great writing and was some of the best content in the game, River Ward's and Peralez' questline being a highlight. But there is also memorable content that doesn't involve the main cast, such as a sentient vending machine or a talking handgun wanting to be returned to its owner. However, the problem with the side content is that they are all marked as undiscovered on the map, so it is basically impossible to distinguish the good content from the boring and repetitive gigs.

I did enjoy the story and quests but let me just say that I'm a big fan of the cyberpunk genre with government conspiracies, "high tech, low life", philosophy, thought-provoking questions relating to our world and all that. Unfortunately, this game barely touches on the tropes of cyberpunk, like transhumanism, it's all just surface level. And I get that they based it more-so on the tabletop, but I would've loved it if they embraced the genre more.

The City of Dreams
Let's move on to the gameplay and this is where the game stumbles.

Firstly, there are your role-playing and open-world elements. It has your standard level up system and placing points into one of the five attributes (Body, Intelligence, Reflexes, Cool and Technical Ability) can open up different ways to access areas, dialogue options or perks. Cyberware is a big part of this game, offering up a variety of modifications to each body section to suit your playstyle. To name a few, you can equip Gorilla Arms or Mantis Blades for close-quarters combat, enhanced cyberdecks for those that enjoy hacking, Smart Links to be able to curve bullets, or more general enhancements that increase armour, health or stamina. Dialogue choices may influence the story slightly, discovering information in shards can open up dialogue options and such but it is not on the level of Divinity: Original Sin or Fallout: New Vegas, more on par with Witcher 3’s style.

The open-world elements are lacking or outright missing though, some of which should be a staple for any open-world game. I've heard others describe Night City as "vast as the ocean, deep as a puddle", and I couldn't agree more. There is a lot of attention to detail to make each area unique from the skyscrapers to dinky alleyways, but once you start looking deeper into it, the cracks become noticeable. The way the AI behaves is terrible, the bad wanted system, no minigames (where's my Cyber-Gwent?). And there is just a lack of interactivity within the city, can't sit down and eat at a food vendor, can’t play the arcade machines, can't gamble, can't customise your apartment, vehicles or hairstyle. Whoever sets up a barber shop in Night City would make thousands of eddies. It just makes me appreciate Rockstar Games more for the amount of effort they put into their worlds to make them come alive.

The combat isn't bad, but it just doesn't do anything great. While the weapons feel satisfying to use, especially the smart weapons, the combat against the braindead AI just isn't all that fun. For example, you can casually walk up to an enemy in cover and they do not know how to react or they rush you without any regard to their own well-being.

The stealth and hacking are fine and is a good alternative for those that enjoy that style of gameplay, but I honestly couldn't get into it because it was even less fun than just shooting enemies. It may get better as you level up, but I didn't feel the incentive to try. Hacking access points with breach protocol is pretty boring as well, where you have to input the code in the right order. Deus Ex: Human Revolution/Mankind Divided did a much better job at making hacking more engaging.

The driving is terrible and doesn’t feel natural, the cars have too much oversteer when turning and handle like boats. Another annoyance being that the minimap doesn’t zoom out when driving, so I was constantly missing turns.

And I'm a big dreamer
Now to visuals and sound. This is definitely a great looking game when it is working at 100%. Weapon models and animations are highly detailed and flashy, along with the abundance of vehicles all designed meticulously. Character models look fantastic with realistic looking movement and facial animations that just help to immerse me into the game. The issue is that bugs and glitches break that immersion constantly, it is incredibly jarring to see fluid animations during conversations with main characters only to walk past a dude T-posing, faces missing or cars stuck in the air like it is Rocket League 2077.

The soundtrack is awesome, the guns sound impactful to shoot, melee weapons have a solid feel to them as well. The vehicles sound great as well. Voice acting done by the main cast is fantastic, Keanu suits Johnny well. Although I played as male V and his voice acting was a bit underwhelming, I heard female V is a lot better so if you want a more rounded performance pick her.

Conclusion
In conclusion, this is an enjoyable game that is hampered from being great for various reasons mentioned above. Just remember you only get one first playthrough, so don't let it be ruined by an unpolished, buggy game. Wait a couple of months for it to be patched and tidied up. This is why I'm leaving a Not Recommended for now. I do intend to go through a second time and try different builds and endings but I don't think I can due to how messy it is at the moment. Once it is all fixed, I'll come back to it and if it has turned into a more complete game, I'll change it to Recommended. In the meantime, go and clear that backlog of games that you swore to get around to.

EDIT: Patch 1.2

What can I say... It's a good first step for the long road ahead. But, I think I was WAY too optimistic saying it'll be tidied up and better in a couple of months. I should've said a couple of years.

There are some improvements but overall there is still a lot a jank. Driving is a lot better, no more ridiculous oversteer or floaty controls. Some visual bugs are fixed, didn't see any T-posing or missing faces. However, now I have a bug where V equips a finger-gun rather than a pistol/revolver and holds shotguns with one hand (I realise I put all my stats into body... but really?). Police spawn 15 metres away rather than 5, but still no police chases. Although, somehow I managed to get into a situation with random NPC thugs chasing me in their cars (outside of missions) so it must be somewhere in the code? What do I know though, I thought this game would be much better by now.

If you enjoyed my review and like to see more like this, you can follow me at my curator page, Shifty's View.
 

shifty
305 products in account
26
496 people found this review helpful
62 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
64.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 3
im not done but im enjoying the story big time, a good way to waste some time
 

thefalseunion
41 products in account
16
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 22

Recommended
173.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Patch 1.5 adds missing features, Will update review when I get it installed

Why is "valhalla cyberpunk bartender action" a way better world building experience then 2077, so heres what's missing and/or things that need to be changed that would go a long way hopefully thru many patches

Quality of Life

- Walk toggle for keyboard.

- Key re-mapping for certain elements.

- Accessibility features missing (ie: text scaling for menus).

- In-game benchmark feature.

- Dash should be a separate key and not a double press of walking key.

- Crouch and skip dialogue should not share the same key.

- The minimap is too zoomed in to be helpful in many cases.

- Missing a toggle aim feature.

- Ability to respec attributes. (Note: Existing item respecs perks only)

- Ability to disable objective marker.

- Ability to lower ADS sensitivity.

- Add proper ultrawide (21:9, 32:9) support.

- Add loot by area or/and autoloot feature.

- Add "stash all" feature.

- Add transparency option for hud elements.

- Add way to remove mods from unequipped weapons.

- Add toggle mouse acceleration.

- Driving markers and onscreen trajectory (alternative GPS).

Gameplay and immersion

- Body slider customization (height, weight, muscle mass).

- Very few options for some of the character creation features (hair color, tattoos, skin complexion, scars, etc).

- Animations for eating and drinking (excluding scripted ones).

- Unable to remove underwear outside of inventory.

- Vehicle customization.

- Apartment customization.

- Cosmetic slots or transmog feature.

- Very few actual merchant stores in quantity and variety.

- No garages or parking lots.

- Crowds have low level of reactivity and awareness to the game world.

- Very few interactive NPCs outside of missions with meaningful dialogue.

- Very few options to meaningfully construct a personality to V. You get to choose missions endings, but not an actual persona.

- Lack of non-action oriented stories and quests about meaningful themes of cyberpunk distopia.

- Player cannot smoke.

- Weapon mods and skill trees largely irrelevant outside of marginal and mostly numerical improvements to combat.

- Lack of emergent gameplay events in the game world (ie: dynamic and random triggers).

- Unable to alter character's appearance (barbershop, tattoo parlors, plastic surgeon).

- Lack of character reflection outside of the few mirrors available. This furthers the disconnection between the player and the character.

- No ownership of items (you can rob NPCs under their nose).

- No prison or lasting crime system.

- Wanted system is largely underdeveloped, with cops spawning out of nowhere and disappearing shortly after.

- Cybernetics lack variety in meaningful choices that alter gameplay (except for limbs weapons). Deus Ex has far more impactful mods that actually change the way you approach combat.

- The lifepaths are frustratingly brief and have little impact other than dialogue choices. V is essentially the same character regardless of past.

- The traffic AI is lackluster and there are too few cars driving around for a large metropolis.

- Trains were obviously cut, even though the whole infrastructure is visible.

- The world interaction is quite minimal. Among items that should be interactive: chairs, benches, toilets, stools, sinks, gym equipment, light fixtures, restaurant menus, smartphones, taxi, trash bins and dumpsters, most merchant stalls, microwaves, dancing floors, gaming tables, arcades.

- You cannot preview wardrobe and weapon purchases.

- There is no reliable cover system.

- Loot system overdone, invasive and distracting. You are constantly showered with redundant and marginally better items and have no attachment whatsoever with your fashion and weapon choices. (Dear god, I hate this one).

- Enemies are too spongy and level design forces frontal assault way too often.

- Robotics and drone control largely absent (outside of scripted missions).
 

WeDGE
570 products in account
21
623 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 69

Recommended
144.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
Spoilerfree Review

After ~7 Months (date of this review) people still seem to love/hate this game. If you see this game now during the summer sale and you are still unsure if you should buy it or not, let me help you to decide.

The game is heavy story focused and I will not say anything about the Story itself. Just let me tell you now: If you are a fan of games that have a big focus on the story. Get it! The story is brilliantly written and keeps you going until the very last minute!

Let me split this review now a bit up to make this a bit more compact and easy to follow:

Gameplay:
If you ever played Deus Ex, I don't need to describe it further. Not every Deus Ex tho! I am talking about Mankind Divided. Take that formula (Good and fun RPG elements, talent trees and with minor decision related choices) add some crafting. Voilà - Cyberpunk 2077

But if you didn't play Deus Ex (and you should) here a short summary:

The shooting mechanic (gunplay) is fun and you can try many builds. You choose how to approach a situation. You can go in with a bang or go complete silent with no casualties. In dialogues you will always get caught off by conversations that are engaging and will change the outcome. The crafting is kept simple and it is indeed optional, but having the ability to craft new gear is always a nice feature.

Graphics:
I don't really need to say anything about this one, but maybe infoarmations about the performance are nice?!
I run this game on an "Intel e3 1231 v3" (equivalent ot an i7 4790) and a "Nvidia 1060 6G" while only having 8GB Ram. The settings on my side are a mix of medium and high and I can run it at 60 fps most of the time. In fights it can get down of course (too many explosions), but it really didn't kill the immersion for me. The latest patch even boosted the perforamnce so I might even can get higher now!

Another positive thing is that this game even looks really good on low settings as well. So if you are near the minimal requirements you will still have a stunning looking game!

Soundtrack:
Eargasm! Enough said!

YouTube™ Video: [LYRICS] Resist and Disorder - Cyberpunk 2077 
Views: 34,707
Not sure if these are 100% accurate.


Atmosphere:
You know... Once in a while there is this really good idea to make a game that doesn't look as other games before. I am talking here about the aesthetics! This huge open world with its crowded streets and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up lore... This game feels like fresh air. It will get you caught off guard. This city breaths! It tells stories in every corner. If you didn't read anything about the world lore before (and you should) you will still get sucked into this world. It is even better as Deus Ex in these regards. You really have to trust me here! Also read every journal you find and try to learn how this "Brave New World" works. It is worth it!



You might encounter reviewers who say that there is nothing much to do there. But same people also compare this game to GTA.

Which brings me to my last point....

Stop comparing this game to GTA, Assassins Creed or others!

Maybe compare it to Witcher 3 if you like. The open world is just there to give the player a playground. The real treasure is the story, the characters and all the sidequests. Every quest is different, every sidequest has its own story (some which are even connected) and every character you meet is interesting! There are not that many games who do the same, but always remember that Cyberpunk is not your average open world game!

Soooooo nothing negative?
No... this game is a journey! It is one of a kind and it is fun to play! It was maybe overhyped, but that is all!
 

NO FILE
2,692 products in account
49
256 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
147.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2021
I played this game on Geforce Now and yes, I did experience some bugs - mostly visual glitches - but nothing gamebreaking whatsoever, or anything that ruined the immersion.

I just want to say that I had a great time with this game: I loved the main story, I enjoyed all the side missions, I loved the lore, I enjoyed a lot the netrunning game mechanics, and I was able to build a character which totally fit my play style.
I'm a fan of narrative games, I like shooters, I like crime and scifi - this game ticks all the boxes for me and then some.

Oh, and Night City is a blast, one of the best settings I've ever experienced, already a classic.
I'm sure this game will only improve with time, and I'm looking forward to every bit of it.
 

FrZ
80 products in account
19
2,934 people found this review helpful
212 people found this review funny 410

Recommended
113.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
This review is based on my experience on a high end gaming PC.
PC Specs used for this review:
RTX 2080
Ryzen 5 3600x
32GB 3200MHz RAM
2TB HDD 7200rpm

FULL PC SPECS IS ON MY PROFILE

~ DIFFICULTY ~

▢ My 90 year old grandma could play it
▢ Easy
✅Normal
▢ Hard
▢ Impossible
It gets harder while you get better gear and level up, so perfect combination. Also enables you to take on harder quests if you want, or easier ones if you wanna play more chill.

~ GRAPHICS ~

▢ What is this?
▢ Meh
▢ Good
▢ Great
▢ Beautiful
▢ Masterpiece
✅It was a game?
The graphics at Max can get very heavy, but with DLSS and a high end Nvidia GPU, the game is playable at pretty much maxed out settings if you know the correct optimized settings (DLSS is needed in this game if your gonna play with Ray Tracing)

~ SOUND/MUSIC ~ (Using 7.1 headphones)

▢ Bad
▢ Nothing special
▢ Good
▢ Great
✅ Beautiful
▢ I´m gonna cry
Really good sound, the sound when walking and running is probably the best foot sound ive ever heard so far. The music is also very well styled to fit the game theme.

~ STORY ~

▢ This game has no story
▢ Like playing "candy crush" for the story
▢ It´s alright
▢ Well written
✅ Epic story
▢ Kingdom hearts on cocaine
Well thought through, everything makes sense and nothing seems unnatural.

~ PRICE ~

▢ Free
▢ Underpriced
▢ Perfect price
✅Could be cheaper
▢ Overpriced
For this price i wouldn't think it was wrong to put in maybe a multiplayer mode or something more, as it is a singleplayer game at the moment. But still worth buying if you got a high end PC, maybe wait for a sale if you got a low-mid end PC.

~ REQUIREMENTS ~ (Ultra settings)

▢ A stone could run this
▢ Average
▢ High end
✅ NASA computer
To explain how high requirments it got. You CANNOT currently buy a computer that can run it at max in 60 FPS. Not even the 1500$ RTX 3090 can run it at 60 FPS. But if you're OK with playing it at 30-40 FPS at settings that look about the same as highest on a high end PC, then it should run OK.

~ LENGHT ~

▢ Very short (0-2hours)
▢ Short (2-15hours)
▢ Average (15-50hours)
✅ Long (50-200hours)
▢ Neverending (200-...hours)
The main story is about 30 Hours. But with the many different paths you can take and the fact that the game can end in different ways, you could most probably put in more than 100 Hours and still not be 100% finished with the game.

~ FUN ~

▢ I´d rather watch paint dry
▢ Hard to enjoy
▢ Repetitive
▢ It´s okay
▢ Fun to be had for sure
✅ The kind of fun you will remember
▢ Life changing
I will for sure remember this game, it is really something out of the ordinary, the guns feel very good to play with and are very well balanced. Personaly i love the revolver, quick damage if you hit headshots.

~ REPLAYABILITY ~

▢ One-time experience
▢ Only for achievements
▢ If you wait a few months/years
✅ Definitely
▢ Infinitely replayable
It is designed to be replayable, some things might be the same however, but there is alot of explore and many different paths to choose from.

~ WORTH BUYING ~

▢ No
▢ Wait for sale
✅Yes
▢ YES YES YES
Depends on your PC specs in my opinion, the game is much more enjoyable at ultra-maxed out settings, at those settings its enjoyable to simply walk around in the city because it so well made and looks so insanly great.
 

Llama-Berry
99 products in account
8
1,825 people found this review helpful
76 people found this review funny 126

Not Recommended
129.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2021
I did an updated version of this review on Medium. You can find it at this link.

https://medium.com/@kurdtzdopelgangr1/bugfixes-wont-solve-cyberpunk-2077-s-problems-a41efb02ab3a

It's both longer and better. I consider it superior in every way to this steam review.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Six months ago when this game came out many people said, "Underneath all the bugs, Cyberpunk 2077 is an enjoyable game with a good story."

I disagreed then, and I disagree even more now. With all the work CD Project Red has done in fixing bugs and implementing a functioning police system it's only become more clear that this game is shallow in many areas and shoots itself in the foot in others.

At launch, this game was like a teenager's terminally messy room. It was so messy you couldn't tell what the room's layout was like underneath all the clutter. It could be that underneath this massive pile of dirty clothing up against the wall there's a bed, or a dresser, or it could just be one giant pile of filthy, stinky clothing. But six months later it's easier to understand the room's layout, and unfortunately the effort spent on fixing the technical issues has only accentuated that this game is mediocre at best. In spite of how awe inspiring and visually stimulating the city is, the game simply fails to take full advantage of it's setting.

Cyberpunk 2077 needed to follow in Bioshock's footsteps, but instead it's more like any generic Ubisoft open world game. In terms of combat, Bioshock is a game that gives the player a ton of fun tools to kill enemies with in creative ways. Cyberpunk 2077 was practically begging for a similar combat system, but instead combat in Cyberpunk boils down to three repetitive options: hold tab and press the I Win button, sit behind cover and shoot the dumb bullet sponge enemies or sprint around with a melee weapon. The combat in this game is just not very satisfying or interesting. By the end of the game the combat left me with a feeling of extreme boredom that was only matched by the extreme boredom the gigs inspired.

The side missions are split between the ones CD Project's writers clearly had a story idea for and the ones with almost no story that are about mindlessly killing everything that moves while also looting and interacting with computers. They attempted to break up this monotony with missions that require stealth if you want to make the full amount of money, but it doesn't alleviate the problem. The repetitive nature of the mindless combat side missions actively diminishes the immersion that the visuals and layout of Night City create. It's a far cry from Rapture, where the environment, combat and quests all harmonize beautifully to keep the player firmly immersed.

When there's an actual story to engage with, the side missions do add to the immersion by contributing to the themes present in the game. But contributing a bit to the immersion and servicing the various themes is just about all they do.

Spirituality, the soul, life beyond death, fame, opportunity, corporate colonialism, cybernetics and transformation. The themes of this game, and how the player gets to experience them, are the one area where CD Project did a pretty great job. They're presented to the player constantly in a million small and big ways all over the city. The news you hear on the radio or see on the TV about the last vestiges of popular government being stripped away by the corporations. The constant oppressive advertisements that are literally everywhere you look. The vast fields of trash and discarded tech on the outskirts of the city. They're all aspects of the same system, a system of violence, consumption and lies that is designed to stomp out empathy. It's a system with only one truth: this world belongs to the corporations. Your presence in it is only tolerated insofar as you contribute to keeping the corps in power.

Night City is an elaborate trap set by the people at the very top of corporate society. It lures people in and grinds them into dust or turns them into controllable monsters. It's a slot machine of promises where all outcomes reward the people at the top and destroy everyone else. I think Cyberpunk 2077 is one of the most hopeless settings in all of video games.

Unfortunately I have to stop complimenting Cyberpunk 2077 now, because this is where Johnny Silverhand comes in.

The decision to cast all around good guy Keanu Reeves as Johnny was incredibly savvy. Johnny Silverhand is objectively a human piece of ♥♥♥♥ with an ego so big that only the biggest and most evil corporation on the planet was big enough to match it. In a way, Keanu was the only person who could play Johnny because Keanu's real life likability was the only way to counterbalance Johnny's intense unlikability. In my opinion Keanu did a great job with the material. Whenever I talked to Johnny I was completely immersed, and the conversations I had with him were the highlights of the game for me.

Johnny has a character arc in this game. It's a pretty good one as well, which is a rare thing to find in a AAA video game. But all of the good work CD Project did with him throughout the game gets ruined by one thoughtless error.

I hated Johnny throughout the game, in a good way, and I was antagonistic to him whenever I got the option. I didn't care that Johnny realized he had made a ton of mistakes, I hated him for everything he did when he was alive and for being a brain parasite that was slowly killing me in the worst possible way. I really enjoyed the experience of being able to hate a video game character because of who he was and not because the character was badly written.

When I reached the end of the game and had to make the choice, I decided to go with Arasaka. Partly because I didn't want to get Panam and her friends killed and partly because Johnny hated that idea. I loved arguing with him at the end as they pulled the biochip out of my brain. I literally laughed out loud when Johnny tried to use Jackie against me as his parting shot. But it wasn't what I really wanted to do. I desperately wanted to just attack Arasaka on my own, ♥♥♥♥ risking my friends and ♥♥♥♥ Arasaka. But since it apparently never occurred to my character to do that, I didn't get that option. And then I found out that you can do it, but only as a secret ending and only if you were friendly with Johnny throughout the game. It felt like the game developers were punishing me for selecting options they had freely offered to me. They were punishing me for not liking this unlikable guy.

It doesn't make sense to me that my character wouldn't consider attacking Arasaka on his own. V can choose to commit suicide, so why can't he consider attacking Arasaka without Johnny playing into it somehow?

It ruined Johnny Silverhand's character for me, and honestly it destroyed the last little bit of good will I felt towards this game. It was like having the rug pulled out from under me at the last second, I couldn't enjoy anything about the story anymore knowing how CD Project decided to treat my choices. I don't know if it was a deliberate choice by them or not, but it's baffling and I hate it.

I can't recommend Cyberpunk 2077. I definitely hate certain aspects of it, but overall I don't quite hate it. That said, the things I like about this game are significantly outweighed by the things I don't. I can say this, though, I sincerely hope CD Project doesn't give up on Cyberpunk. I want them to keep trying, either by rebuilding this game from the ground up or making a sequel. The only way for CD Project to truly fail at this point is if they give up. For the things they succeeded with in this game, I'm willing to give them another chance. I hope they take it.
 

Rampant AI
278 products in account
125
377 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
59.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2021
DOWNLOAD THE NVIDIA GAME READY DRIVERS FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
I crashed like twice but didn't have a problem after I got the new game ready drivers. I'm literally making this review as a reminder. Had a blast so far but jesus guys, update your nvidia drivers.

ULTRA EDIT:
A Flawed but Fun Experience

I might as well actually review this game in its current state considering the attention this got, while I have not finished it I feel I have experienced enough of the core mechanics to formulate an accurate opinion at least on the gameplay.

It is a Witcher 3 reskin with a cyberpunk setting, considering that Witcher 3 was amazing (and I still have yet to get through it entirely) it does translate. Narratively this game excels, the dialogue is well written and acted and the characters are hard to not fall in love with. Walking around the world is exhilarating although unengaging, it is lacking interactivity. That being said the gameplay itself is a lot of fun. The guns pack a huge punch, very satisfying to use. The melee with katanas specifically is fun but broken, I did a body and reflex melee build and was able to behead TONS of foes before they even had time to react. The game is unfortunately plagued with bugs, less severe bugs especially after the recent hotfix but there are a myriad of small immersion raping bugs that pop up here and there Bethesda style.

Ultimately I invest in player agency/good writing and fun gameplay at the end of the day, the graphics are important but less so. The decision-making of Witcher is here and that's really what I like the most HOWEVER this game was clearly not ready and considering recent events with the dev I will be hard pressed to trust them again. This is an incredibly bad launch.

All of that being said, if you're the type that is a fan of Deus Ex, Dishonored, or Fallout: New Vegas you will love this game warts and all just for the godlike quest design those and this game offer. Plenty of skill check dialogue to be found. Suffice to say that I have had a good amount of "That actually worked?!?" moments so far which is a really hard feeling to nail down with games like this, you usually only get that out of CRPGs like Age of Decadence or Divinity, etc. At the same time I do not judge anyone that refunds this game or waits for a more stable version to come out because CD PROJEKT RED really dropped the ball and should not have released the game in this state.

In conclusion, this game is mostly what I expected it to be and it is a shame that people expected this game to be the second coming of Jesus. I was banking on the decision making and quest design and this game delivers on those fronts. Everything else though, it does fail here and there but, in my opinion, not enough to make the game genuinely bad. If I had to give it a score out of ten it would be a solid 8/10. Hopefully CD PROJEKT RED can iron out all of these problems in a timely manner and elevate its standing.

Also driving anything is just plain awful, it depends on what you're driving but in my opinion it should just be the same for whatever you're driving but I'm just talking out of my ass at this point.
 

Senik
145 products in account
0
229 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 14

Not Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
Simply disappointed…

The Witcher 3 is one of my favorite games of all time, the story, the characters, the open world – all memorable, engaging and interesting. Safe to say my expectations for Cyberpunk 2077 were high, I didn’t expect it to be “better” than The Witcher 3 but I did think it would be the next game that you could remember for a long time – Spoiler: It is not.

Let’s start with something positive though:
The game is gorgeous! I played on a RTX 3080 and AMD 5900x with Ray Tracing set to maximum settings with fully ray traced global illumination.
Interiors are probably the best I have ever seen and the outside areas are simply stunning as well. The world is reflecting in small water puddles after it rained and shadows are cast through the skyscrapers to the lower streets.
While the open world looks beautiful though, it’s all a façade – it doesn’t feel real. Let me explain:
NPCs simply walk up and down a street and do not interact with you at all. GTA V (which came out in 2013!) has a way more immersive open world.
GTA also has actually good police chases, or should I say it even has police chases? When you kill an NPC in Cyberpunk you can gets stars – just like in GTA. But the police will not chase you, nooo. If they are close to you, they will just try to kill you on sight, simply drive away 200m and they forgot. With a setting like cyberpunk, you could have had drones chasing you or even just police cars, but none of that exists.
Another thing I noticed is that I can’t remember anything from the open world. You could show me a picture from a part of the world in GTA, The Witcher 3 or Red Dead Redemption 2 and I could tell you where that is. Here it all feels the same, no real landmarks, nothing memorable.

OK, the world looks beautiful but it doesn’t feel immersive at all. What about the story?

Simply said: Its alright. Completely forgettable after one play through, the characters for the most part are boring and won’t be remembered very long. The three “background stories” you can select at the start are meaningless and offer nothing more than a few dialogue options in your playthrough. It’s a huge missed opportunity and it doesn’t help that you don’t get much if any background on V. You simply want to become a legend in Night City (for whatever reason?).
One strong suit are the side quests though. They are the most interesting part of the game. You can engage in a variety of activities, with lots of easter eggs and often fun dialogue. A select amount of larger side quests tie into the games ending but in a very unnatural way. If you completed the side quests you are offered an additional option in the final quest. There could have been more elegant solutions but its passable.
All in all, the story is the part that disappointed me most: The Witcher 3 had a masterful story and I expected something similar, but what we got is honestly on the same level as Watch Dogs – alright, passable, you won’t remember it.

But wait! There is more: Gameplay

Thought getting calls in GTA was annoying? Well, you’re in luck. You are getting called ALL THE TIME. It is bad, really bad. I’ve also had countless occasions where I was in a dialogue (in the main story!) and got a call from a side quest. Like wtf? Both dialogues overlap at that point and the already broken immersion is completely ruined.
With that out of the way, the actual gameplay is alright. Shooting is passable but won’t win any prizes. Melee combat is straight garbage, hacking seems completely useless and I never really utilized it. That is because the AI is just not good. They can’t adapt to you quick enough, most of the time just standing in the open and shooting at you. As I said before, look at GTA V, not to mention Red Dead Redemption 2 or even The Witcher 3, the AI there was better. (If you buy the double jump cyberware upgrade the game breaks btw and the AI is overwhelmed by the positions you can reach).

Character customization is also flat out bad: If you go for the best armor stats you look like a clown. Make clothing exclusively visual or look at literally any other game that released in the last years to see how to make a system where you have clothing stats but can still choose your style as you want it.
Crafting: Frankly it’s not obtainable when you play the story. To upgrade to legendary quality items, you need to spend 18 points into the crafting skill tree which is just a bad decision to make while playing. But even after you’ve done that the required amount of materials are ridiculously expensive and probably won’t be possible to obtain for a large number of players.

The leaves the skill tree and the inventory system: The prior is good; you get tons of options to skill to your preferred play style and I feel like the skills are impactful for the most part.
The inventory system is unfortunately copied from The Witcher 3 – Its not great… The weight on items and the weight limit on your inventory is annoying and doesn’t add anything to the game.

I’ve gotten to this part and have not even mentioned bugs much, but they can’t be ignored. The game is in a disastrous state on release. You can’t get through a single quest without having three animations completely break, sounds missing and sometimes a trigger just refuses to work entirely. The performance is also not good and even with my setup, the game only uses 40% of the GPU which just shows its not very well optimized or programmed.

So, can I recommend it?
No, not right now. If you expect the next huge game that will be talked about for a long time because of the story, you will be hugely disappointed. If you look for a good RPG, you will be disappointed. If you look for a good first-person shooter, you will be disappointed. If you look for a good open world game, you will be disappointed. If you look for the probably best-looking open world game that takes place in a large city though, then this might be just right for you.
But even if that’s what you want, wait! The game is in an awful technical state and I would not recommend buying it right now if you are not 100% sure you have a setup that can run the game somewhat stable.

Closing thoughts:
The game got rated 10/10 and 9/10 by most major news outlets and I believe that’s just objectively wrong. If the CD Project Red Logo was switched out for EA or Ubisoft that game would be ripped apart by everyone. In my opinion there is clear bias because of how good The Witcher 3 was. If any other company had released a game in such a bad shape, there would be outrage by the outlets with talks about long term impacts and trust in the company… Not so in this case. I have no doubt that the bugs can and will be fixed in the future, but even if the game was running perfectly – It’s not better than 7/10.
 

T-R3x3r
272 products in account
17
1,062 people found this review helpful
249 people found this review funny 52

Not Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2021
I feel like I didn't buy a game. I just donated 60 bucks to CD Project Red
 

JayRocked
36 products in account
2
806 people found this review helpful
603 people found this review funny 55

Recommended
41.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2021
Doesnt compare to Geralt having sex on a unicorn...
 

filipwo
109 products in account
2
552 people found this review helpful
45 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
67.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
its like beta version rn but story and gameplay are very enjoyable
 

cybleX
222 products in account
5
2,712 people found this review helpful
368 people found this review funny 55

Not Recommended
95.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Needs more time in the oven.
 

Raiine
351 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
94.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Hyper-realistic game, really immersive. Melee combat is ok but gunplay combat is where it's at for me. The story is really good too, I kinda preferred exploring the absolutely beautiful city but I had to progress story to unlock access to other districts. There are some bugs and glitches sadly, no day 1 patch yet. From the amount of content they give you, I'd say buy it.
 

ramzi0500
112 products in account
0
234 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
75.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2020
Just watch this game become game of the year once all bugs are fixed, just as it happened with witcher 3.

People will always whine if something isn't perfect. If you want the most powerful story, interesting gameplay mechanics, then this game is surely one of the best out there.
 

Jesse Pinkman
176 products in account
17
797 people found this review helpful
75 people found this review funny 34

Not Recommended
51.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 4
The only two games I ever pre-ordered were No Man's Sky and this (laugh now) and thus I wanted to give CDPR a fair chance to fix it before I write this. Now it won a Steam Award. Next year then "Labour of Love" award because bugfixes? Maybe I'm just too old for all of this.

Summary:
Most of the bugs on PC are gone by now, maybe except out of bounds errors.
I liked the story (still not finished) quite a bit but still expected more. Some cool side quests.
The Braindance is braindead.
The whole open world aspect is negligible in terms of both gameplay and excitement.
The perks are as riculous, as the whole RPG aspect is.
It looks nice and sounds okay.
3rd person could have added a lot imo.
For 50% off, maybe. Better wait for 70% next Summer Sale.

Once again a developer promised stuff that did not happen until the date the publisher wanted the game to pay off.
Except CDPR, in this case, is both.
 

Niwolos
319 products in account
30
2,815 people found this review helpful
108 people found this review funny 250

Not Recommended
73.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 17
So I've beaten this game beginning to end. I've completed all the gigs and NCPD scanner quests. The only thing I've missed out on was a relationship quest which didn't trigger. (Even after a year, it's not surprising.)

After all of that, I can confidently say, this game was and still is one of the most over-promised and under-delivered titles I've ever seen apart from maybe No Man's Sky (but at least they've put in the maximum amount of effort to deliver the promises they originally made, Cyberpunk will NEVER reach the heights and content initially promised).

The things they promised us that sold me on the game that turned out to be lies? Choices made outside of the starting prologue literally doesn't affect anything except for some very far and between dialogue options (which don't change the path of the story in any way). There is incredibly limited choices to make in the main story to actually effect the path it puts you on (won't spoil but the promise of multiple playthroughs being unique? An absolute lie. The story/dialogue options are ultimately as linear as the average Telltale game, an illusion of choice, all leading to very limited outcomes AND EVEN THEN, the story in my opinion is absolutely nothing special). The AI is braindead (STILL). Purchasing safehouses? A lie. Character Customisation? Very limited. If you want the full breakdown of promises that weren't delivered, there is an entire Reddit thread you can find with a quick google.

If you bought the newest model of a Ferrari and were told by salesperson it was the fastest road car ever, you take it home and it won't move faster than a crawl, you would not be happy being told "It crawls now but we'll patch it over the next few years until it hits its top speed". It would be unacceptable right???

So, why do these big game devs keep getting a pass by players for bullsh***ing us? They were nominated and WON the award for the Steam Outstanding Story-Rich Game Award for their lies, when none us would accept this nonsense in any other industry. Restaurants wouldn't be getting Michelin Stars for serving bad food and Actors wouldn't get awards for bad performances, but as gamers we're sold blatantly unfinished products and are expected to accept it? The game industry will never improve if we keep taking this laying down.

Anyway, remember this review when Bioware releases Dragon Age 4, inevitably in an unacceptable state and we gift them with a Game of the Year award for it!
 

Coffin Stuffer
544 products in account
120
2,969 people found this review helpful
98 people found this review funny 278

Not Recommended
120.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2021
This needs to be set straight. Nothing has been changed in the game since it came out. There has been a wave of positive reviews, but i do not believe the game deserves it... yet. The game was incomplete at launch and still is to this day. They released a broken, glitchy, buggy game, waited for the anger of their fans to die down, and are now trying to sell the game off as something else completely. steam award nominee for GAME OF THE YEAR?! are you kidding me? its the same broken piece of ♥♥♥♥ it was last year. Outstandingly Story-Rich Game?! You choose from 3 different options of how you start your game, and none of them matter after you get past the Prologue for each. The Cops are a bloody mess, Gangs have no impact on the city or districts, there are so many lies they threw out at the beginning just to sell the game. There are still a record of these lies called Night City Wire you can find on Youtube where the devs and their spokespeople spent hours trying to convince you that all these cool fetures will be in the game, and none of them are. I'm hoping this game pulls a No Mans Sky and creates one of the best games ever made, but they have yet to prove anything like that will be happening at all.

So much potential wasted on a money grab. Thanks for turning what could have been one of the best games of all time into a mediocre photo op simulator with 15 poses.

You don't deserve the awards you were nominated for this year, not yet. Triple A games from 2018 are better than this game still, so unless its on sale for half price i wouldn't recommend buying this until they put some effort into it.
 

KewasabiSan
188 products in account
153
306 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 32

Recommended
248.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2021
To preface this review: I played Cyberpunk 2077 all the way from release up until update 1.2, so any updates that will change the game after that time I will not be able to say anything about. I did a completionist run of cyberpunk with a mostly stealth playstyle (with some occasional handguns and smart guns) and thoroughly explored every corner of Night City. So this is my experience with this game.

Gameplay
Stealth gameplay is pretty barebones (killing or choking someone unconscious makes no difference) but I still enjoyed using the environment to my advantage with my hacking skills. It is pretty satisfying to complete an area or quest without anyone ever seeing you. That being said, enemies do seem to have a spidey sense sometimes and will just spot you when you’re not even in sight (through a wall sometimes even). And once you get caught, it’s pretty much run and gun from there onwards since they don’t reset their aggro unless you walk really far away.

The gunplay is pretty solid. Handguns are fun to use (even though extremely overpowered) and smart guns are really satisfying (shooting through walls, head shotting without really aiming). Can’t really say much about melee combat since I barely did anything with it. The gameplay loop comes down to: ‘go here, kill guy, get loot’ but the story mostly makes up for that. The game also has some balancing issues because you can basically one shot everyone at level 20 if you spend your points wisely.

Quests
The main quest(s) and associated side quests are really good in my opinion. The characters are believable in the sense that they could actually exist in such a futuristic world. And CPDR does not shy away from what the ‘taboo’ and mature subjects touch upon and are done really well. At one of the main quest endings I even got a little bit emotional, which I don’t get a lot when playing games.

Side quests in cyberpunk are categorized in ‘actual side quests’, ‘gigs’ (with subcategories of killing someone or stealing/hacking something) and the most basic side quests which are ncpd scanner hustles and crime in progress (which are basically go here, kill guys, get loot). With the side quests it’s mostly hit or miss, some are really great and some not at all. Cyberpunk often likes to give you the illusion that your choices matter but it’s usually two doors that lead to the same hallway, metaphorically speaking. On rare occasions it does matter what you choose and it has an impact on the world. But generally don’t go in expecting too much from your actions. There is also literally nothing to do in night city once you've completed all the quests. There are no repeatable side-activities whatsoever.

Environment
Night City is a pleasure for the eye. I played on a mid-range rig (gtx 1060 6gb/Ryzen 3700x) and played on mid-low graphics. Even with these low settings, night city is graphically really good looking. The environment does cause your fps to dip sometimes but generally I was playing with anywhere between 30-50 fps. Night City is one of the best well handcrafted cities I’ve ever seen in a game in my opinion. Each district has its own distinct architecture and feeling which makes you feel like you actually go somewhere else every time. There were countless times where I just opened photomode and just looked at the beautiful sights for a while. On the other hand, the npc’s in the city are incredibly lifeless and walk everywhere with no purpose. Night city also does not have even the most basic necessities like a barber or tattoo shop. So you’re pretty much locked to the look you gave your character at the start.

Exploration
I explored night city and the badlands thoroughly and loot can be found on pretty much every corner, although most of it is ‘junk items’ (which can be turned into crafting components). On occasion you can find legendaries hidden around the world, which is a nice touch. You can also find bits and pieces of stories as you explore. For example: you found a body from someone who jumped off a bridge and he has a ‘lore book’ on him explaining why he jumped. And later in the game you could find the other side of that story. Not everything is worth reading from these stories, but some are funny references or give more depth to the world.

Music
The OST is really good and immerses you into the scenes. The songs on the radio are hit or miss, depending on your music taste. The music is good enough that I’ve added some of the songs to the playlist I listen to often.

Bugs
This game has a lot of bugs, some of which are now fixed with the 1.2 update. I’ve played from release and I have not really encountered too much game breaking bugs. Mostly low level bugs like t-posing, people walking through solid objects and other weird interactions in gameplay. The only two big bugs I had was one questline being completely locked off (which was then fixed in 1.1) and one quest not starting at all (which fixed itself after a while for some reason). While that did feel incredibly bad at the time, I’m glad they fixed it because if they didn’t this review would have a very different tone. I do realize that not everyone’s playthrough will be like this, so liking this game really depends on your tolerance for bugs.

Conclusion
Cyberpunk 2077 has many flaws but also some aspects that come close to ‘masterpiece’ quality. It’s really sad to see that this game didn’t have enough time to cook and was probably pushed out of the door too quickly. We all wanted and expected the game they promised, but it’s just not there yet. Perhaps with the free dlc’s and patches it will reach that level, but we shall see. That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed my playthrough and will probably do another one in the future. 8/10, would play again.
 

Heatedsun
74 products in account
5
120 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
2,252.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
I think it's good that the developers waited so long until I turned 18 :P


Panam 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Cacti


spending some time with Judy 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Cacti
 

Cacti
615 products in account
47
586 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 23

Not Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2021
This is it. The game that has forever scarred me from pre-ordering again. I have learned my final lesson about pre-orders.
 

thekeger
69 products in account
25
195 people found this review helpful
96 people found this review funny 21

Not Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2021
The only punk I've seen whilst playing this is me in the reflection of my monitor for buying this game.
 

Jim
247 products in account
22
124 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
136.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2021
Well, Night City - good night and good luck.

I've finished all the endings (including the secret ending), all the side quests, the gigs, the NCPD hustles and 100% steam achievements. My heart is now empty again until I find another game that I can sink into as deep as Cyberpunk 2077.

The story, the characters, the world building in general is incredibly immersive and complex. Side quests like Sinnerman, the Peralez quests, all the romance-able characters' quests, left a deep impression on me and burned my expectations on any future game that I would play. Good job CDPR!

I started playing from 1.20 to 1.31 and the only game breaking bug I faced wasn't even from the game itself but rather my Steam achievement not registering for the Heywood all gigs and hustles achievement (Mean Streets, solved it by using another save). Some visual bugs do occur sometimes but to me they aren't really game breaking.

This isn't a sandbox game like GTA and more like an RPG like Witcher 3 but in a Cyberpunk world. I know CDPR did underdeliver from what they initially promised, but to me this game is still worth all my penny and I would do it all over again just to experience it as a virgin once again.
 

TYRNG
79 products in account
0
1,105 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 44

Not Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2021
Ugh, What a shame. I am not even pissed about the bugs and glitches really, it's just so much was promised for literal years for this game and only about 1/3 of it made it in to the final product. This game is a TERRIBLE RPG.. As an action game, sure it's fun to shoot things and stuff but this was supposed to be the chosen one. Supposed to bring us the best open world mechanics and relationships and non-braindead NPCs who poof in and out of the world just by turning your back, ever. The story is not bad really, but your decisions in this game have 0.003% affect. They cut so much stuff that they said would be in this game it's really unreal.

This game will go down in history as the biggest scam game of all time. Tricked an entire world in to thinking that it was going to be the most immersive experience you've ever had, and ended up being a Fallout 76 type cash grab. I don't think I can ever forgive CDPR for this. They tricked us all because of how great Witcher 3 was and they knew it. I feel sorry for the actual devs of this game having to deal with their hard work stymied by corpo trash at the top.
 

L I V I D
106 products in account
54
1,741 people found this review helpful
226 people found this review funny 144

Recommended
226.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☑ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☑ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
 

Mikeeelele
619 products in account
0
130 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2021
Introduction
This review is spoiler-free. Cyberpunk 2077 is not the game we got promised but it is still decent after all- nothing more, nothing less. Keep in mind that most negative reviews address the bugs in the game. Me on the other hand experienced a mostly bug-free gameplay. The only bugs i had were mainly of the graphical sort like textures of characters not loading or pop-ins. Only once or twice they extented to a game-breaking level when i randomly got teleported 100ft away but like i said that just occured very rarily. Is this massively hyped action RPG as bad as the reviews suggest and does it manage to keep up with the expectations? Let's find out..

Graphics
The graphics are simply stunning and pure eye-candy. Night City looks gorgeous (Especially at night) and even the remote areas have their own charm. Speaking of beauty- the main character models look just like you'd imagine people living in a dystopian future look like. Hairstyles, make-up and cyberware are just spot-on and immersive. The carefully selected warm neon color themes distract you from all the corruption going on in Night City and arrouses the feeling of security. Random NPCs however, look bland and neglected- their textures can look painfully bad. Everyone has the same face, animation and reactions and i don't even want to mention how often i saw the same NPCs in the same area. Still i would say the graphics are the strongest feature of Cyberpunk 2077 and reason alone to purchase this game- if you like Cyberpunk themes. It's running pretty solidly on a GTX 1660Super + Ryzen 5 3600 with around 65-70fps on medium-high settings (1080p). In dense areas it occasionaly dropped to ~45fps but that did not break the deal for me.

Gameplay
Assuming you want to buy Cyberpunk 2077 you have to be satisfied with a pretty average gameplay-style. Whilst there are cool futuristic looking guns- most of them feel pretty ordinary. There are a few exceptions though like Silverhand's revolver, which has one of the sickest animations of all time. However, the vast majority (Shotguns, sniper rifles, pistols etc.) just feel clunky. Reloading feels like a pain sometimes because it does not keep up with the gameplay's pace during combat. In addition to that, melee fights do not even manage to feel one tiny bit better than Skyrim's melee system. Even The Elder Scrolls Oblivion had a more in-depth hand-to-hand combat system. The skills do not really add a lot of features and mainly serve the intention to make the game easier by simply improving your stats. Regarding vehicles; Even though the bikes and cars look and sound cool, they just feel unnatural. They make the impression that they're made out of cardboard because of their almost comical driving physics. I would not say that driving around isn't fun but still, better driving physics would have contributed to a more immersive feeling of Night City.

Stories
Main story and side missions. This point is probably one of the most controversial among the reviews. Numorous amounts of reviews state that the stories in this game are repetitive and monotone. On the other hand some people quite enjoyed them.
Why? It's probably because CDPR advertised this game with immense amounts of action trailers for the mainstream. The reality is that action-packed gameplay scenes make up like 10% of the main story. V, the main character, is mostly occupied with dialogues and there are tons of them in this game. I strongly disliked these parts- the ones where you can't do anything else besides standing in front or next to a person and listening to them talking. You get the expression that the story is finally gaining up pace just to be interrupted by another scripted dialogue scene, which just messes up the overall flow of progression. I mostly skipped through unimportant conversations because they're mostly insanely slow-paced and keep in mind that the dialogue options you choose have little to no impact on the story. Boring. You can do better, CDPR.

Open-World

Sigh. Back when Cyberpunk 2077 was still in development we all expected the open-world to be filled with life. Unfortunaly that's not the case. As a game set in an alternate universe in the 2070s you'd expect a tremendous quantity of custimization options. The truth is: Night City feels lifeless in terms of activity. No barbers, no garages, no in-depth weapon customization except a few attachment options. During it's marketing campaing, CD Projekt Red fed us hungry fans with (pre-rendered) heart-pounding police pursuits. Turns out you can just get rid of the NCPD, Night City's police department, by just driving to the next block. Voilà! You're a free citizen again. Apart from that, street races do not even remotely reach the expectations. All participating drivers just follow a scripted route with zero efforts to eliminate you. Compared to other AAA open-worlds like GTA5 or RDR2 it is dissatisfying and feels wrong.

Soundtrack
However, the soundtrack and overall sound-design are sensational. CDPR did a great job choosing fitting songs. In fact, the combat music is breathtaking. Make's you wanna never ever leave the fight again. In addition to that, Cyberpunk 2077 offers a generous amount of radio music (Mostly futuristic sounding genres like Synthpop.) As a lover of Synthwave/Synthpop i spent hours just driving around, free roaming this beautiful city with the radio volume on 100%. The unskippable radio broadcasts in between the songs are kinda annoying though but you're able to just mute the car radio completely.

AI
One of the weakest aspects of Cyberpunk 2077 is its stupidly braindead artificial intelligence. Every NPC, no matter if common thug or elite fighter owns the same combat AI and offer little variety. This A.I has a negative influence on stealth gameplay. Hostile NPCs fail to spot you even if you're in plain sight. Besides that, they prove to be the most idiotic human beings i've ever witnessed in a game. They all play the same behavior patterns. Hold them at gunpoint- they all start doing the same animation. Notice a shooting, explosion etc- they just duck and do nothing else. You probably saw a lot of compilations and comparison to other games and we have to admit- the NPCs are just as stupid as they are in those videos.

Voice acting
For the most part the voice acting in this futuristic RPG is fine. CD Projekt Red did a pretty good job hiring high quality and experienced voice actors/ actresses. I played as female V voiced by Cherami Leigh, who is a talented voice actress mostly known for her participation in Animes. While i think she did a pretty good job i occasionaly got the impression that she tried too hard to make V sound tough. Maybe it was intentional since V's a try-hard mercenary who is attempting to act unbreakable. Who knows! Same goes with the other characters. Sometimes i thought a child wrote the dialogues- words like “Biz“ sound way to cheesy for an otherwise rather serious storyline. Cherami Leigh's work and the voicing in general made a decent impression though.

My final thoughts
This review is obviously addressing the PC version, played on mostly Medium-High settings. Don't even bother playing it on last-gen consoles- it's horrible. I know from first hand experience. You might have noticed that i criticised lots of aspects but what makes me still recommend this game? I think the graphics and soundtrack really make up for its flaws. Some characters like Jackie really stick out and are fun to be around with. If you love dystopian settings- go ahead and purchase it. If you don't want to support CD Projekt Red for being liars and scrapping out tons of features- just don't buy this game and let people enjoy it. I could write an infinite rant about CDPR's marketing campaign but this review is just for the game itself.

5,5-6/10
 

Doggsen
406 products in account
16
102 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 17
Who came here after Netflix Edgerunner?
 

BOT TMP
102 products in account
0
12,347 people found this review helpful
556 people found this review funny 1,186

Not Recommended
15.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
All the negative reviews thus far are about the graphics. This one's about the gameplay.

I was so hyped at the start of the game. So much to look at, such a cool city to explore. I loved The Witcher 3, and couldn't wait to see what CDPR had learned in the past five years. Then I started playing the game, and felt my excitement slowly decay into frustration.

You start working for Guy X, that job goes wrong, so you start working with Guy Y, then you get a job with Guy Z, who needs you to talk with Girl X so that you can get Object Q from Guy R... I was immediately lost as to who any of these people were and why I should care about any of them. Every mission I was like, "Wait, what am I doing? Who is this for?" The game grabs you by the arm and yanks you along without giving you any time to get your bearings. It piles mechanic after mechanic on top of you without giving you enough time to get the hang of them. Combat is, somehow, *even less* interesting than The Witcher 3. Basically your run-of-the-mill bullet sponge shooter a la Borderlands or Destiny with some awful tacked-on stealth mechanics. My efforts to be a sneaky hacker have thus far proven completely futile--the most I've been able to do is get the drop on one or two enemies before I'm spotted and have to blast my way through 20 copy-pasted bullet sponges with no way to return to cover or avoid combat.

As for CDPR's improvements on their formula, I was disappointed to find that many mechanics that should have died with The Witcher have made their unremarkable returns here--tedious crafting, an overabundance of meaningless loot clogging an already overcrowded HUD. A character skill tree that requires reading a hundred different skills before deciding, "I guess I'll go with the 10% damage increase upgrade" or something equally statistical and uninteresting. Hundreds of weapons that ultimately boil down to "How much DPS does it have?" Oh, and carry weight, as the cherry on top.

Beyond the lackluster combat, the tedious and dated game mechanics, the world just feels uninteresting. Don't get me wrong, it looks *amazing.* But there isn't really anything to do other than the quests/content put there for you. I remember playing GTA for countless hours without touching a quest, just driving around, or blowing things up, or getting into escalating stand-offs with the police. I had a similar experience playing games like Fallout and Elder Scrolls. I believe the hallmark of a truly great open world game is when it can create a world you can have fun just hanging out in. I wasn't expecting Cyberpunk to be the next GTA/Skyrim, but I was expecting it to be a game you could have fun with just exploring around, getting into trouble... a game you could vibe to. As of now, the setting merely feels like a backdrop for a bunch of story missions, nothing more. Perhaps those story missions will get better, but as of now each one has been a variation on "Spot the person who's going to screw you over," and I have a feeling that isn't about to change.

As a huge fan of The Witcher 3, of the cyber punk aesthetic, and of open world games, 2077 feels like a huge miss.
 

Benjuls
217 products in account
0
7,029 people found this review helpful
236 people found this review funny 713

Not Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
I'm writing this with the understanding that this is very much a first impression - but after playing it for five hours straight, I think I have managed to play enough to form at least a basic opinion about this.

EDIT: I've since put a bit more time into the game. Whilst my opinions remain mostly the same, I have some better insight upon some of my feelings, and have some other things to mention. I'll have said changes highlighted in bold.

I've put even more time in now. Once more, my opinions are still strong. But some things have changed.

First and foremost, it's important to talk about, arguably, the game's primary feature - the narrative. I'll be discussing some very minor spoilers, but all of this was shown in trailers years ago, so I don't consider that an issue. Let me preface this by saying that player choice and "roleplaying" as a character are all over the place. Some quests are varied in their options, while others are extremely linear. Even still, there are some cases where picking the "wrong" dialogue option is very clearly discouraged, or throws the player into an unfavorable situation for picking something out of character. Otherwise, a lot of dialogue options are simply side-content that doesn't progress the quest at all. Further, the game throws you in without much explanation - Night City's backstory is shoved in your face a lot, but characters are given little time to develop. I felt insulted when one of the beginning characters was introduced by a "Six months later..." action-movie style cutscene.

EDIT: This dialogue flaw occurs often, but not all the time. Even still, there doesn't seem to be much choice aside from how much of a jerk you want to be - you're always still V. This only seems to get worse once the game "opens up," not better. Even outside of the intro, character investment and development is strikingly small - the game does little to get me to care for many of the NPC before that NPC subsequently disappears, dies, becomes hostile, or otherwise stops being plot relevant. I wish more characters stuck around for longer, as the ones that do are rather interesting.

Eventually, I was happy to see points in which one of my character's skills could be used to bypass dialogue or as an option for a quest resolution. Your choices do begin to matter overtime, albeit only in deciding which faction you want to side with at certain points within the game. Some quests are definitely more linear than others, even within the main story track.

Aside from a lackluster plot (thus far), the game's world is pretty to look at, but quickly loses its shine. The repetitive spam of advertisements is delightfully cyberpunk, and indicative of the genre - but it quickly turns the game's background city into an indistinguishable mess that's hard to gather much of anything from. The advertisements often seem to grasp the hyper-sexual nature of the cyberpunk genre, but do little with it aside from showing off boobs. The sprawling metropolis begins to reveal its flaws very quickly, as NPC vehicles take turns unrealistically hard, clip through objects, and even run over other people. Crowds pop in and out of existence frequently, regardless of graphical settings.

On that note, the game runs extremely poorly. I am aware that my hardware is far from the latest - i7 7700k with a GTX 1080 - but the game struggles to break even at 50 frames, with frequent dips into the 20-30 fps range, alongside microstuttering. If it were any other game, I would be more than happy to give this a pass - it's day 1. But even hardware that is far nicer than mine appears to be struggling in some cases, and after such an extended delay, I am disheartened to see so many graphical, visual, physical, and framerate-based bugs. Cutscenes will often freeze and stutter, objects will pop in-and-out despite the player standing right next to them. Textures will unload visually, and turning the camera rapidly causes considerable slowdown. Nearly every physics-based option in the game is broken in some way, and this can be noticed within moments. I pray that these issues are fixed with haste.

This would be acceptable if there was much of a game underneath to enjoy, but there is unfortunately not much here. Driving is floaty, and feels more akin to the muscle cars of the 1960s. Granted, I am only driving "low-tier cars," but cars not only handle poorly, they are often outright uncomfortable to drive, and hardly have any braking power. The roads feel awkward to drive on, and invisible walls are prevalent in places that the player is obviously not supposed to drive in - to the point that player vehicles are physically warped around at will.

Gunplay is mediocre. I don't feel particularly strong one way or the other - guns feel fine, but being shot has little feedback. I will definitely compliment the weapon handling - while some weapon placement on the screen is awkward, the animations and sounds are pretty kickass across the board. By far the most annoying part of the game's combat loop is the hacking. I previously covered some issues with it, but I think the most fair assessment is instead to simply call it "clunky." It's inconsistent, ranging from annoying to overpowered, both in regards to enemy and player usage. Stealth is fairly standard, to the point that it almost feels like it borrows elements from every other stealth game. Hitman body hiding, Watch-Dogs style camera puzzles, and Assassin Creed/Far Cry style stealth takedowns consist of much of the stealth gameplay. I don't hold that against it, as all of those systems are quite good - but it doesn't do anything unique with it. That's fine.

Melee combat is all over the place. Powerful enemies will teleport to the player and spam attacks that do damage even through the "block" function that the game provides for you, while lower enemies will stand still and wait for you to hit them. This inconsistency is indeed telegraphed in their levels (and within their quests), but the underlying melee combat system is clunky enough to put me off. I wasn't a fan of melee in the Fallout series, so perhaps it's just not for me in a game like this.

Player customization is surface-level at best. While there are many expanded options for hair, teeth, and even eyes, the complete lack of a body sculpting system is incredibly noticeable. I don't necessarily need the ability to customize every single individual triangle of my character model, but the fact that my only two body options range between having a moderately-large pair breasts, none at all, or giving my character genitalia of some kind was greatly off-putting. Moreover, choosing the female option noticeably breaks several cutscenes, with player hands clipping through objects - from an animation standpoint, it is clear that they intended for most players to play as a male.

EDIT: I also wanted to add a mild addendum that I did not mention initially - the game's UX is pretty looking, but incredibly irritating to work with. There are so many junk items in the game, and the HUD can become incredibly cluttered at some points. Even menus have this problem, with the skill tree being a largely indecipherable blob that requires multiple readings every time the menu is opened.

Summarily, I went into Cyberpunk 2077 with extremely tempered expectations. I was not expecting the game of the century, nor was I even expecting the game of the year - but I at least expected it to be playable. As of the writing of this review, the game barely functions on a technical level, and it hardly holds up from a design standpoint otherwise. Save your money for when the game is patched and is on sale. Otherwise, skip it entirely.
 

Kimiko
787 products in account
448
851 people found this review helpful
85 people found this review funny 50

Recommended
104.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2021
Okay, now its time to write my review
before I start... I already pre-ordered the game since 2019 and i was so excited about it, and for one reason, it's The Witcher 3
the best and greatest story game i ever played, i enjoyed each detail in it
and till nowadays, I don't enjoy any story game as much as i did in The Witcher 3
and that made me pre-order Cyberpunk directly without any concerns
This is due to my great confidence in this company because of what it has previously provided to us.
i played cyberpunk since the first moment of its release , I play it about 100 hours and I almost finished everything in it.
i enjoyed the story in many ways and i liked most of the characters
Johnny Silverhand, Rogue, Panam, Evelyn Parker, River, Judy, Takemura, Kerry, Padre, Viktor, And for sure, I don’t forget the closest to the heart, Jackie.
Night City is a really beautiful city In terms of design and lighting, Everything about it is beautiful, and I have no objection to the story, the characters, or the city’s design.
What bothered me deeply and I was surprised and shocked… The game's AI, stupid in a way you wouldn't expect!
You feel like playing a 1999 game, not a 2020 game and here I am not talking about bugs or mistakes..
I'm talking about artificial intelligence of people walking on the street
Or drive their car and stuff like this.
Physics is also bad for a game that came out in 2020!
You see things that make you laugh a lot, and you grieve at the same time that CD Projekt failed this way and dropped its reputation just like that.
And for the open world…
Didn’t feel actual activity or vitality inside the game, So there aren't many things you can do
And I swear that GTA San Andreas had a lot more than this,It contains activity, vitality and energy more than cyberpunk 2077... like playing Billiards, Basketball, Mini-games, Slot Machine, Roulette, Wheel of Fortune, Video Poker, etc...
The simplest thing, you cannot Customize anything on your car, and When you get into a car, police can’t chase you anymore.
This is just simple things. I need a whole day to write about the negative things of the game and I will not even finish!
But I don't deny that I enjoyed the main and side story.
At the same time, I was very disappointed because I expected many, many more from this company, Especially after what I lived and saw in the world of the Witcher 3.
I think it was bad idea to be hurry about release the game.
At the same time, they were deeply mistaken for the hype they made about it, By saying that it will be the game of the century or the best open world game, etc.
I hope that they will learn from their mistakes and not repeat them, Because I don't like to see this company go downhill for any reason.
at the end i just want to say
Thank you CD Projekt
and hope u get well soon
 

'Zamo
800 products in account
33
485 people found this review helpful
71 people found this review funny 33

Recommended
107.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2021
This game is good if you don't have someone in your ear telling you how awful it is.
 

EatMyHair
133 products in account
0
304 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
189.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2021
Great game but what a missed opportunity for CDPR to create one of the best RPGs ever. Shame. Could've and should've been better.
 

Batty
135 products in account
0
1,025 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 85

Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
Cyberpunk might not run on 2013 hardware, but it still feels like a game that could've been released 7 years ago. Far from the next stage in the evolution of open world games, it's just one more for the pile.

Wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle, individual levels tied together with tarmac, masquerading as an open world. If you're as tired of this formula as I am, Cyberpunk will do nothing to win you back. I avoided as much of the hype surrounding this game as I could. I went in with very little information, and I don't think my expectations were too high. All I wanted was just a little something new, but I didn't find that here. It feels like something made entirely from pieces of games I've already played before, both in its design and story.

I knew nothing about the existing Cyberpunk franchise going in, and still don't. So many of its ideas have been explored elsewhere that it's unclear what this game gains from its source material. Despite being set in an anarcho-capitalist hellscape and partnering you with a left-wing extremist, this game is, paradoxically, not very political. The main focus is instead on surviving this world rather than challenging it, which might be disappointing if you were expecting something deeper. There's still plenty of good story moments and characters, but this doesn't feel like an introduction to a rich world the way the Witcher games were, and it didn't leave me wanting more when it was over.

My attitude towards side quests in general is that if they don't pique my interest, then I don't do them. The game's method of trying to tease you into side questing through short text messages and phone calls usually meant there wasn't a lot of bait on the hook. This, combined with the strong sense of urgency the main story constantly asks you to give it, resulted in me doing very few side quests over my 30 hour playtime. This destined me to get the game's bad ending, and it felt like I was being punished for taking the main story seriously. I've now heard positive things about the side quests, but the ending left me soured, and even though there's plenty left for me to do, I just don't feel like doing it anymore. If I could change one thing about my playthrough, I wouldn't have given the main story so much attention.

I played on the "Hard" difficulty and would describe the gameplay as looter-shooter-lite. There's health bars and floating damage numbers, and your inventory is filled with guns, but it never gets too crazy number-wise. Enemies get stronger at a gradual enough rate that you can hold onto a weapon for a really long time, and bullet sponges don't really exist outside of boss battles. Character progression is handled through attribute and skill points, which are easy enough to fully grasp on a first playthrough, and intertwined in such a nice way that I didn't feel the urge to horde either of them.

Item progression is gated by money and a stat called "Street Cred". Street Cred only seems to exist to stop you from purchasing certain items until you've done the appropriate amount of grinding. Money is hard to come by, and you won't get enough of it to buy some of the more interesting items if you stick too closely to the main story like I did. There's a simple crafting system, and while the game showers you in crafting materials, it otherwise doesn't do much to convince you it's something you ought to be doing.

My gameplay style was Stealth, which in this game is tied to the "Cool" attribute. That might set certain expectations, however while encounters do feel like they appropriately accommodate for stealth gameplay, they don't feel like they're appropriately designed for it. The options and challenges provided for stealth players are just too few and underwhelming. Too often the game would set up scenarios that seemed to have no obvious stealth approach. I'd observe the situation for a while and try to piece together a plan, but then wonder, "maybe I can just walk around all of this and go in through a back door?". The back door strategy always works, but I never felt cool for using it.

While a level might have multiple entrances, once inside your options for navigation tend to be limited. Occasionally there'll be a locked door you can open if you've invested enough attribute points, but even these are surprisingly rare. Security cameras should be an extra caution for stealth players, but they can always be disabled from a safe distance at no cost. There's a non-lethal option, but it seems to exist only for role-playing. The game won't reward you if you complete an objective without being seen or without killing. There's a mechanic for hiding bodies, but it felt broken, and every "body found" alert I got felt like a bug. Certain enemies might pose unique threats in combat, but outside combat they'll operate like plain enemies. Nearly every enemy can be killed with a stealth takedown, and so from a stealth perspective they all feel the same, even the bosses. The tutorial hints at special enemies that would break out of your stealth attacks, but I never encountered any of these in my 30 hours.

Bosses are super aggressive and battles tend to start with you already in combat. You wouldn't know by looking at them, but boss battles do allow for stealth. A stealth kill on every boss plays out exactly the same way: run away until they lose aggro, sneak up from behind for a takedown, and repeat until dead. The stealth boss kills are so disappointing and so poorly executed that playing this way feels more like an exploit than an intended strategy.

For me, the Deus Ex games set the mark for stealth gameplay, and Cyberpunk misses that mark by a wide margin. By the end of the game I'd transitioned away from stealth and into a long range sniper setup which I had a lot more fun using. If I could change a second thing about my playthrough, I wouldn't have invested so heavily into stealth.

I did encounter some obvious bugs, but none were so bad that I couldn't look past them.

There's a lot of negativity surrounding this game, but I'm also seeing people who got a lot more out of it than I did, and I'm genuinely envious of them. I'm left with the feeling that I just so happened to pick the worst possible way to play Cyberpunk, and that it deserves a second chance. Cyberpunk didn't surprise me, but it still succeeded in holding my attention and keeping me entertained for 30 hours. It's probably hard to tell given how negative this review is, but I did enjoy Cyberpunk. I just might have enjoyed it more 7 years ago.
 

Citrinate
7,081 products in account
0
215 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2021
At the risk of deviating from the norm, I'll straight away gently endorse purchasing this game. I did not play at it's release, but there were plenty of reviews to give you sense of what the game was at that time.

Now - At over 70+ hours, I literally only experienced one instance, very early in my play-through, that resulted in me needing to force and exit and reload a previous save in order to progress (V's link cable wasn't loading for the extraction point tutorial, thus wouldn't trigger the exit). Following that hiccup, there was some occasional pop-in with traffic and pedestrians, with some questionably strategic vehicle pop-in during one chase mission, and quite a lot of NPC cloning in some areas.

However, *none* of those aspects were really enough to be outright distracting, or diminish the overall beauty of this game, and especially it's ability to tell an engaging story. The story is somewhat knowingly in the style of Altered Carbon, as it relates to world building, and central characters behaving authentically to the environment and their background. The *voice acting and motion capture, paired with some of the most impressive textures I've ever seen in a game, work well together to add authenticity to the minor and pivotal moments. There are some unexpectedly heartfelt moments, especially when playing as a female V and pursuing a relationship with Judy, which results in one of my favorite moments in gaming - and a deliberate nod to Radiohead's Pyramid Song (and video).
(*Keanu Reeve's voice acting seems, at time's, slightly incompatible with the context of some scenes, but he's playing a pretty unlikable character, and anything off kilter about him smooths out as you progress to the final acts. And even perhaps this is due to how the character 'exists' in the game, and how their personality develops throughout the players progression)

The combat and controls feel tight, intuitive, and there are a wealth of perks to choose from such that there are few perks, and fewer talents containing those perks that don't feel worthy of spending your points on. The compatibility between quickhacking and stealth can, at times, take the challenge away from opting for a combat centered approach. Though, anything you can do to avoid the flatlining (death) screen is preferable in any event.

Again, looking beyond the micro and enjoying the macro, this world, and especially the level of detail that went into Night City is absolutely splendid. They embellished a city that is advertising to it's consumers at every corner, whether it's hyper-sexual, or some massive hologram koi swimming above your head through a glass dome as you speed down the highway, daytime or nighttime Cyberpunk consistently delivers on the visual wow-factor.

If you aren't compelled to focus on a game that didn't meet expectations on Day 1, it certainly comes very close now in it's current incarnation. And *close*, for those of us not completely spoiled by expecting perfection, is still enough for this game to stand on it's own as a worthwhile bit of escapism. I anticipate, with ongoing patches the user experience with only be further enriched. As for now, it's plenty rich and plenty playable.

I'd love to see CD Projekt Red have enough of a reason to justify showing us more of this world.

FYI - I opted for Streetkid, played for the 'good ending' with the Aldecaldos support, and one of my favorite missions centered around Delamain the AI taxi company who had one alter that will sound very familiar from another popular franchise (about all I can say without getting into spoilers.)
 

Hoguelikewoah
65 products in account
16
1,174 people found this review helpful
88 people found this review funny 56

Recommended
83.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Was it overhyped?
Yes.
Is it pretty buggy?
Yep.
Is it still a really good ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game?
You betcha.
 

Scorch052
518 products in account
0
234 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
**UPDATE YOUR DRIVERS TO GET RID OF SEEING FOLIAGE THROUGH WALLS** Apart from the small bugs (NPCs mouths not moving when talking, handheld objects pausing in real-time then floating, and minor graphics issues) I can say that I have been enjoying the game as a whole, these bugs won't last forever and I'm sure CDProjektRED will be patching them soon. I recommend the game, however do know that the bugs I stated previously are common issues. The gameplay is fun aswell as the in depth customization, and I've only scratched the surface with 7 hours played.
 

JaiaDaJuiceMan
159 products in account
0
572 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 47

Not Recommended
120.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2021
I hate how almost everyone acts as if bugs are the only problem of this game. Many people say "it will be playable once bugs are fixed". But the thing is, this game is just fundamentally not what everyone was expecting. Honestly, it's just a mess of broken game mechanics and poor design choices, I feel like they didn't test anything at all. I wish CDPR would've just stick to the idea of a full fledged RPG (which is exactly what everyone was excited for) and gave up going for a half-assed gta rip-off. They tried to kill two birds with one stone and failed in almost every way. But besides all this, I can see that some developers wanted to pour their heart and soul into making this game. In-game environments and art style are great, 3D artists did a great job, I also enjoyed some side characters' storylines, but there were only a few of them, I feel like there could be a lot more interesting stories like in The Witcher 3. I also liked shooting and reloading animations, I can see that they worked on it a lot to make it more satisfying, combat system in general had the potential as well, but it's broken, and skill trees are boring as hell and most of them don't even work. I feel like this game could've been decent if they didn't rush it and realized everything they originally planned. I think this game is beyond help unless they make some kind of miracle dlc or overhaul patch that will change it fundamentally.

Update: They released the 1.5 patch, which added a bunch of nice things, a lot of quality of life improvements and things that should've been there since the release, like changing character's appearence, buying and customizing new appartments, crowds now react more lively to your actions, etc. Skill trees were completely reworked. Still kind of hopeless, because it's still the same game, people won't suddenly love it just because of those nice, yet rather insignificant things. Will people who were comparing it to Gangster Vegas be satisfied now that they added water splash effects? Probably yes. Will people who just wanted a good action RPG be satisfied? Definitely not. They might as well just reimagine the whole game and just leave the assets as they are, like I said, the graphics and just the way the game looks is pretty impressive, it's the gameplay and the whole game design that are screwed up.
 

FrescoBrah
306 products in account
0
165 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
72.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2021
This is by far the most controversial title of recent memory. No other game generated this much of hype, hate, love, disdain, and other emotions from a wide range of people, outlets, and journalists where it spawned numerous opinions that barely reflect the reality anymore.

So where to start? It is safe to say that the single, biggest issue with Cyberpunk is that it was marketed and hyped up to biblical heights, comparable only to vaporware like Half Life 3. Living up to these unrealistic expectations were literally impossible and further fueled by false marketing promises on game features and content that never seen the light of day.

Cyberpunk undoubtedly arrived in an unfinished and broken state with hundreds of bugs, glitches and glaring performance issues that are not in-line with the min/recommended specs. The game is virtually unplayable on last-gen consoles and low tier PCs even though it was marketed as such.

This is where most reviews will stop and mention that “but, but but… Skyrim, Wither 3, No Mans Sky etc. was a buggy mess and I’m sure CDPR will fix the bugs in no time” and yes, that is probably true. CD Project RED is a 100% committed to fix the bugs and provide steady updates. I truly believe that over time this might be a new No Mans Sky scenario which is now widely accepted as gaming’s ultimate redeem act.

However, there are glaring game design decisions, not bugs that will probably never be fixed especially after launch. It is financially unfeasible to redesign the game and implement what was originally the vision and marketed for years. Putting also in context the shacky 8 years of development with multiple redesigns and scope creep.

Wake up Samurai, we got a linear storyline to burn

The developers of this game had no clue what type of game they wanted to create. They liked the open world idea from the Witcher but wanted a linear story driven experience also, packed into a style of a first-person shooter. What ultimately resulted in Cyberpunk is now more of a story driven linear Looter-Shooter with RPG elements rather than a Next-gen RPG experience they originally advertised, falling short in every genera aspect, never able to fully deliver in any of it.

The RPG aspect of the game is very limited, cut-back and ultimately unfulfilling for fans of the genera. You have very limited decisions with an on-rail storyline and most of your customizations you can do barely affect the outcome. Lifepath choices, a big advertisement point, is an ultimately disappointing feature that does not drive narrative or provide anything of value other than an additional voice line. Branching dialogue options are basic, strait forward and does not allow for any roleplaying whatsoever.

It’s a city of false dreams…

Driving or walking through Night City gives the impression of a breathtaking, alive place which have never been seen before in video games. Pedestrians shopping at kiosks, cars passing by, managers arguing over the phone, police investigating a crime scene, local gang members taking a break etc. A beautiful, non-choreographed and immersive place to be in.

But than you stop.

You realize that NPC’s are lifeless, don’t do much at all, have no daily schedule like it was promised and unable to properly react to any player action. Night City is just a pretty, artificial bio-scenery that has no depth beyond its surface.

AI pathfinding and car driving is abysmal. Nearly any action that sets of an NPC from their predetermined path will cause the AI to freeze up, freak out or to do some other weird immersion breaking action.

Complete lack of Police AI wanted system, and chase mechanic with an unrealistic enemy spawn mechanic that lets police pop up in your field of vision. It is confirmed that there is no Police Ai pathfinding/driving mechanic developed so they left out the whole feature at launch resulting in the most ridiculous and utterly broken Police response. Even 2001 GTA3 had way better police and chasing system in this regard. This function is utterly broken and clearly taken out before launch as in 2019 they expressed in detail to the press of the complex mechanics of police response and even sort of bounty hunters (Max Tac) going after the player.

…and I am a big dreamer.

There are hundreds of minor or significant quality of life issues, balance problems and missing features or cut content.

Other than the main story or the side quest there is very little offered to enrich the experience and immersion. There are no minigames or side activities and you cannot really bond with your hard-earned NPC’s and love interest or do stuff together. There is 1 type of racing and 1 type of brawling and nothing else.

Apartments are useless, with very limited things you can do in it. No decoration, customization or functionality that would want you to visit said apartment often. You also cannot purchase more desired flats, though you earn some basic ones throughout the story. Cars cannot be collected and displayed in a garage nor they cannot be customized, even though on the street you see several variants of different models.
Entire parts of the city are blocked from the player and the metro/subway system (featured in the marketing demo) is completely cut.

“Wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle”

With all this said on what Cyberpunk Is not let me tell you what Cyberpunk really Is.

Night City is an incredibly immersive, well-crafted place where spending time is simply fun . The atmosphere completely sucks you in, wanting to spend just a bit more time with each session. The gigs and side quest are wonderfully hand-crafted and often charmingly bizarre. Characters are interesting, lovable and voice acted to perfection, Jackie, Judy, Panam, Jhonny, River and many more are memorable and well developed.

It’s exceptional art design, graphics and mesmerizing scenery will make you awe and gaze in wonder at every step. The music is superb with a banger soundtrack that will crank up the mood of every situation.

Gunplay and weapon design are well done and enjoyable. Even though the combat is very bullet spongy, easy to exploit with lackluster weapon customization, the guns are still relatively fun to use and do the job.

The game undoubtedly is a buggy, unfinished mess with so much more that could have been added to enrich the experience, but still, I want to go back. I want to spend just 5 minutes more in this uniquely weird and bizarre world. Finish one more gig, explore the shoreline of Pacifica or walk in Kabuki market one last time.

Unfortunately for the features that were promised, the lackluster character building, RPG options, lifeless NPCs and broken police, there really is no immediate and obvious fix and it is hard to see how CDPR would even have the means to address any of them.

There is great value to be found here. An immersive world with a great story and memorable characters. However, the only way that you can enjoy it if you accept it’s shortcomings and limitations. If you have ceiling high expectations or think that this game is anything like GTA, Skyrim or The Witcher, then you will be disappointed. Cyberpunk is Cyberpunk, and it plays by its rules. I am not saying I don’t want this game to be different, to be more, but you have to understand that it just simply isn’t. And accept, hell, love it for that fact.

The glitches and bugs in the current state will often break the immersion and pull you out of this magnificent world, which is truly a shame. I would recommend waiting a few months, as stated before CD Project already expressed that they aim to fix everything and provide content DLC from Q1 2021.

It is uncertain by great margin how all of this will affect the multiplayer portion. Until then, however there is another gig waiting for me in Night City.

10/7 Good
 

Gecinyuszi
479 products in account
19
1,781 people found this review helpful
279 people found this review funny 106

Not Recommended
94.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2021
I'm a simple man but I dont like when someone is blatantly lying and I feel like CDPR did that.

Branching story? - Nope (There is one moment in the game that truly decides what ending you'll get, all previous choices still leads to that one moment no matter what)
Your background story has any impact on your story? - Nope
Interestings quests? - Nope (or very few)
Meaningful choices? - Nope
Impressive character creator? - Nope
Cyber Customisation? - Nope
Can you change your hairstyle? - Nope
Can you change your tatoos - Nope
World reacting to how you look? - Nope (maybe thats why we cant change our appearance anyway)
NPC AI? - Nope, non existent
Police AI? - Nope, non existent
Trauma team? - a joke
Can you buy aparments? - Nope\
Can you transmog look/stats? - Nope

.... and the list goes on and on, you probably heard about it by now.

8 months later, the game is still not fixed, maybe 2077 is their deadline.
 

Sanczo The Hazardzist
42 products in account
64
462 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
152.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
I absolutely love the game but they need to fix the bugs, like really
 

KirbyPeter
306 products in account
9
142 people found this review helpful
86 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
87.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
Some say optimization issues, others say didn't live up to the expectations, but deep down we all know that the biggest issue with this game is the minimap.
 

Shin
459 products in account
15
1,104 people found this review helpful
104 people found this review funny 74

Recommended
134.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2021
- DIFFICULTY -

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 "Dark Souls"

- GRAPHICS -

🔲 "MS Paint"
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲Beautiful
☑️ Masterpiece

- MUSIC -

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful

- STORY -

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing "Temple Runners" for the story
☑️ It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲Epic story

- PRICE -

🔲 Underpriced
🔲Perfect price
🔲Could be cheaper
☑️ Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

- REQUIREMENTS -

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
☑️ High end
🔲 "NASA" computer

- FUN -

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲Ride of your life

- REPLAYABILITY -

🔲 It's a one - time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
☑️ If you wait a few months / years
🔲 Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

- WORTH BUYING -

🔲 No
☑️Wait for sale
🔲 Yes

---------------------------------------
Also what I wanted to say is that this game is full of bugs. When you are in water swimming it looks like ♥♥♥♥. When you shoot at the car the person isn't even scared and the animation when the NPC is getting out of the car is also ♥♥♥♥.
 

BenCe
51 products in account
45
203 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
85.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 30, 2021
I really like this game. But as you might imagine, it comes with some serious caveats as well.

Pros:
- Excellent main story, fantastic main characters. The main plot is really quite unique and it's a real blast. Some very nice concepts are talked about, without getting too heavy-handed in the 'hurr-durr technology bad' trope so common in sci-fi.
- Gorgeous open world, absolutely TEEMING with beautiful locations, NPCs, places to explore. I haven't been this wowed by an open world setting in a long time (aesthetically, at least). It's quite fun to explore and find new places.
- If you're willing to read all the shards, the world-building is actually pretty freaking amazing. Very detailed and authentic, and it really feels like Night City has a lot of history.
- Pretty fun combat, movement (once you get the double jump), and driving is actually really fun (especially because the city is so beautiful). I can't remember the last time I fast-travelled in this game.
- Well-written characters and dialogue. Doesn't feel like they're trying too hard.

Cons:
- The forced 'RPG-ness' in a clearly action-adventure game. The game forces sooooo much loot you can collect, EXP points, skill trees, etc. This game doesn't have deep combat/gameplay mechanics, and I really wish they gave much more limited loot and more rewards at the end of missions instead. This game tries to be an RPG. It is not an RPG.
- NPC AI is hot garbage, the world doesn't react to your actions in a meaningful/convincing way. It's beautiful to explore but there's not so much to really DO. And most buildings are locked, which just makes the world feel less alive.
- Gigs and most side-missions are just: receive instructions, go and kill some people/steal something, get out. There's zero variety, and most side missions don't have interesting stories to back them up like in the Witcher 3. You don't get invested in most side missions.
- V HAS NO EFFECT ON THE WORLD. It's so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ frustrating to get some interesting main or side missions with an actually engaging story, but I don't get to make any interesting choices that have any real consequence. It's clear that there were points when the devs had something more planned but had to scrap it due to time constraints. Very few actual 'choices' and those you do have are hardly consequential at all.
- Surprise, surprise, bugs. Lots of them. Can't loot some items occasionally, weird animation glitches, etc. Not a big deal, but it does constantly remind you that you're playing a software authored by humans than a nice, seamless experience.

It might seem like there's more cons here than pros, so what gives? Well, I felt I had to explain the cons in better detail, and it's also owing to the fact that this game just had so, so much potential. As it stands, this game would have actually been pretty well-received if it weren't for CDPR's aggressive marketing, but hey, what can you do. If you want a great open world to explore and an engaging main plot, plus a lot of slightly filler-y side content, this game is for you.

FYI, the major bugs in the game have mostly been ironed out, so don't worry about that too much on PC.
 

Aniche
143 products in account
1
100 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 8

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2021
Welcome to Night City! I'm gonna get into a lot of detes but to put it briefly, the game is in a good state now and is definitely worth playing. I recommend you wait for a discount, get it and experience it for yourself, there is much to enjoy here!

Long review:

The good:
-Aesthetics - Do you like looking at those cyberpunk artworks of a rain-soaked metropolis, drowned in neon-light, as mile high skyscrapers engulf everything? Have you ever wanted to explore such a place, roam it's streets, drink in it's bars? Well, now you can. Personally I love cyberpunk aesthetics, which is why I was drawn to this game to begin with and I'm happy to say that CDPR killed it in the art department. Night City is beautiful, vast, varied and perfectly captures that vibe. The omnipresent advertising, appearance of the people, the conversations and news broadcasts you can overhear, all work to build a rich, living world that perfectly encapsulates the High-Tech/Low-Life dichotomy of cyberpunk culture. Any sci-fi fan needs to experience this game.
-Visuals, Sound and Music - An obvious one, the game is drop dead gorgeous. The particle effects, lighting, reflections and amazing detail make the game very atmospheric, I often find myself just stopping to take in all the sights there are to behold. Sound is also amazing, all cars, guns and tech sound great and complement the visuals. The soundtrack is also absolutely amazing, both the original score and music commissioned specially for the game to fill it's diverse radio stations. Everything works together to create a unique vibe.
-Story and Characters - The story is linear, yes, but it's a good one nonetheless, exciting and engaging. The cast of characters is also varied, interesting and allow you to connect with them and their issues. It's no Witcher 3, let's be real, but it's a good story nonetheless.
-Gameplay - Very fun in my opinion. Guns and melee weapons feel great. The ability to dodge also makes combat more dynamic and hacking adds an extra tactical layer to everything. Also there's a wide variety of play styles available and a lot of ways to approach missions, violence or stealth, diplomacy or force, you name it. You can truly tailor the experience to yourself. The driving is also serviceable.
-Bugs - A vast vast majority have been fixed and as of writing this review CDPR are continuing support with new polish and content. The game is in a good state now, bugs will seldom get in the way of your quality experience. The enemy AI is a lot better than it used to be too.
-YOU CAN PET THE CATS! TAKE THAT GTA V!!!

The bad:
-Bugs - Most of 'em have been ironed out...but not all of 'em. Some bugs keep popping up now and again but thankfully most of the game-breaking and more serious issues are gone and the remaining ones are more of an annoyance than anything else
-Freedom of Choice - CDPR kinda shot themselves in the foot by overpromising so much. There is some freedom to your moral choices but this is a linear story not a branching one. You can't really be who you want to be, just slightly alter the existing experience to suit you better. You can't actually "be anyone in Night City".
-Lies and False Promises - Not gonna get into the nitty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ here, you've heard this story before, if not, research it some more, it's everywhere. CDPR had no right releasing that bug-ridden unplayable turd that used to be this game. I refuse to believe that CDRP headquarters had some magical PS4 to test on where the game ran perfectly. They delayed repeatedly and released garbage on launch, so tough ♥♥♥♥ pre-orderers. Should've known better. Also a ton of stuff that was promised is not in the game and don't even get me started on the allegations of crunch times and toxic workplace culture. I can't make a judgement call there, but these things need to be acknowledged.
-Shallow Open World - In terms of open world activities, there's not that much sadly. No usable public transport, no usable flying cars outside of cutscenes, life paths don't really make that big a difference, shallow customization (Penis 2, haha), there aren't many cool minigames to play or side activities to partake in (you can't even use the Pachinko machines that you see all the time!), etc.. It's sad to think that open world games that are more than a decade old now had more depth in this regard. It's even weirder considering CDPR themselves did it right with Witcher 3 already, so no idea what went wrong here. And if you think any comparison to other games is unfair, may I remind you that CDPR claimed in their advertising, that they have made the best open world game ever. They have themselves to blame if people compare their product to others and theirs falls short.

Conclusion:
Cyberpunk 2077 is a divisive game. However, looking at just the game itself now, I think it's a very enjoyable experience. It still has flaws but CDPR did the right thing by continuing to support and improve the game. It's not a No Man's Sky level redemption arc, but it's positive growth nonetheless and I am thankful. I am also thankful to all the talented artists, writers, musicians, voice actors, etc. that worked on this magnificent project and made it what it is, ♥♥♥♥ the corpo scum and their lies. Despite it's issues, I can't not like this game. It plays like an interactive Fear Factory album and captures the aesthetics and vibe of cyberpunk sci-fi artistry perfectly. I'm enjoying my stay in Night City and I think you will too. It's truly breathtaking!
 

Психаря от Лъгът
235 products in account
1
441 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 44

Recommended
333.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
I'm gonna preface this by saying I have a good PC that runs the game well. I have experienced very little in terms of performance issues, and only a handful of minor graphical bugs (tooltips not disappearing, npcs t-posing).

I love this game. I am probably biased, as I have been waiting for this game for a long time and obsessed with the aesthetic, music, theme. I was going to play this game even if it sucked, but it doesn't. I can understand people being frustrated with the performance issues and bugs, but when those eventually get fixed I can imagine the general consensus of this game will sky-rocket. Night City is beautiful. I have never experienced a game with such amazing graphics. Even the base lighting (RTX off) is absolutely gorgeous, I find myself spending more and more time in the photomode trying to get my V to do the perfect pose for the area. I spent a lot of time just driving or riding through the city and enjoying the sights - it really is *sigh* breathtaking.

The characters and world are so detailed, in terms of graphics and story. The side missions are fun, usually references to something, easter eggs, emotional, everything. You find yourself getting attached to characters and looking forward to seeing how their story plays out. I'm addicted to this game. Hours have sailed by and I'm loving every minute. I recommend this game, but wait until the fixes and performance is rock solid for the best experience.
 

emma (evil)
108 products in account
0
198 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
93.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2021
I went in knowing I'd encounter a lot of bugs, and bugs there were aplenty! However, the writing is there to keep you going. Dark, gritty, sometimes disturbing; the gameplay and storylines are reminiscent of two of my all-time faves, Fallout: New Vegas and Witcher 3. Some of the most compelling quests are random side quests, and that's one of the things that really makes Cyberpunk 2077 shine.

Combat is alright, but there's nothing groundbreaking about the gunplay or melee. Driving is pretty bad, frankly, and I opted to fast travel a lot of places when I finished most of the side quests. Controls weren't terrible on the whole, though, and most things were relatively intuitive.

A few of the characters in the game really grow on you, and a few times, I even felt a bit of emotional anguish for them. I found myself increasingly immersed in the life of Night City--a city I immensely enjoyed exploring. CDPR did a solid job with the map, and there's plenty to do and see if you're of the mindset.

Although the first "act" kind of drags, once you get through it and the map opens up, it becomes a real joy to play. The game was even enjoyable enough to play through all of the Nomad endings... The first of which made me ugly cry. Crying aside, I definitely got my money's worth; I didn't beat it until around the 80 hour mark.

Cyberpunk 2077 is, in sum, an excellent game. I fully support players who wish to wait for the bugs to be ironed out, but for those who appreciate real RPGs, the bugs--most of which are graphical--are a minor, sometimes hilarious inconvenience.
 

Kamin
180 products in account
8
4,033 people found this review helpful
128 people found this review funny 595

Not Recommended
106.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Janky. If I can describe it with one word.

8 years of hype to launch what looks like an Early Access game.

It's glitchy, it's buggy, it doesn't run well unless you have an RTX card and DLSS enabled. And that's barely passable.

But those can eventually be fixed.

The core of the game, the massive open world, is incredibly superficial, with nothing to do in it. CDPR crafted a beautiful, detailed world, with braindead AI and overly simplistic gameplay.

There's no roleplaying involved like you would find in Deus Ex. There's no extracurricular activities that doesn't involve shooting a bunch of bad guys like you would find in Red Dead Redemption 2. You won't find tight gunplay like you would see in Destiny 2.

The AI completely lacks any sort of intelligence. Enemies rush you without the sense of self-preservation. Oftentimes standing there letting you blast them in the face. Cops spawn literally yards behind you without any chase, or any threat. Walk a block down and they completely forget you exist. No bounty on your head, no search and apprehend procedures. But stand next to them for 3 seconds and they'll shoot you on sight.

Really, there's not much to do except shoot things. Guns feel impactful enough, if you use revolvers or tech weapons, and melee combat is passable. You can go for a stealth or hacking approach, but those don't feel as good as just pulling the trigger on some thugs. Hacking is just pointing your reticle at someone, and then make a selection from the menu. And depending on what you chose, sparks just fly out of their head. That's it.

The story is engaging, yet forgettable. This is a cyberpunk setting, but it's in appearances only. There's all these talks about megacorporations taking over the world, but only one corporation takes center stage. There's no political intrigue, no conspiracy theory that actually turns out to be true, no investigation into a greater mystery. Keanu Reeves is literally taking your breath away and you go out to make sure that doesn't happen.

Your personal backstory is forgettable. It's literally 20 mins long, and your entire introduction to Night City is a montage. CDPR failed the show, don't tell aspect. They could've squeezed in a few good hours of character development and worldbuilding with the opening hours. Instead, you get taken straight into Night City, told to care about certain things, and want to have this lofty ideal of becoming a living legend for some unknown reason. You don't have a story to tell, there's a story being told to you.

The characters definitely carry the narrative, from Silverhand's personal vendetta, to Panam's sense of belonging, and Takemura's strong honor code.

Regardless, I did enjoy this game. But there's so many glaring flaws that becomes hard to ignore.

So it pains me to say, I do not recommend this game. The numerous technical issues make this equivalent to an Early Access title. But the gameplay loop, the promise of an immersive experience, a sandbox for you to get lost in are totally nonexistent. It's a beautiful world CDPR created, but it's just a glorified loading screen going from one mission marker to another.

It's all style but no substance.
 

M'Gato
521 products in account
0
593 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 29

Not Recommended
92.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2021
This game is beautiful. The city, the graphics, the cars. It's truly remarkable, especially with ray tracing enabled. Unfortunately that's all it's got going for it.

The main problem this game has isn't the bugs. It's the fact it's unfinished and rushed.
No amount of patching and DLC will ever give us 1/4 of the game they showed us from E3 2018
 

RyanBurnsRed
646 products in account
0
332 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
243.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
Never Fade Away
It was a game that did not live up to expectations and hype. It came out with a game quality that would not befit CD Project Red. Despite all the problems, I enjoyed while playing it.

Night City is beautiful have good amount of dark and grim stuff as per the Cyberpunk genre. Main Story and side missions are great some missions have multiple endings. Soundtracks/OST are awesome.

Keanu Revees as Johnny Silverhand is Breathtaking :), You establish a bond of love and hate with him the decisions we make in the game. Played V as the female character and voiceover is very good. NPCs are great with story Judy, Panam, Jackie, Evelyn, Claire, Rogue, Takemura and their side quests interactions with them are fun and give more depth to their characters and backstory. Get it on sale if you're interested Cyberpunk universe.


YouTube™ Video: Cyberpunk 2077 — Never Fade Away by P. T. Adamczyk & Olga Jankowska (SAMURAI Cover) 
Views: 8,649,223
we lost everything we had to pay the price yeah we lost everything we had to pay the price i saw in you what life was missing you lit a flame that consumed my hate I'm not one for reminiscing but I'd...


YouTube™ Video: PONPON ♥♥♥♥ 
Views: 103,514
サイバーパンク 2077 PONPON ♥♥♥♥ EDIT VIDEO
 

GwynBleidd
4,056 products in account
10
211 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
530.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 3
Played it since release. It has only improved with each patch. Wasn't excited about the "balance" changes in 1.5, but it has made it slightly harder. Netrunner FTW!
 

Reremak
49 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
84 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
192.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
It's so immersive that I just got screwed over by a Corpo by buying this game.
 

BB
252 products in account
0
343 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
306.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2021
I bought this game 4 days after it launched, just so I could laugh at all the bugs and see how bad the game really was.

I planned on refunding before I played more then two hours, and I did refund it. But shortly after refunding it, I realized I did actually enjoy the game so I ended up buying it again as soon as steam gave me my money back. I don't regret doing that and I do really enjoy the game but this isn't a game I would recommend buying at full price like I did. This is a game where you wait for the 30 or 50 percent off sales.

The story is okay. Would have been better if they focused more on the player character of V instead of Keanu Reeve's character which is just one of the most unlikable Mary sue characters in my opinion.

The game play is fun, it isn't at all what they hyped it to be but it is fun. The Cyberware upgrades are lackluster as hell though, especially compared to any of the Deus Ex games.

Anyone who is a RPG fan and thinking about picking this up, don't if that is your main reason. Fallout 4 is more of an RPG then this game will ever be. Speaking of Fallout 4, one of the main complaints I heard about that game is that dialogue choices never mattered in it, well dialogue choices in the FO4 matters a whole bunch more then dialogue choices in this game. Hell, CDProjekt Red even seems to drop the illusion of them mattering pretty early on in the game.

I give this game a half hearted thumbs up. Pick it up on sale.

Edit: With how messed up this latest patch made the cops super agro and broken I have to change my original position and say get it when it is 50 or 70 percent off now.
 

The Quiet Wolf
595 products in account
0
979 people found this review helpful
94 people found this review funny 31

Not Recommended
78.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2021
I don't regret buying this game but I definitely cant recommend it.
 

Wispy
137 products in account
25
577 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
130.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
I enjoyed it, but to release a game in this technical state is simply not acceptable. Buy it on sale in a year when they've fixed it.
 

[צ.ה.ל] Goose
72 products in account
0
222 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
100.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
I’ve been pretty reserved about making comments so far since launch, however I just passed 50 hours of playtime. The more I play, the worse I get. This is truly an amazing experience they could have gave us, but like the corpos in game, CDPR executives and shareholders looked at them and imitated just that. I waited 7 years since the first concept trailer, I didn’t mind the delays. I gladly would have waited till next year to play this in a better state, I recently went thru the carnage of the Dead Matter closed alpha release and as bad as that was, it was like giving the devs for that game more time and money and this is what they would come up with. I truly do love this game, the characters and the atmosphere. I was under the assumption that this would be a total dystopian rpg, I wanted a metal jaw and cyber arms, but all I get is a glowing tattoo and cool hands, oh well, at least I can change the size of V’s ♥♥♥♥. There is zero driving AI, the cops in game are clueless as well. Your choice of background matters ♥♥♥♥ all so far, accounts for about 15 minutes of gameplay then only dialogue choices. No public transportation like trains, as seen in trailers. I was sure to have limited exposure, I watched at most 2 trailers so I wouldn’t overhype myself, but it still let me down. 4/10 game, 12/10 marketing
 

InnaWoos
114 products in account
11
700 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 57

Not Recommended
387.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2021
I have never before encountered a game that was so much less than the sum of its parts. All the pieces are there to craft something truly amazing, but instead they have been slapped together in the basic form of an Ubisoft game and then unleashed upon our hapless world. This is hardly the worst thing to have ever happened. In fact most of the time in the moment I rather enjoy my experience with the game. But every moment you play you will be nagged by this constant feeling like there could be so much more. The ghost of content cut looms heavy upon the experience of playing, lingering on in every nook and cranny. Is it a terrible game? Eh, not really. Is it a terribly disappointing game? Yes. Constantly.
 

Bedllama
99 products in account
0
236 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
82.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 17
The game is fine.... had lots of fun... I Don't get people, when skyrim is full of bugs everybody laughs. When cyberpunk has bugs it's like the end of the world.
 

maheidem
269 products in account
0
2,005 people found this review helpful
769 people found this review funny 241

Recommended
105.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Folks thought this game was going to be Battlefield, Star Citizen, Witcher, and Porn combined. It's not. It's Cyberpunk. Make sure you only expect a dope ass RPG in a fresh setting and you will enjoy the game. If you think the game is going to fix your marriage, see a shrink.
 

SquirrelTeamSix
171 products in account
0
736 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 26

Not Recommended
98.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
This game is SO awesome. Really, it is. I'm in the middle of playing and can't wait to play some more.

That being said, I don't recommend spending 60 bones on this game in the state that it's in. It's too buggy and too unrefined in its gameplay to warrant losing out on a potentially more stable playthrough a few months into the future.

WAIT ON THIS!!!!!!!!

Edit: After 95 hours, and almost 100% world completion, the review above still stands.
 
A developer has responded to this review

garagedoorXL
205 products in account
5
49 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 18
I bought this game to revenge for REBECCA & DAVID.
 

Đông Lào Confirmed
54 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful 7

Recommended
45.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2021
𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙛𝙪𝙩𝙪𝙧𝙚 ~ ^w^
 

fanta
1,431 products in account
0
122 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
this game is ass :-)
 

🥶Anomaly 💲BUYING SKINS💲
155 products in account
0
710 people found this review helpful
78 people found this review funny 77

Recommended
76.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
imperfect perfection
 

AyayaChan
610 products in account
0
657 people found this review helpful
569 people found this review funny 65

Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2021
the woman was naked
 

Construction Guy
71 products in account
0
277 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
58.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 24
Wide as a ocean, deeps as a puddle. Should've been a movie not a game.
 

Sinful🖤Angel
183 products in account
4
212 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
137.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2021
More than half a year has passed since Cyberpunk 2077's release. What we get currently is still not what we were promised in the trailers or by the so-called "influencers". Many statements were simply not true or exaggerations that is far far away from facts. By releasing this game in this state, CDPR basically go the anti-consumer route with full throttle. Unless they pull a NMS maneuver later, you will probably be disappointed by this game at its current state.

So is the game worth the money and the pain? Not really. You could grab it during a huge discount (say 50% or more).
 

Satoverlord
613 products in account
0
330 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 31

Recommended
1,499.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 22
I just realized something. You know how V and Johnny argue less and agree more as the story goes on? Well... thats not something cute and nice. The "purpose" of the relic is to rewrite its users memories and personality so V is just changing his opinion on things based on Johnny's opinions. V didn't like him in the first place, but as they go on, both started to like each other. Why? Not because Johnny is the nice person with positive past. But because he changes V's perspective on things, not entirely and not that willingly tho. Thats not a bonding love story, thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ depressing.
 

unchi
163 products in account
0
177 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
73.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2021
The most deceptively beautiful but shallow game you'll ever play. I enjoyed the visuals and some of the shooting but everything about this game, from the combat mechanics, to the RPG elements, to the story, was a huge letdown, especially when compared the studio behind this game and the hype leading up to its release. Sad to say that I can't recommend.
 

BobbitWormJoe
364 products in account
0
965 people found this review helpful
53 people found this review funny 49

Recommended
174.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2021
I'm gonna be honest, don't buy this when looking for a cyberpunk GTA. Don't by this when looking for a world where you can do whatever you want to roam around the game world. Don't buy this when you're expecting smart AI for the civilians walking around or when getting into shootouts with cops don't expect fair and interesting fights.

However, if you loved the focus Witcher 3 had on stories and side quests, get this game. If you love the world of cyberpunk, get this game. If you can believe and get invested in characters depicted in the most human fashion i've ever seen in a game, get this game. I'm not gonna lie, I really felt a lot of the characters here, i was emotionally invested in a serious manner. Get this game if you want to get invested.

Then of course, I should adress the bugs. To be honest, i've had little trouble with them. Save regularly, which is a standard rule in open worlds. Ensure your drivers are updated. Play around with the graphics settings. And go in with a bit of suspension of disbelief, don't stop paying attention when a little bug occurs in the background.

And finally, enjoy Night City Choom of mine!
 

NoYeoman
110 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
47.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 13
Look, we all know this was controversial when it released (and rightfully so), but going in with low expectations I did have fun playing it. If you can get it on sale at 50% off or better I'd say it's worth picking up, especially if you enjoyed the modern Deus Ex games because this feels a lot like they did imo.

+Great visuals
+Great voice acting
+A lot of high quality side quests and side-questlines
+Good character creator and your character is fairly customizable playstyle-wise
+All dialog is skippable, great if you can be impatient like me
+Decent variety of locales, the outskirts of the city especially bring some nice balance from the neon drenched high rises
+Decent variety of weapons, equipment, clothing etc.

+/-Fairly short main story. My play time on my completed save was on 45 hours and that's with almost all of the side quests done. Personally I'm happy with the length of the game, but I know a lot of people expect games like this to be much longer.
+/-Lots of cars and bikes available for purchase, but no customization options for them

-The skill trees are astonishingly dull. The vast majority of skills are along the lines of 3% damage increase with pistols, 20% more damage with crafted grenades, 10% better sell prices etc
-Driving physics are Sleeping Dogs levels of bad
-Indoor locations for missions are very samey
-There's zero benefit to buying any of the apartments, as far as I could tell
-The character origin you choose at the beginning really only effects the first hour.
 

Kemo
2,133 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
92.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 17
i wish i had a friend like becca
 

TheMainAce
129 products in account
0
1,714 people found this review helpful
88 people found this review funny 65

Not Recommended
122.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2021
the worst part of this game is how you know how good it couldve been
 

Denver
144 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 13

Recommended
353.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Before I state why I'm disappointed, I want to say the game is amazing, and everything has huge potentials to be one hell of a superior crafted game if the coming updates/patches fixes the game, I genuinely love this game but there are too much going on now to recommend it, play the game if you have the ability to tolerate the following and tag along with it:

Tons of wtf kind of bugs. (Lots of clipping, talking dead corpses, etc)
Terrible optimization. (Driving in 3rd person can severely butcher your fps to the half)
Limited Terrible character creation, the only new thing is your "Genitals". (Just plain and simple nothing too deep)
Dumb AI. (reminds me of Fallout 76 enemies)
Too many vague plots. (too many "big names" mentioned with not even a slight hint to who they are, I thought I was kinda crazy and missed something once I got to NC. Seems like I got there and went on a mission with almost no context and was contacted by people that apparently knew my character but have never been introduced. It kinda felt like why is any of this happening and who are these people?)

Highly disappointed, in my opinion a delay could of did this game a huge favor at least it would run better than it does now.
I'm highly not recommending this now, give it sometime till they consider patching the game up, and if you already have it, I recommend playing it a month or a week at least later, simply lower your expectations if you want to play it now, the overhype wasn't all worth it, imho.

This review will change when the game gets fixed and patched up, until then I remain really disappointed.

Peace.

Addition:
Patch 1.04 literally broke my game and I had to download around 40GB again so my game can work, well that was truly upsetting.

Patch 1.05/1.06 Performance issues are still there and you can't have a stable fps when you are driving or in a crowded place in middle of the night city.

As of right now the game is far better to play than how it was in launch, therefore I'd say the game worth playing as of now, with mods to give you more immersion, still the game has lots of bugs around, and needs better AI etc, there are so much work to be done.

However I hope they really make it.
 

Leathium
627 products in account
0
280 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 12

Not Recommended
49.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2021
Shallow.
The bugs aren't the problem, it's the lack of depth.
 

Davedavedave
411 products in account
7
143 people found this review helpful
119 people found this review funny 8

Not Recommended
105.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2021
its fun but i decided to play fallout new vegas because its more stable.
 

Budgett's Frog
225 products in account
0
1,042 people found this review helpful
51 people found this review funny 116

Not Recommended
176.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2020
Apologies for the manifesto that's below.

This is a tough one.

I distinctly remember where I was when Cyberpunk 2077 was announced, all the way back in middle school. And now, it released just before I finished University. To put it simply, CP2077 has been a long time coming.

It has been said countless times before, but I still feel like it's important to be seen: If you have been eating, breathing, drinking, sleeping about CP2077 and took everything CDPR has showed us as gospel, you WILL BE disappointed. If you thought this game was the return of Jesus Christ or the cure for cancer, or that it's release would somehow revert all the misery 2020 seems to infinitely produce, you WILL. BE. DISAPPOINTED. And unfortunately, that is your fault for thinking so.

The game is, with some exceptions of course, a mile wide but an inch deep. It's also great, until it isn't. Allow me to explain that further.

CP2077 tries INCREDIBLY hard to suck you into it's world, and 9 times out of 10 it truly works. In my play time, I have never been so sucked into a fictional world than CP2077. Characters like Jackie or Panam are incredibly fleshed out, their dialogue and scenes with your character are truly some of the best in the industry. In those scenes, i feel like I'm there talking to them, not V. But then, that 1 out of 10 times happen. Perhaps Jackie T-poses during an incredibly inopportune time. Or maybe Panam just decides to venture off to the shadow realm mid-conversation, leaving you talking to yourself. Maybe your car will turn into a submarine if you hit a lamp post and take you under the map at jusssst the right angle. It's these funny to game-breaking bugs and glitches that really take you out of the simulation that CDPR tried so hard at creating, making you remember that this is just a game.

The map is gorgeous. That's undeniable. CDPR put a lot of detail into Night City and its surrounding locales. From the immaculate areas where the rich and corporations are situated to the industrial slums that surround it, all the way to the grimy oil fields and dirty badlands. However, it's just that. There is no depth to the map whatsoever. CDPR tired to counteract this with side missions, gigs, and mini missions dressed up as police dispatches. They even dressed up car purchases as missions to bloat up the map. I managed to complete every mission offered in the game, and I have no compelling reason to return to the game. Sadly, there are not a lot of open buildings you can explore. While the map size is generously large, the map itself is cut up and gerrymandered in such a way that the map size is more of an illusion. For example, the playable area of the district of Pacifica is only half of what the map implies.

As for graphics, I have a modest rig with the exception of a 2080 and everything ran smoothly on high settings. I decided to leave the film grain option on, and while that may be a controversial move, I'm glad I kept it. seeing the grain interact with the night sky and the light pollution remind me of movies like Drive/heat/blade runner, or my old photos on my film camera. Perhaps it's nostalgia talking, but I thought it looked great.

As for the story, I won't reveal much for the sake of people who wish not to be spoiled. The First Act is definitely the most polished, and I wish that it was stretched out. This is not to say that the rest of the plot is trash, but it is noticeable when CDPR heard feedback from some players say that the story for Witcher 3 was too long for them (which I think is crazy, but I digress), they scrambled to trim some fat. I also do wish that the missions that dictate your character (Nomad, Street, Corp) were longer or more important, as at the end of your first mission, V will be identical no matter what life path you chose for the rest of the game. The main Side Missions were all really well executed (most notably Panam, who i'd argue is the most fleshed out character after V and Silverhand). The dialog choices you are presented are more Fallout 4 than Deus Ex.

The music was really well done! The original soundtrack was fantastic, the radio stations were good but could get repetitive. I for one really enjoyed the jazz station for a nice change of pace compared to the other stations that kinda blended into one in my opinion.

Gameplay was fine. I used a controller for a majority of my playthrough and experienced little to no issues with input. Driving was passable, but only just. I swear that the brakes don't work as intended, as I have to brake a football field ahead of a turn. Gunplay was fine, more CoD than a typical RPG (which I'm not complaining about).


---- (The part where I actually say if you should buy the game or not) ----

So, would I recommend the game? That's an incredibly tough question to answer. It's really all in the mindset of who is purchasing the game.

If you are someone who had a calendar date for the game's release, bought merch, and complained that it got delayed multiple times, I would not purchase it. let's be honest here, you already DID buy it.

If you were expecting this game to be such a technological marvel and game changer that Keanu Reeves himself comes out of your monitor and give you a huge kiss on the lips and tuck you into your bed every night, i would not purchase it.

If you were someone who was interested in the game but didn't fall for the hype train, I would wait for this game to go on sale. You are not missing out on anything important.

Personally, I bought this game because I had a Deus Ex itch that needed to be scratched. And it did! it has similarities to Deus Ex, but is also separate enough to be a somewhat fresh breath of air for me. If the Devs at Eidos are peeking around, the level design and story of Mankind Divided/Human Revolution and the control/combat of CP2077 would be fantastic. So if you're in the same boat as I was and craving some more JC or Adam Jensen action, this is the next best thing! But wait for a sale.

If you want to purchase this game, at it's current state, I strongly advise you wait for a decent sale. Only if CDPR make some drastic improvements and quality of life would I recommend this game at full price. It's a shame, as I was excited to play the game, and while I did enjoy my playthrough, I was left with a hallow taste in my mouth. This game needed to have been delayed by a full year at minimum.

I hope this was helpful.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Joe Raiden
40 products in account
57
348 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 27

Not Recommended
201.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
I intentionally did not expose myself to anything about this game until it was released. I heard about the hype and the trailers, etc., but I did not see them. So this means my play-through of this game was completely blind. I had none of the expectations I would have had if I viewed the demo. I waited 5 months after release to finally play it (it had been patched by then). Even I couldn't escape the bad press the game got at launch.

It goes without saying the game still has bugs (like broken quests and NPCs), but aside from that, I got a pretty linear experience with the illusion that you had real choices. Most of the content that mattered had been pretty hard-coded to lead to a singular outcome.

in the beginning the game starts strong, giving you a guided tour of what should've been to come, but then I realized that despite the several skill "trees" the game throws at you, that the combat is really bland. Your stats play some small convenient roles in specific moments of dialog. Beyond that, the combat is a rinse and repeat for every encounter. Worse if you put any sort of passion into netrunning, which quickly sees you bending most of the game's combat over your knee from the seat of your car. (I'm serious)

As the story progressed I was able to sense that "crunch" territory as certain plot devices faded away or were discarded completely in the middle of the game, rendering this an offline MMO shooter with repetitive encounters and quests. Many of my choices were just variables that never truly had an effect on the game world, or the outcome of the story. The best reference you could find regarding what the game should have been like at the very least is Fallout New Vegas, but it didn't even accomplish that.

The game is still full of gamebreaking bugs (I got locked out of my favorite car until I beat the main story, certain quests made hard earned guns disappear, access was blocked to important NPCs, etc.).

The game occasionally neglects to inform you of vital information regarding general gameplay and progression (Spent most of the game lacking certain upgrades and components).
The AI is pretty stupid, failing even to match GTAV.
Combat balance is lopsided and the NPC primarily only responds with general difficulty spikes at certain points.
Car handling is spotty.
The story takes a nose dive and side jobs become poorly written later on.
The endings are all horrible.

Yes I sank 200+ hours into the game and don't intend an hour more. With a relatively linear story, there of course is no replay value. If you can help it, save your money. The controversy surrounding this game's development and release is enough for me to believe CDPR is planning on abandoning it. There have only been a few patches since release, and many bugs still remain.

As always this is just my take on the game, someone else could have a wildly different experience.... somehow.

CDPR should've just released another Witcher 3 DLC instead. After this, I don't want to touch anything they've had their hands on.
 

WaffleButterSoft
249 products in account
0
331 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 25

Not Recommended
111.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2021
"A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad."

-Shigeru Miyamoto
 

Borat
162 products in account
0
94 people found this review helpful 7

Not Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
The game is fantastic, don't get me wrong. But atm there is just way too many bugs for me to justify giving it a thumbs up for now. I do recommend it, but not at this point and time. Wait for some patches. Performance is poopoo. My one major bug that really urks me is this audio bug that makes the sound very staticky. It's very unpleasant. I've seen Npc's T posing and lip movement not syncing with the speaker. Within moments of driving the car, the car swallowed some civilians made me do a barrel roll then get hunted by cops cause I guess I killed them lol. Then later on the car clipped through the floor while driving and I was stuck under the world. And lastly frame droppage! Lots and lots of frame droppage. Esp when out in the open with a lot of people or flashing lights. It's pretty bad.



👍 Cyberpunk 2077... the amount of bugs i've bumped into ;_; 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: ๖Leelah


This game had 9 years in development, 9 years. I know games take time to create, especially one that looks this good. But I expected a better experience. Especially with the multiple delays and all the hype behind it. I came in blind, didn't really watch any gameplay footage, so I didn't really know what to expect. Given the game was insanely over hyped I was expecting to be blown away, but I prepared myself for a potential let down and that's kinda how I'm feeling rn. Overall, it's a fantastic game, and I look forward to when I can play it smoothly but for now I say wait if you're on the fence about getting it. Give it some time. I'll most definitely change this to a positive review when the mentioned bugs are fixed because in the end it is still a pretty amazing game and world. Although, Witcher 3 will always be Number 1 to me.
 

๖Leelah
1,715 products in account
15
165 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 10

Not Recommended
156.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
I think its finally time for me to say my peace on this game. I tried so hard CDPR. I really did, but this game is not good.

First off, lets get the glitches out of the way. This game has way too many of them and even after multiple patches I run into them frequently. Things like not being able to pickup items that you should be able to, cars randomly spawned floating in the air, or the all famous police spawn where they spawn behind you outta nowhere and shoot you. It breaks the immersion, which is a shame, because Night City is beautiful.

Secondly, lets talk about what's good in this game. The scenery, the characters, the story, and quite a lot of the side missions are great. The music is amazing. Sometimes i'd just drive around to listen to that PONPON song (you know the one).

Third, lets talk about what ISNT good. Oh boy. Here we go:
-Going back to the side mission thing, id say its a 50/50 split here. The other 50? B.O.R.I.N.G. These side gigs feel like fetch quests or some really basic ass concept. Go kill this guy. Loot. Sell. Go steal this thing. Loot. Sell. Gig complete, nice job V! Its cool at first, but the tedium sets in quick. Even using the main story as a "break" from the side quests its very easy to get burnt out.

-The combat. Im sorry. I tried many different builds. But they all revolved around one thing mainly - passives, and you know what passive are? Non-engaging. Your katanas bleed enemies, ohp now they restore health when you bleed enemies. Your tech guns charge up more, ohp now they can be held when fully charged instead of firing off. This does not change combat in any meaningful manner. As such, you will find yourself using the same strategies until you have effectively bored yourself to death. You don't suddenly get new combos to pull off flashy moves. You just increase attack speed, etc. Netrunners probably have it the worst, as hacking becomes OP very quickly and youll be itching for a fight when you're clearing an entire camp before setting foot into it. Melee builds are a close second though. At least ranged builds can change their weapons when they get bored.

-Balancing. Dear lord does this one anger me. I need anyone reading this to know something, armor effectively does almost nothing meaningful besides reduce damage A LITTLE BIT. This does not matter if most enemies are downing you in a couple shots anyways. Very Hard mode, if you get the burn debuff on you its pretty much GG, time to quickload. Spamming inhalers on a body build can sometimes not even keep up. Then, all of a sudden ENTER CYBERWARE. Grab legendary Sandevision for a not too high cost and guess what? Everything is now effectively your ♥♥♥♥♥. Whole building full of enemies? Hah. good luck when I can slow time for 16 seconds and one shot everything. Double jump, mantis blades, etc. I found the power balance all over the place.

-AI. There are so many memes about this its pretty great, but not when your someone who wanted to actually like the game. Guy in a wheelchair? Punch him and watch your miracle fists cure him. Park your car in the street? Watch as you cause every car in the area to come to a halt. Save someone from a mugging? Watch them cower in fear and say nothing nor reward you with anything. You see the point. Immersion breaking.

-Crafting. I know the techies here are waiting to jump down my throat about how awesome crafting is and how im missing out. But thats just it, my first build was tech. Even then I didnt craft much. Why? Because a rare recipe requires epic ingredients, an epic recipe requires legendary ingredients. It makes crafting a non-sustainable venture with very little pay off since there is SO MUCH LOOT you will never want for anything. I never got to a point even on Very Hard mode where I felt like crafting was necessary or even worth my time. Never. It CAN be good, but the time investment vs, payoff is atrocious. A melee build simple walks in with their katana, activates Beserk or Sandevision and clears the whole camp in seconds. A techie does something similar but using their superior weaponry to kill enemies fast/shoot through walls. But theres the thing....you had to spend the time to craft and optimize your stuff just to be at the point where you could do what a melee build does with a godamn common rarity katana and a sandevision. Thats stupid and not balanced.

-Customization. This has to be one of if not my biggest gripe. Guys, how in the world did you make this game and then not add the option to change your look or hair IN A SETTING WHERE THAT IS LITERALLY WHAT PEOPLE DO ALL THE TIME. It's baffling. Want to know the kicker? You'll feel compelled to wear new pieces of armor for the better armor rating only to end up with some horrible looking mismatched outfit only to findout the armor doesn't do much as a stat anyways. Hats? Hahaha. They were so lazy, they couldnt get hats to work with any long hairstyle. Instead, your hair *changes* when you change hats. Not even in the same realm as what your original hairstyle is. Have a curly manbun? Watch at that baseball cap magically straightens your hair and makes it lower then shoulder length. It'll still clip through a bit too. In a game about never being satisfied with your body, always seeking the new "chrome" and the new look, the customization is woefully sparse. For reference, GTA 5 has FAR FAR FAR more customization options then Cyberpunk.

Overall, I think the game appeals to certain people but if you are looking for compelling gameplay you better look elsewhere. When combat is 90% of what you do, and it is boring, the strong story, setting and characters just can't pickup the slack. The lack of customization will leave you with a bitter taste in your mouth and the constant immersion breaking AI or bugs will annoy the ♥♥♥♥ out of you. You will likely burnout on this game.

If you do get it, I advise you to focus on completing the main story and picking a non-melee centered build so you can try out all the guns. Do not try to do every assualt, crime, or side gig. Just do them as they appear in your path and don't go out of your way. Once you complete the game, maybe go back and try to do everything but recognize you will likely not as the gameplay will not keep you hooked long enough.
 

DracoRay
220 products in account
0
93 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2021
This is one of those games where a number rating really can't do it justice. On one hand the gameplay (combat, npc behavior, collision, etc), feels unfinished and just generally lacks that level of polish that you'd expect from a AAA game. It's obvious to me that this is the weakest part of the game and I'd give it a 5.5/10. It's not awful, but it's not incredible. On the other hand the world design (graphics, map design, music, ambiance, etc) are on an entirely different level from other AAA games. I'd give it a 9/10 which is a number I'd never give any other game as far as world design goes. If you like getting immersed in your games and like the cyberpunk aesthetic you absolutely NEED to play this game. As far as how I "feel" the game should be rated I think it deserves a 7/10, absolutely incredible in some ways, disappointing in others.

The game may not have lived up to the hype, and certainly didn't come out in a state that I found acceptable, but the foundation is extremely solid. If you are someone like me that find immersion in video games to be very important, this game has it in spades and I'd argue does it far better than just about any other game out there.

The world building in this game is insane. I've never played a game before where I was more interested in exploring the city than I was playing the game itself. I've never seen such a beautiful and detailed city before. It's very apparent while playing this game that the devs have spent a ludicrous amount of time making the city feel as lived in and as believable as possible.

In my time playing this game I developed memories I don't think I'll ever forget, which I can't say for most other games I've played. It just gives off a specific vibe that is not easily put into words. At times it really felt like I had escaped my life and become someone actually living in Night City. The music, the graphics, the characters, the ambiance, the story, and all the tiny details and hidden spots across the entire map.

I wouldn't recommend this game to people at full price but if you like the cyberpunk aesthetic and like getting immersed you owe it to yourself to play this game. I can honestly say this game holds a corner of my heart that no other game that I've ever played has occupied. I can only imagine the kind of masterpiece we'd have on our hands had it stayed in the oven for a while longer.
 

JoJo Uchu
601 products in account
0
100 people found this review helpful
46 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
119.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 1
Man if you played Skyrim on PS3 you've played buggier
 

i am being gangstalked
150 products in account
0
647 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 25

Not Recommended
111.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2021
For anyone looking for an epic open world Sci-fi RPG that supposedly raises the standard for that genre, (what CDPR promised this game to be originally) DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!

I bought this game a week after launch and have played it off and on ever since. The bugs are ever a minor problem at worst and Bethesda level comedy at best. For anyone who avoided or avoids this game for the bugs, the bugs are not the issue with this game, it is the core of the game itself. Put simply, this game is not an RPG and at most has very light and minor RPG elements, including and limited to: Basic starting character appearance customization; One of three starting character paths that effect only the beginning of the game not the main story or who your character actually is; Five core attributes that can be increased through level ups along with different perk "Trees;" One of five endings that you get to choose right before the game ends, nothing done throughout the story effects any ending you pick not even what stats you have; "Branching" dialogue in which every conversation choice has the Fallout 4 problem of all being basically the same option with the same outcome. Nearly all of these features are found in good RPGs except that they are not limited to such a degree as they are in cyberpunk. In actual RPGs character choice and build matters to the core of the game and not on such a surface level as this, not to mention being able to actually choose who and what your character is.

For a game based on a tabletop RPG that already contained plenty to work off of from roles(character classes that provide unique abilities, all missing), lifepath(repurposed into the limited starting 3 role choices in character creation), and character stats(2077 uses 5 basic stats found in nearly any basic game possessing character stats, the tabletop RPG possesses 9 unique stats most of which could have easily been workshopped into this game), the most Cyberpunk 2077 does with what already exists is with its setting. The ONLY two things that are praise worthy for this game are its (badly optimized) visuals and the expansive map, an absolute megastructure of a city with countless areas to explore, just don't expect for the game to lead you to those interesting explorable places.

Conclusion: Cyberpunk 2077 is to RPGs what DOOM is to the field of literature, DOOM is not a very good book, in fact it's not a book at all. The store page and tags for this game are a lie. This game is NOT an RPG and at most is a character action game straight out of Ubisoft's nightmares. It can be fun and enjoyable but only if you understand what you're in for, which is not an RPG experience.

AND GOD THE DRIVING IS SO BAD

Edit: Thanks for the responses and interaction from everyone, especially those who actually read the review and know that the bugs and performance weren't an issue for me. Weren't, past tense. The day before the next gen 1.5 update my game ran perfectly fine but as of now it's practically unplayable. Due to this update my game performance has been completely ruined. The game will run fine for maybe a minute or two but after this brief lull the frame rate completely crashes, making the game totally unplayable. Props to CDPR for at least trying to implement features that should have been in the game from the start but if those implementations completely kill game performance that issue needs to be fixed before being released. (And for anyone who wants to say this might be because of mods, I've not modded Cyberpunk once)
 

ProjectArctic
41 products in account
18
481 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 56

Recommended
48.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Cyberpunk 2077 is not the game that people thought it would be. Which, generally, is a bad thing. I don't like when I'm misled. But was I really? Did CD Projekt Red ever lie about Cyberpunk? I mean, everything that was shown in gameplay footage and media kits was there in the final product. Everything. And this Déjà vu was a lot more frequent than usual because it was still fresh in my memory and the main storyline is rather short, taking me 37 hours of gameplay, along with a couple side missions and gigs. I was counting the days to play Cyberpunk and got extremely pissed when CDPR announced the last delay, because I would probably have to stop my marathon half way through because of Christmas (wouldn't be home). I would have just 10 days to play it, how awful! Can't say I wasn't surprised when I sensed the inevitable approach of the ending, in just 3 or 4 days of intense gameplay. It felt way too short, all things considered, but it felt right. Short games usually leave a bunch of loose ends, this one didn't. Closure, at last.
To sum it up, Cyberpunk could have been much better. It's not that it's bad, but there are so many aspects where they could put some more work in. Things that aren't even complicated or far fetched, generally common in open world games. Night City is massive, very alive, full of NPCs running their daily errands, cars rolling down the many virtual streets, countless high-rises, stores, night clubs, adult playgrounds, pubs, diners. So much yet so little, because there's absolutely nothing to do in the city itself. Wanna go bowling with your cousin? nah. Billiards, perhaps? nope. Poker? I'm afraid not. No side activities whatsoever, other than the ones tied to the main storyline and its hundreds of side missions and gigs. It's like Night City is just the background for the story, living no room for sandboxed experiences that we are so used to in open world games like Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption, Watch Dogs, etc. Then again, I fully understand their reasoning. It's an RPG, which happens to have a living environment as the setting. But there's no denying it would be nice and make things a lot more interesting. The storyline and side missions can only go so far when it comes to retaining attention. I really didn't want it to be one of these games that you finish once and then to the hidden corner of the shelf it goes for the rest of its life. Perhaps I just assumed that because CDPR made something so fantastic out of The Witcher 3, they would pull that off again and surprise us with something out of the ordinary. Turns out Cyberpunk is just ordinary.
People complained The Witcher 3 was too long. CDPR then decided to not make the same mistake again and cut Cyberpunk short. Way too short for my taste, though. The part that mainly stuck out was the one year jump after the intro, showing that cutscene with brief bits of every job the character did in Night City after his arrival (I started as a Nomad). From zero to hero in a few seconds and you do absolutely nothing. Would it hurt to at least let us play through a bit of that struggle? That would have added an extra ten or so hours to the already very short main storyline. It's too fast paced. Not to mention that missions interlace which each other very weirdly, creating strange timelines. Let's say you are supposed to meet with someone in the morning, but instead you decide to meet someone else in the afternoon, and then one day later you meet with that first individual and it's like you never stood him up. I do know that it's a compromise they have to make, but at least make it a little less tied to time. How about "call me when you wanna meet up" or something rather than meet me tomorrow morning when that tomorrow morning could be literally any tomorrow morning. Breaks the immersion. And I won't even mention the times when you are on a mission and then you get a phone call to do something else, and V answers the phone call against your own will and suddenly the voice lines are overlapping each other and your character becomes a professional multitasker. Bet he would make a lot more eddies working at a telemarketing company of some sort. It's not game breaking, but it certainly ruins the experience. Even worse when it happens during critical conversations that could interfere with the direction your story is taking.
Then again, it's their first go on something of that magnitude. It's not easy to build a new graphics engine from scratch, a massive city on top of that, then slap a decent story, character development, all the bells and whistles that gamers enjoy. It's a very hard job and there's a lot of pressure from the corporate (Mr. Silverhand hates them for a reason), media and the general public. They've raised the bar pretty high with The Witcher 3, and people couldn't expect no less from Cyberpunk 2077. And a high bar means making compromises, to avoid biting more than one could chew. It's a rather minimalist game, considering what it could have been. People think too highly of CDPR, and having the public opinion at your side is a double-edged sword: it's all games and fun when things are going great, but oh boy, run to the hills when things go south, ever so slightly.
Cyberpunk is not what we imagined it would be. It has its quirks, bunch of positives like the good storyline, insanely great character development, visuals (the graphics are mind-blowing, and so are the frame drops with RTX on), flawless voice acting, KEANU REEVES, good gameplay mechanics (shooting is so much fun, with M&KB and controller), beautiful environment (one of the most impressive virtual cities I've ever seen). The negatives were all thoroughly described above, with the exception of the performance because it is certainly being worked on by CDPR as I write this review. Masterpiece? nope. GOTY? unlikely. But it's a good game, in its own right. Once one understands that the Cyberpunk we have at home is not the Cyberpunk that we imagined, I fully believe that it's possible to come to terms with it and enjoy the game as it is. A flawed, yet enjoyable, experience. Now, if you excuse me, I have a city to burn (again, for the sake of getting each and every achievement).
 

Araripe
1,671 products in account
131
205 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 18

Recommended
313.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2021
I didn't play this when it first came out; I bought it after the recent 1.3 update after finally finding a new graphics card after nearly a year of waiting (6900xt).

154 hours at the time of this review and I've encountered zero show stopping bugs, whatsoever. Evidently all of the bugs people complained about when it was released last fall are gone, because I haven't found any. I've completed just about every side quest in the game now (got the achievements for clearing several districts of all missions), and no bugs.

So if you were holding off on getting this until it's "fixed"... well, it's pretty definitively fixed now. Highly recommend.
 

[EASY]DeathFromAbove
30 products in account
0
444 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 33

Recommended
75.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2021
Well, in my opinion the game is better than average. It has vast and beautiful open world, with a lot of side missions to do. The storyline is decent, and some of the characters are memorable, especially Johnny Silverhand played by Keanu Reeves.

However, this game is far from being exceptional, and a far cry from what it was promised to be. Night City might be big and open, but there aren't many accessible buildings. The side missions are often repetitive, and provide no satisfaction. The only reason why I was doing them, what btw took me around 50 hours out of my 76 hours gameplay, was to make my character more powerful. However, at the end, there's no reward for that. There are no unique side mission boss fights, where your high level and good weapons could come in handy. Tbh there are not that many main storyline unique boss fights either - only two. You just do side missions for the sake of doing them. The looting system doesn't seem rewarding either. There are no unique weapons or items, same set of guns with a little bit tweaked stats.

Money system is a joke. Side missions often include killing a bunch of people. After such quest you'd think that you're set for life, right? Not really, you only get around 4000 E$ for such mission. Luxury cars cost above 100k E$. I've also seen guns which were like 300k+. So you need to complete around 25-30 side missions, during which you most likely will kill hundreds of people, in order to afford a luxury car. Besides cars, guns and some body modifications, you can't do much with your money. There's no property to buy, no apartment, no business, no side activities (besides sexual encounters with prostitues which always have the same cutscene).

AI in this game is a joke. Police officers can't chase you in cars, so you can drive away for around 200 metres and your wanted level disappear. There's no single mission after which you have to escape the police. Enemies are really stupid. The difference between low difficulty and high difficulty is whether they can one shot you out of nowhere and how many bullets can they swallow before they die. And on the very high level they can swallow a bunch, let me tell you that. For some reason, assault rifles in 2077 have only 20-25 bullets in their clips. At the beginning, in order to kill one regular opponent, it takes roughly about 2 clips. Moreover, despite being able to carry 30 pistols, 10 jackets, 20 pairs of boots, 15 kevlars, your character can only carry 500 bullets for assault rifles and 100 bullets for shotguns. What's the point in finding bullets if you can't keep them? Also, enemies despite shooting you endlessly, they rarely drop bullets, so you often find yourself in a situation where you have no ammo for your guns, and you can't find any even though you just killed 20 people with guns. Obviously, a way to avoid that is to equip yourself with bullets before the mission, but that's really tedious.

The storyline although being captivating, it's extremely simple. It's basically about getting relic chip and then getting rid of it. Branching storyline is a lie, 98% choices you make have to effect on the game whatsoever. The dialogue options give you illusion of choice, but at the end it doesn't really matter what choice you made. Three fractions which you choose at the beginning of the game is yet another lie. The only difference between starting as nomad, corpo and streetkid is the very first mission, and some meaningless dialogue options later on. Doesn't matter which fraction you choose, you always end up playing as a street kid. The main character has no substance, no real goal or agenda, he just copies other people's goals.

The list goes on and on - no trauma team, bad physics, lack of many details etc.

Obviously, there are many bugs as well, but it'd me take hours to list all of them. Honestly, even if the bugs get fixed, there are so many things wrong with this game. In conclusion though - is it a bad game? Not necessarily. The bar in the game industry is lowered by companies such as Ubisoft or EA Games. Cyberpunk devoured around 300 million dollars in production, but at the end of the day, customers pay for it as much as they pay for another Need for Speed or another Far Cry. People got used to the idea that not every game has to be up to par with such titles as Grand Theft Auto or Red Dead Redemption. I don't regret buying Cyberpunk, since I had a lot of fun with it. However, it's a shame that the game that supposed to be the game of century, turned out to be such a sham. I believe if all of the promises, the developer made during their marketing campaign, were fulfilled, this really could be a game of this century. However, money got the best of CD Project Red.
 

"uszy #trading
89 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
74.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 23
Game Version: Update 1.5 + the 10 Gb Post Update
Average FPS: 61 (AMD FSR 1.0 Ultra High + Sharpening)
Unsolvable bugs: None
Encountered bugs: 10 to 15
System: W11 Home, all drivers updated.
Difficulty: Hard

Before I begin, I need to say whoever decided to release this game when it was broken at the first place, deserves a jail time (clearly a joke). This updated version of the game itself should be the one was released year ago. One year wasted to fix it. Can't imagine what could they've been accomplished during that time. How many DLCs could've been released? But no. Their ego and "money hungry" kicked in and they disrespected all the immense effort their innocent team put while making Cyberpunk 2077.

Game is good. Solid Cyberpunk experience. Characters are cool. World is alive. Tons of side missions, many of them are so unique, i would like to congragulate the person responsible for the creation of them. Missions introduce us many original characters which all are fun to do stuff with. Main story could've been better and those endings were "meeh" at best.

Graphics are great. Event with the AMD FSR i haven't seen a huge loss of quality compared to the FPS gain. I wish i had a powerful GPU can set Ultra-Psycho at 1440p and play but sometimes you just gotta be content with what you have. RX590 still rocks.

I played C77 after "Outer Worlds". Which was a dialogue heavy RPG game. So compared to it, dialogue options are not good. But yet, still OK. You kinda hope for more detailed variety of options but as i said, they released it so early and unfinished, they couldn't have the time of polishing it.

Gameplay wise, a Katana-Samurai build was my decision. Close combat, chopping arms and heads like a butter. It was so fun and enganing to play. But again, why there is no reset attributes option, (there was a perk one only). 70+ hours with the same build could be boring sometimes. I'm a type of player who likes to try new builds, weapons, gameplay types... I was in between deciding whether to play "Netrunner" or "Katana" before the game. Now i need to spend another 70 hours to see the how Netrunner build works? For the game i almost 100 percent completed? Naah. Nope. Bad call CDPR.

Musical theme of C77 fits the worlds. Nothing mind-blowing but OK. Some decent songs there. Effects are nice.

Variety of items, cars, houses, upgrade options, armors, weapons are so detailed and so plentiful, i can say it's one of the strong sides of C77. Gives you the options of approaching enemies in many ways. Smart weapons that can target automatically, revolvers and sniper rifles that can one shot heads, shotguns can knock cars down... Mantis blades.... Cyberwares to upgrade your body and the most importanly... "Fashion". Yes! As a fan of Fashion Souls genre, i love to dress up nicely. Collecting armors and clothes that fit my build is one of the many things i enjoy playing RPG or Soulslike games. And again. Cyberpunk does the trick. Perfectly.

So. The BUGS. I think this game had 5-6 huge updates to make it playable at least. And i can say after the 1.5 update, game itself is very playable. The bugs and glitches i faced were nothing unsolvable.

- 2 times my characters and world goes pitch black. Solved it by returning to last WHQL AMD driver.
- Few times missions stuck. But quick load to another save solved it.
- 2-3 times NPCs stopped talking but subtitle didn't.
- One time my car exploded for no reason.
- And few crashes at start by skipping intro so fast. Just wait a little before pressing the button.

I mean for a game that was totally unplayable before, these can be seen as a small bugs. To consider I'm on Windows 11, another buggy software, i think i can easily say game runs fine.

C77 is now at the "ZERO state". It was like minus 100 before. So i hope CDPR team can keep work on it to add more content while solving those little bugs and performance issues left.

My last words, I feel really sorry that huge potential of the game and many people's efforts wasted with bad call of a early launch. This is a solid, enjoyable game and i recommend people playing it.

Side note: Turkish subtitles are so localized and on point. Loved it. Many thanks.
 

Sadaharu_TR
442 products in account
4
248 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 15

Recommended
144.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2020
Cyberpunk 2077 surely didn’t turn out to be „the best game ever made” like some expected, and it really doesn’t have to.
Instead it turned out to be an amazing open world game, with a large game world, lots of variety, an most of all, a great story full of amazing NPC’s you learn to love….or hate.

Especially the world building got me hooked, it feels all so organic and natural and not just like another future Sci-Fi Metropolis. Night City feels alive, something is happening everywhere. May it be the usual traffic/NPC’s on their way around the city (which also changes with the time of day), to little shops on the site of the street or markets between the Skyscraper gorges, NPC’s talking to each other and and and. CDPR did a fantastic job there, Night City gives you a great feeling of being at a real place.

I, of course, don’t want to spoil anything story wise and I’m not done with the Main Story Quest(s) but so far, I really enjoy it, it's well paced, the Character design of the people you meet is great and they are diverse, you feel for them and slowly can understand them and what drives them, how you react to that is obviously on you.

Even the side missions are worth doing besides their rewards, many tell their own little interesting stories or even develop into entire quest chains.

I don’t want to do a deep dive on the skill system but there is enough freedom to play as you like, from not killing anyone and being sneaky. Over solving most issues with hacking to be a full melee Rambo that hacks their enemies into pieces with heavy weapons and Melee weapons.

And yes, BUGS there are still a ton of them on the game, from rather annoying to very obnoxious at times. I thankfully only got one where I got stuck, and it forced me to complete a mission in another manner than I wanted to. But then all went fine.
But every other one I encountered was easily solved, with saving, going to the main menu and loading back in.

But even with the bugs, on which CDPR is hard working to fix from how it looks. The overall experience is just too good to pass on.
 

Miss Luny
8,062 products in account
22
183 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
Everything is awesome. Not really sure, why its so boring to me. Maybe because it doesn't feel like I have any agency in an open-world rpg. Everything feels so pre-determined. Maybe I am just getting old and fed up with constant cutscenes and Questmarker-farming.
 

Bowerick
326 products in account
0
1,315 people found this review helpful
1,869 people found this review funny 150

Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2021
Cyberpunk 77 is obviously a sequel to fallout 76.
 

bitch
11 products in account
0
1,108 people found this review helpful
1,495 people found this review funny 131

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
There is a game in the bug
 

RusherK
266 products in account
3
440 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 34

Recommended
231.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Loving the game! Enjoying the hell out of the characters and storyline especially, but all the side quests and easter egg extras for exploring are just icing on the cake. A few bugs yes, but nothing even close to game breaking and no performance issues/crashes at all, not even one. Only real thing that gets a red mark next to it for me is the vehicles. Controls are pretty shabby and make driving pretty much a nuh uh for me, but they're pretty much the same as in Borderlands 2. So for the most part I just quick travel or travel on foot while I explore everything that Night City has to offer I mean it is 2077 after all, cars are so last century! It's affected a few quests but isn't a deal breaker for me, not even remotely. I avoid cars in most games cos only thing I'm good at is smashing them into walls :)

Solid 9/10 hands down. As for the soundtrack...turn it up, LOUD! I'm finding the more I play this the more I love it. I'm already excited about running my next playthrough.
 

Grumpette
2,942 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
168.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 12
PROS:
+ fantastic story
+ fun combat
+ a ton of replayability
+ great soundtrack
+ lots of customization (weapons, clothes, cyber-ware)
+ great lore / world building

CONS:
- some bugs & glitches remain post patch 1.5
- skill/perk imbalance
- main story line is a bit shorter
- lots of cut content

Comment:
The game is infamous for an objectively awful launch after many years of hype and promises. Thing is, had they left many promises out, the game would have been received better and maybe they would have enough time to Polish it before launch (pun intended). Finishing up in 'rona lock-down times didn't help either. This is apparent by patch 1.5 which fixed a HUGE amount of problems this game had. But coming 15 months after launch already had lots of people lose interest. I pre-ordered the game but after reading about the launch didn't touch it until April of 2022. And I am SO glad I did. I will go right ahead and mention the strongest part of CP2077 - the story telling. Most dialogues are really good, and make you realize how most other RPGs have "robots" talking to each other in stare-downs. There is just something more organic here, and while not perfect, it flows nicely. The characters often start as your standard stereotypes but get more interesting as you learn their stories and motives. And, by the end, you will be left with many memorable moments etched in your brain by a superb soundtrack. Then we have the gameplay and all you really need to know is that it's FUN. There's a big bunch of side stuff but not once did I want it to be over with already. And the variety here is cool - stealth is just as useful as full sprint combat, and while a couple of missions prefer you to go in quiet, most leave it up to you entirely. So much replayablity presents itself here that everyone can find something that's fun for them. For weapon there are three main types of guns - power (standard ricochet bullets), tech (wall hack laser slugs) and smart (auto-targeting missiles). Honestly, they all feel great and it's up to you to pick your favourite (mine were tech pistols, Burya FTW!). Melee can feel clunky at start, especially hand-to-hand combat. But once you get used to the camera-to-enemy distance it's actually pretty strong and viable. There is an abundance of pistols and katanas so it's easy to guess what the devs aimed for the most. The other stuff is just as great though, albeit less varied. Third type of "weapons" are cyberdecks, which let you hack your enemies or their surroundings. Eventually, you can walk into a room full of enemies and kill them all by just looking at them. The skill tree and crafting complement this gameplay but you can beat the game without checking out either. Probably a good thing because the balance between them isn't that great (some are meh, some too OP). They are there to just enhance the experience but in the end it's all up to how YOU move and aim. The variations are crazy and I didn't even mention all the other gadgets you can use. It is very rare for a game to engage me so much that I think of what's the next playthrough going to be like while still in the "prologue". And even more rare to have that momentary feeling of "what do I do with my life now..." after finishing the main story line. You might not want to support CDPR with the full cost for all the things wrong at launch ... but I'd say at half off most people will not feel like a gonk by getting this game. Recommended, my choombas!
------------------------------------------------------------------
If you liked this review you can find more on the Curator page or in my Review Corner.
 

Artibius
619 products in account
0
183 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
73.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2021
Cyberpunk 2077 was supposed to be one of the greatest games of this generation. Unfortunately, it's not. After 8 years of hype, 3 delays, and 64,348 promises, Cyberpunk 2077 was released on December 10, 2020. Set in Night City, in a dystopian future, you play as V, a mercenary trying to find the Relic to everlasting life. The story actually has nothing to do with everlasting life, but that's how it was advertised. Anyway, here's the review.

We'll start with the setting. Night City is stellar. It's lit up and actually looks like something you would expect from a Cyberpunk genre game. There's all sorts of things happening around every corner, from gang shootouts, to random guys on the side of the street playing guitar for money, to medic units tending to people. The world has a sort of intrigue about it that isn't matched with other open world games. Night City is very dense and vertical. There's constantly some kind of crime that needs solved or some random quest to be done, that range from funny Easter Eggs to full blown story lines. Being in Night City and admiring the detail that went in to crafting the world is really one of the high points of Cyberpunk.

The role-playing elements of Cyberpunk 2077 are present, but not to the same degree as CDPR's Witcher 3. A lot of illusion of choice is implemented. The life paths advertised over the last few years amount to nothing more than a 30 minute intro of dialogue that gives you a few dialogue choices to use later in game to give you an advantage. What's upsetting about it, is that the life paths actually start off really good, and they're all so different from one another, but to have them end so abruptly was really a disappointment. Clothes are strictly based on stats, so you'll either play 'Style over Substance' or 'Substance over Style'. Doesn't make much sense when a hazmat suit has more armour protection then actual combat armour. So yeah, no transmog apparel options here. In a game that emphasizes how important looks are, it would have been nice to be able to get a haircut or a new earring. However, missions can be approached in several different ways, as advertised. Guns blazing? Sure, go for it. Wanna throw poison knives at enemies from a distance? That's fine too. Not to say choices aren't present, because they are. There's not just as many as you would expect from this particular game.

The gameplay in Cyberpunk is completely busted, and that's mostly excluding bugs. With bugs, it takes over New Vegas as the king of busted ass games. The gunplay is good. It's tight, it's fun, and it feels good to use as a whole. The melee combat, not so much. It's floaty, and in general, melee in first person rarely works out well anyways. Driving in high populated areas is almost impossible to do. The mini map is so small, it's infuriating when trying to judge a turn, so get ready to wreck. A lot. For driving, I recommend driving motorcycles. The bugs are everywhere. This game is literally a cockroach infestation of bugs and glitches. NPC's take cover for absolutely no reason, they'll stare at you when you pull a gun on them, the AI for driving (and pretty much everything else) is non existent, textures won't render properly, cars randomly get launched in the air, sometimes the radio stops working, and sometimes V stops working. There'll be times when you get into a car, go to accelerate, and V steps out. For no reason. And don't get me started on the cops. The AI system of the police are the worst I've ever seen in a video game. If you commit a crime, 5 cops will spawn on your ass and wreck you. And all you have to do to get away, is get in your car and drive down the road. 2001's Grand Theft Auto III had a better police system. That was 20 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ years ago. Lastly, there's missing content all over. No bribery system within the police, 2 police chases in the whole game (and they were scripted), no train station, no way for V to have multiple apartments, and as mentioned before, the life paths are meaningless. And the sad thing about this, is that for as good of a setting as Night City is, these bugs rip you completely out of any immersion that you might experience. But despite all of that, when Cyberpunk works, it's fun. A blast really.

The graphics in Cyberpunk are solid if you're able to max them out. It really shines in the neon lit areas with water reflections and ray tracing. But most people can't run the game at its highest potential without sacrificing a decent amount of frames.

The saving grace for Cyberpunk 2077 is the stories it tells and the characters you meet. The main story is great, but in this rare instance, the side quests and random encounters and stories you'll find in Night City are better. I didn't meet a single character who felt out of place or wasn't intriguing in some way. CDPR really nailed the writing in this game. The voice acting and the fleshed out characters all make the world feel that much more alive. And yes, even Keanu did a great job as Johnny Silverhand. Perhaps one of his best roles, even though he's the weakest voice actor in the game. Cyberpunk's stories and quests will give you so much background and lore on Night City, and the writing will keep you coming back to see what happens next. Truly a fantastic job in this sense of the game.

Cyberpunk 2077 is a good game. Sometimes great. When it works. It's not the huge blockbuster game we expected, but it's still a really good game. And that's what sucks about the bad rep it gets. Within the disastrous launch, the class action lawsuits, the Cyberpunk special edition Playstation 4's and Xbox One's that blew up trying to run the title screen, and the bugs, there really is a good game here. A great game sometimes. But when fans of the gaming industry and a gaming company spend 8 years building a game up to unreachable heights, a great game becomes a good one. And a good one becomes an average one. I believe the game will be fixed in time, but Cyberpunk 2077 could never reach the level of expectations that everyone set for it.

Setting: 19/20

RPG Mechanics: 15/20

Gameplay: 12/20

Graphics: 18/20

Main Story/Side Quests: 19/20

Final Score: 83/100
 

TheDawg
186 products in account
5
1,001 people found this review helpful
156 people found this review funny 43

Not Recommended
108.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2021
I don't regret buying the game, I just regret paying full price for it
 

zituletz
990 products in account
48
46 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
550.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2021
So this is basically Fallout 76.

Both got a world that was nuked.
Both got stupid AI.
Both got all kinds of bugs.
Both got unfulfilled promises.
Both got a PR team that make things worse.

BUT, 2077 got Keanu Reeves so 11/10 best game ever.
 

_K4ta ⭕⃤
202 products in account
0
2,075 people found this review helpful
66 people found this review funny 205

Not Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
To my fellow RPG lovers out there, this is not the game for us. Please read this and don't make the mistake I made.

This review isn't about technical issues -- the game runs great on my PC. No crashes. I've only seen a few instances of clipping. This review also isn't about the undeveloped (nonexistent) driving AI. This isn't about the flawed stealth gameplay or the spongey enemies that absorb clip after clip of ammunition. I honestly can overlook those issues.

This game is DEFINITELY NOT an RPG. I didn't follow the development of this game as closely as others. Apparently, they changed the marketing in the 11th hour and this game is now officially considered an Action/Adventure game. Dialogue options are severely limited, character customization is nonexistent, vehicle customization is nonexistent, the prologue/backstory options are SO rushed and (so far) mean nothing.

My biggest issue is that there's no sense of natural progression. Think of how any great RPG starts: you begin as a prisoner in a jail cell; you take your first blind steps out of the vault; your crew abandons you and you're forced to strike out on your own. In other words, you start with nothing and you're forced to (re)build your life. You build connections with people and places slowly. You begin to understand the world and you put the pieces together.

Cyberpunk couldn't be more disappointing in this regard. I chose the Nomad start because I wanted to approach the city from the outside. I hope this isn't a spoiler -- it's something I would want to know before buying this game -- but there's a montage about 25 minutes into the game that just flat-out shows V developing a relationship with another key character. This montage transports you from the desert to the heart of the city. It sets you up with a place to live and a core group of people to interact with. It establishes you. Why? That's why I'm playing the game -- I want to do all that stuff myself!

Also, after you finish Act 1 and the Interlude, side quests just fly at you from out of nowhere. I couldn't understand why all these random cops, corpos, and gang leaders trust me and are trying to give me jobs when my Streetcred is so low. You are constantly bombarded with text messages and phone calls from people who should want nothing to do with you. Again, there's no sense of progression. The game fast-forwards you through the most meaningful part of an RPG and then makes SO MUCH available to you without having to earn it through gameplay and character development.

On top of all of this the main quest is SO URGENT. If I'm actually trying to roleplay as V then the only quests I would complete are the main quests. This is an issue that plagues many RPGs, but Cyberpunk might be the worst case of it.

I'm not one of the ultra-hyped and ultra-disappointed people who are devastated by the state of this game. I'm certainly dissappointed, but mostly I just want RPG lovers to know that this game is so far off the mark. Play it as a scripted Action/Adventure game and you might enjoy it.
 

priams_pajamas
92 products in account
151
132 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 29

Not Recommended
119.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2020
Preface: Regardless of my thoughts on this game, at the time of writing, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone in its current stage. Say what you will about the higher ups forcing the developers to launch the game earlier than needed, but the fact that a very buggy (even sometimes broken) video game is being sold at full AAA price is not something I can ever recommend.

The Review
In a year that at best can only be described as terrible, casual and hardcore gaming enthusiasts had one last hope to turn the year on its head, Cyberpunk 2077. That's not to say that 2020 has been a bad year for video games, in fact I would say the opposite. 2020 has been an amazing year for video games, however, at a time as listless as this, everyone was hoping that Cyberpunk 2077 would be the sweet Cherry on top of a mountain of great experiences.

Sadly, reality is often disappointing. Now, Cyberpunk 2077 is not a bad game, actually, it is quite a good game. However, the game does more than just fail to live up to the insurmountable hype, I think we all knew it wouldn't. No, Cyberpunk is disappointing because it is, in all senses of the word, a misleading game. Earlier in the year, The Last of Us 2, among its many criticisms, was heavily criticized by fans for its 'misleading' marketing. Well, I have yet to play The Last of Us, but I feel as though in the face of Cyberpunk 2077, they should find a better word, because Cyberpunk's marketing was an outright lie.


The Story: 7/10
The Story follows the lone mercenary V who, through unfortunate circumstances, is placed on a path woven in betrayal, suffering and bloodshed, all while they try to become a legend of Night City. Overall, the story is intriguing and self-contained, with well-thought out twists and turns that ultimately make for a solid experience. However, there are a couple faults worth mentioning. Firstly, the lifepaths may as well not be a part of the game, holding nearly no relevance to the story aside from the occasional piece of dialogue, most of which have no real effect on the world around you. Secondly, your entire character's backstory is rushed within the space of a 60 second montage that does nothing for the character and voids any chance to truly understand who your character is. Thirdly, the decisions you make in the game have little to no effect, save for one decision which decides the ending you get. Finally, the story does not live up to the world it tries to build. Despite how often the story builds up the hierarchy and functioning of Night City as a city controlled by corporations, their presence is rarely ever felt, and your actions never really seem to have an impact on that society as a whole, at least not until the very end.

Gameplay: 6/10
Save for the surprisingly solid melee combat, Cyberpunk 2077 has some of the most stiff and underwhelming gameplay I have ever experienced in a First-Person Shooter. Some Guns are fun, others you never use. While some guns just make all the other negligible all together which kind of defeats the purpose of an RPG. Seriously, it's just about which weapons have the highest DPS. The Quickhacking is actually really well-done but very uncreative and ultimately boils down to how long can I get the enemy to stand still, with very little innovation in environment hacking.

Overall, the gameplay was decent, but could have been a lot better.


Side Missions: 8/10
This is where the game truly shines. The big side missions secondary to the overarching plot are some of the best I've experienced in a video game. They enhance the story by adding more layers to the world as well as the characters you explore it with. So you may be wondering, why only give it an 8 when I've praised it so much? Because, of the dozens and dozens of side missions, only about 10% are actually worth doing. 90% of them are just repetitive and uninteresting Gigs and NCPD missions that involve going to one place, shooting a few people, maybe get a decent crafting recipe, done. The problem isn't that these missions exist, its that there is so f****** many of them.

Characters: 6/10
Honestly, most of the characters were incredibly solid. Johnny Silverhand is an absolute blast, and well, it's Keanu Reeves. River is a joy, Judy is spectacular, Kerry is fun, and Takemura is an absolute bro. So why such a low score? I have two main complaints. Firstly, the Antagonist faction Arasaka, led by Yorinobu, is the most underwhelming, and downright lame antagonist I've seen in a while. Sure he isn't the story's main focus, but considering certain aspects of the game are heavily involved with his faction, I was expecting a whole lot more other than the ramblings of a dead man. Secondly, V, the protagonist of the whole game, is the most inconsistent protagonist I've played in a while. His reason for living may be that of a simple man, but it is very shallow and set in stone, no lifepath or choice changes who V is, and unfortunately that hurts the game more than anything.


Audio Design: 9/10
Not much to say. The audio was extremely crisp, and elevated the mediocre gameplay to be decently entertaining. And most importantly, it nailed the Cyberpunk feeling that the game needed.

Soundtrack: 8/10
The Soundtrack of this game is downright awesome. Chippin' In in particular just makes the soundtrack for me by itself. The reason it only gets an 8 however is that you rarely actually get a chance to experience said soundtrack.

The World of Night City: 4/10
All Style, No Substance. I would have only given this category a 5 or a 6, but the problem is that we were lied to. CD Projekt Red marketed a truly immersive experience in a once in a lifetime open world. What we got was comparable to Ubisoft's worst open worlds and barer than GTA Online was when it was first made available. 90% of the vendors are absolutely garbage. 95% of the buildings have no real intrigue and the ones that do are very borderline and provide no real value outside of missions. The Police and Wanted System is broken and not fun in the slightest. where either you fight the cops and get shredded, or flee and lose them in seconds. The Driving is so mediocre it could give the first Watch Dogs a run for its money. The only thing the city has going for it is the spectacular visuals.

Visuals/Graphics: 9/10 (Non-RTX)
Absolutely stunning, but in some instances the loading can make it look a little off. I loved the look and feel of every weapon, crevice and building in Night City. I'd go as far as to say that if I had an RTX card, I'd give Visuals a 10.

Optimization: 4/10
Everyone's said it already so all I'll say is that there is no way that a 1080 Ti should have this much issue running a game like this. It's unacceptable. My framerate generally steadies at 60 even on Ultra but the frequent dips, are incredibly annoying, and driving... Jesus the frame drops while driving.


Final Score & Recommendation: 7/10
Cyberpunk 2077 is a good game and I definitely enjoyed playing it. But even if this was a perfectly optimized game, it would probably only be worth 7.5. Is that a bad thing? Not in the slightest, I had fun and that is what matters. The problem is that this game was marketed to be so much better. It's one thing to not meet expectations, and an entirely different thing to fail to deliver on what they actually promise will be in the game.

Recommendation: Firstly, wait till the game is fixed of its bugs and performance issues. Secondly, I would only recommend buying this game on a sale of at least 20% off. The game is not worthy of its buying price, very few AAA games are and CDPR does not get to be an exception.

Final Remark: Honestly, the tragedy of this isn't that the developers failed to deliver on the hype, it's that the higher ups never gave them a chance to.
 

Br3akn3ck
239 products in account
8
865 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 10

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
I MEET/EXCEED THE RECOMMENDED SPECS AND EVERYTHING IS UPDATED

Okay so I really loved the gameplay and the characters
I got attached to my V

But
oh my god the performance is not optimised at all
and there are bugs

within my first 30minutes I had people doing t poses, sliding across the road, mouths not moving while they talk, or just straight up popping into existence. Wait until they patch it a bit
 
A developer has responded to this review

Strawberry Vampire
332 products in account
146
42 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
63.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Gotta switch from positive to negative. They lied more than ubi and ea combined.
 

N0xEterniS
909 products in account
4
157 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
375.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 3
CA CAN YOU FEEEEL IT?!
 

~☢️SILVERHAND☢️~
59 products in account
2
30 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Crossing my fingers for those who are still waiting for the patch to unpatch.

I'll see the rest in night city!
 

Press start to begin
6,387 products in account
1
3,616 people found this review helpful
156 people found this review funny 114

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Edit Jan 2022: I've put about a dozen hours into this on another platform after picking the game up for $20. The game is MUCH more stable than it used to be. That said, I've had three crashes to desktop within those 12 hours. I'm really enjoying my time with the game, but given those crashes and glitches, I would have been miffed if I'd paid full price.

----------------------------------

Original Review:

I'm really looking forward to playing this game once the bugs are addressed. But the bugs even in the initial hour are substantial: character glitches, crashes to desktop, sound compression issues, and more.

I've loved CD Projekt's prior work and can't wait to play this game once it's complete. This is going to be such a tasty cake once it's done. But it's undercooked right now. Put it back in the oven for a few months, and I'll be here once it's done.

I wish the team the best of luck in the meantime, and can't wait to return to this world.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Doc Kirzner
1,610 products in account
0
819 people found this review helpful
72 people found this review funny 85

Recommended
102.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2020
While everyone and their mom's are raging with foaming mouths over even the smallest gameplay dents i was busy with :

- talked an autonomous car out of committing suicide
- laid down on a bed with an escort which suddenly gives the most poetic speech about life & death
- Investigated the sick mind of a child murderer
- been part of a smashing rock concert

all that and so much more. I had a really great time playing this game.

It's definitely not free of bugs and weird encounters. For a release title of this magnitude though i believe it's absolutely acceptable.
Cherry on top, probably one of the best looking Games on PC these days.
 

CruisefiX
190 products in account
27
96 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
47.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 10
First off I would like to say, there are good things about this game. Characters, story segments, a lot of side quests, world design and level design are sometimes absolutely stunning and really make you feel like you're in a truly unique imagining of the future. However, without rehashing the same BS you hear from every other review about bugs and unpolished gameplay, I would like to take a moment to talk about what really makes this game faulter. The main character.
The muddled personality of the main character drags this story DOWN from very good 8/10 to like a 6/10. The devs couldn't decide whether or not to have a Geralt from Witcher 3 style character where you play through him, or have your own guy or gal to rp through. Throughout the game it constantly flip flops between these two ideas starting with the pathway selection(which mean nothing to the progression of your story). You get to decide your characters background which IN THEORY is a cool idea (make your character have his own story beforehand sort of thing) but what actually happens is you are thrust into an alien environment that uses your select story as a excuse not to explain everything at first. (similar to how Geralt and other witcher characters aren't really introduced or explained in witcher 3, but at least they had previous stories to go on.) After the first ten hours of partial confusion wear off and you become familiar with everything other issues arise with main character dialogue. Whenever you are in a convo you are either the character V, the sarcastic bastard who is cynical and slick OR you are John doe who says inoffensive character-dead repeats of what you were just told. It never feels like you truly are yourself/own character or V though as similar to Geralt in witcher 3, whatever dialogue option you pick is going to come out slightly different, which makes is hard as hell to "roleplay". On top of this certain dialogue choices feel unfair when presented to you as your character disconnect makes it harder to determine whether or not you are going to come off in the right tone or with the right cadence in conversation. It makes dialogue feel almost "minefield-ish" at points especially since making critical decisions can get lost the mire of conversation. Idk, if CD PROJEKT RED ever decide to do something like this again they need to make sure their main character is either a clean slate nobody or a already determined protagonist, no more half baked crap.
Along with this nearly every system in the game is slightly broken causing for your immersion to shatter every other second. Driving sucks, gunplay sucks, stealth sucks with how jank and unwieldy enemy AI can be, conversations can suck with first person perspective cutscenes making dialogue feel awkward and strange, the open world partially sucks( feels dense until you explore for like 3 seconds and realize its not) and obviously the bugs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ terrible. It all serves to break your immersion as you constantly realize your just playing a buggy tech demo-esk mess.


PS I NEVER PLAYED THIS ON LAUNCH I PLAYED THIS OVER A YEAR AND A HALF LATER, THIS WAS MY EXPERIENCE. ALSO I DON'T REALLY WRITE REVIEWS LMAO.

 

Sparkstone
158 products in account
0
5,361 people found this review helpful
193 people found this review funny 632

Not Recommended
52.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
Game is bare bones and LOTS of stuff is missing.

I played alot buggy games during launch so I'm pretty used to this. Not trying to point out optimization but missing basic gameplay features.

Edit: Appreciate the support but after reading some comments I feel like people got the wrong context here. I didn't had any "high expectations" to begin with. Just wanted simple open world game with little details mentioned below and these should've been present on release. This makes the game much more immersive and adds replayability. What makes Cyberpunk stand out compared to other AAA titles? Currently not much considering the budget.

- In character creation there are premade presets meaning no height, weight, muscle mass, etc.
- Very limited options for some of the character creation features (hair color, tattoos, skin complexion, scars, etc).
- No Vehicle customization even though vehicles look sick in this game.
- Lack of weapon customization. There are few mods to select. But can't customize them like fallout or metro series.
- No transmog feature "yet"
- No garages. Can't store your vehicles.
- Crowds barely react and have no awareness to the game world. Expected to antagonize them like RDR2.
- Very few interactive NPCs outside of missions with meaningful dialogue. Can't hangout with friends you meet later via storymode.
- Lack of non-action oriented stories and quests about meaningful themes of cyberpunk distopia.
- Weapon mods and skill trees largely irrelevant outside of marginal and mostly numerical improvements to combat.
- Lack of gameplay events in the world. Random cop car chases, bank robberies, etc.
- Unable to customize character once you're in night city. No barbershops, plastic surgeon, etc.
- No ownership of items. No karma for robbing poor NPCs.
- No prison or lasting crime system. The NPCs in game have bounty rewards on them but V doesn't.
-Cant use braindances other than scripted missions (I was surprised cause l like the investigation aspect), and do other common activities regular NPCs do all the time.
- This one is pretty bad. Wanted system is a joke. The cops literally spawn near you. There's no AI car chases like GTA which is weird for an open world game.
- Cybernetics lack variety in meaningful choices that alter gameplay. They have lots of stats to choose in melee but melee combat animations doesn't feel satisfying. Deus Ex has far more impactful mods that actually change the way you approach combat.
- The lifepaths are cut content and extremely short. They have little impact other than dialogue choices. V is essentially the same character regardless of past.
- The traffic AI is really poor. Once you park your car the AI just waits there without even trying to overtake and also often roadblocks itself.
- Trains seems like another cut content. Even though the whole infrastructure is visible.
- The world visually looks really good but interaction is quite minimal. Among items that should be interactive: smartphones, taxi, most merchant stalls.. (can't even have a meal there), arcade games and pachinko.
- No reliable cover system. You just crouch behind a wall.
- This one is critical. Loot system overdone, invasive and distracting. Except to have atleast 200 meds which make the fights easy. You are constantly showered with redundant and marginally better items and have no attachment whatsoever with your fashion and weapon choices. This also means you can totally ignore crafting items.. you can just loot for better gear.
- Enemies are too spongy. Feels like futuristic division overall again. But if you make a proper build they will die fast.
- Robotics and drone control largely absent (outside of scripted missions). Was atleast excepting a personal drone or flatbot which is shown in game.

Edit: Game does have potential but it clearly needed more time and they couldn't delay further because of the promises they kept. I'm sure CDPR will take this as criticism and improve their game with upcoming patches. I'll gladly change my review after that.
 

../../⁧⁧Kyshion
109 products in account
330
5,759 people found this review helpful
548 people found this review funny 255

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
The graphics settings do basically nothing, you need the best hardware for this game or you simply cannot play at a decent framerate. The recommended specs are an outright lie.
 

GametraiN
172 products in account
0
188 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
40.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Update After ~12 more Hours:

Liking the game more after 12 more hours, the hacking is a really neat system that I'm enjoying a lot.

To add for people saying the bugs I stated were immersion breaking: They happen extremely infrequently. I've seen one floating NPC in my 16.3 hours, and I believe 3 NPCs clipping through something out of the thousands you pass in the streets.

Are they annoying? I guess, if you're going to stare at them and post them on social media. Otherwise you can just move on and forget about it.

The only other bugs I've run into since were one quest I completed didn't actually complete, but after I quit and loaded back in later, it completed. Then I crashed on the motorcycle, flew 100 feet in the air, landed and died and had to reload.

ORIGINAL REVIEW
_______

I'll put this review in now and update as I get farther through the game.

So far I'd really just say it's another open world RPG game. Nothing in the first 5 hours stood out as amazing. Not that it's bad or anything.

For bugs, I've had two so far. An NPC floating in the air, and a few NPCs walking through objects. Nothing gameplay or really immersion breaking.

For performance, I'm on an i5-9600k and a 2080 (non-ti), and I get an average of 80fps with dips to the 50s on mostly High settings, no Ray Tracing. 1440p resolution. (WIth Ray Tracing it's 50s with dips to 30s)

I'd recommend if you're a big fan of the setting and enjoy the genre of game for now. If you're not too into either, it's a wait for sale or just pass on it.
 

Rahlekk
371 products in account
12
85 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 23

Not Recommended
326.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2021
I think after 249 hours and three full runs through the game and seeing the wide array of potential endings, I can safely say I feel I certainly got my money's worth with Cyberpunk 2077. I bet you just glanced up to confirm I selected "Not Recommended" and you would be correct, I did, and I did it with a heavy heart...

The Glory!
There are countless moments where you see the raw passion in the art of making this game. The many layers of architecture throughout the city. The attention to detail in the vehicles. The first time you run into a random nameless NPC just strumming a guitar in sync to the music you hear them playing. The rich and vibrant details to how the world works as explained in the opening sequences of the game. The oversaturation of detail in every dark, bright, dirty, clean, and everything in-between corner. I genuinely feel I am playing a work of art in video game form, and that is rare praise from me.

The Reality...
It's a work of art that you shouldn't look at too closely. Its problems start to show when you get too close. Can you blitz the game in half an hour? Yes. But then you've missed 90% of the content. It genuinely feels so rich, yet so hollow. The way side-content is delivered is the hollow "throw darts on the map at random" and expect the player to want to head to their respective markers. This is quite boring. However, once you're there, the mission is revealed to you and you are allowed to play it out how you want, but can often be rewarded for playing it a specific way... sometimes defying the desires of the person who hired you. These missions feel rich in story, lore, background... but delivered in a text message rivaling the length of this review. Not to mention all the data shards... Token replacements for entire conversations that likely had to be scrapped.

The Rot.
Then all the little cracks. There are plenty of moments where objects NPCs are interacting with will duplicate and stay frozen in the air near them. The minimap is zoomed in too close to see turns coming up while driving. (Edit: Fixed as of 1.3) That said, the GPS navigation is often broken and will zigzag through streets rather than take the fewest possible turns within reasonably similar distance traveled. It does at least adjust whether you're on foot or in a vehicle. NPC scripting often breaks forcing you to use an autosave to backtrack a bit to give it another shot at working as intended. This also teaches you to use your quicksave at prime opportunities so you don't lose much progress since autosaves aren't frequent. Even just quicksaving and reloading will often fix a lot of NPC scripting on-the-spot. Weapons, attributes, stats, and skills are horribly balanced. Mods on gear do stack, but they don't want to show they stack on your stats screen. (Edit: Stats now seem to be shown properly as of 1.21) You will occasionally just die at complete random (at least I do, and I can't figure out why) from slight falls or getting hit by a passing car. (Edit: Instant deaths were identified and fixed as of 1.2) Inventory panels have to reload with every transaction or dismantling. This alone gets extremely tedious... (Edit: Reloads are much faster now as of 1.2, but still tedious.) and many more minor annoyances and glitches will be encountered along the way. None of which is consistent on a user-by-user basis either. Many have it worse than me, many have had a near flawless experience, and there's no accounting for the standards of the masses.

EDIT: April 1st 2021
I read through and tested the 1.2 update for a few hours. This fixed a solid chunk of my nuanced details regarding bugs/glitches/issues, and is at least that much closer to its intended vision, but there's entire systems and mechanics missing here still before that vision becomes a reality. On top of that, many functions that were working before now don't work as intended. Such as scan toggle. Each time I launch the game now, scanning is on hold. I have to go to my keybinds, switch it to hold, apply, then switch it back to toggle in order to get scan toggle to work again. And there are more minor new bugs/glitches/issues as well. Tested AMD DXR functionality on settings that get 120+ fps, and full DXR drops framerates to a staggering 30. I feel full control of DXR sample rates needs added so we AMD users can tune this.

EDIT: September 1st 2021
Version 1.3 dropped with some free content added, a simple improvement to the minimap while driving, and more quest scripting fixes. Ray-Tracing implementation is still broken on AMD considering Doom Eternal and RE8 run just fine with it enabled.

EDIT: December 1st, 2021
No real changes, just doing this dirty edit for the nomination awards.

The Dream~
Finally the real reason I don't recommend the game... There's so much potential here not being realized. There are no less than five gangs in the city and I genuinely feel that core progress should be locked behind gaining reputation and prestige with at least one of them. This could also drastically alter how the ending unfolds. I hope someone at CDPR reads this because I would genuinely like to see full-on gang wars between their respective borders in the city. NCPD and MaxTac jumping into the fray shortly after these battles begin, and let them be dynamic. I would like to see a system where you could earn reputation with all the gangs using an alias and keeping your face hidden - if ever discovered on the other side of the fence instantly marking you a traitor and to be dealt with in the way that gang operates. It could be as simple as shooting someone who saw your face and not realizing they are still alive. They report to their superiors and flip a coin whether or not the gang finds out it was the player. On top of that, the player could turn the tide of war and go Saints Row on them by claiming territory from one gang for another. They could even join the NCPD and eventually MaxTac in much the same way. Even Arasaka, Militech, and Biotechnica. Not to mention the Nomad clans... There should be exclusive mission boards per fixer, gang, NCPD/MT, corporation, or clan rather than marks all over the map for missions. I've seen how the fixers can be visited; why not have them give you a roster of potential missions to take on? I wish you had been able to take another year or two developing these systems. I see the potential for them like it was intended from the start, but had to be cut because it would take too long to complete. And I'm well aware of the five-year investment rule. I know why you launched it like this, and I know you're not allowed to admit this cold truth of business. I wish you had waited to take on investment until you had a timeline for finishing what could've been a real masterpiece for your studio.

TL;DR:
The reason I do not recommend this game is because as it is now I feel it is a work of art masterpiece video game that is lacking a great deal of its true potential. It is indeed worthwhile to buy and play as it is now, but Cyberpunk 2077 clearly isn't everything it wants to be, and should be... at least, not yet...
 

Xion
1,030 products in account
15
213 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
110.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 9
It is so... humbling — to listen to the dead speak.
I think Cyberpunk 2077 is fantastic... However, it's certainly not without its faults — in the interest of full disclosure, I did pre-order this game but ended up refunding it. I've only recently purchased it again for 50% off.

I find myself pensive, wistful and introspective after the conclusion of this narrative — a set of emotions I do not normally need to contend with after finishing a game. Perhaps contradictory to this, I cannot say the narrative is expressly unique, it's actually quite predictable. You can probably figure out what's going to happen pretty early on. But it's extremely well told and the character development is some of the better I've seen within the medium.

That said, the game still has a bunch of weird bugs but none of them prevented me from completing a mission — occasionally I needed to re-load to trigger a few things. And the performance is subpar — more on that later. But honestly, the bugs are not dissimilar to things you'd see in many other giant open-world games.

”I never asked for this” but “V has come to.”
Mechanically, the game is simply uninspiring. That isn't to say it's bad or not worth engaging with. It's simply not doing anything new. Imagine RAGE 2, Borderlands, The Outer Worlds, Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Watch Dogs and I would even go as far to mention EA's Syndicate — not Bullfrog's — I'm talking about the cyberpunk styled FPS, not the isometric RPG by the same name. Imagine those games were all forced to merge and create some sort of hybrid monster — that's Cyberpunk, only with a lot more hype due to unconstrained marketing and an even more vitriolic audience. I think there is some crossover narrative elements as well with some of those titles.

Some of the perks are strait out of Borderlands, such as “Cold Blood”, a perk that increases movement speed after killing an enemy with additional effects like reducing recoil if you level into it — they even stack. Some weapons (mostly tech) have different firing modes based on whether you're zoomed in or not. There is cyberware that will release a shockwave if your health depletes below a certain point, it's almost exactly how Nova Shields operate. Plus, I'm pretty sure this game has just as much loot as Borderlands.

Interestingly, the body stat may seem like an endurance or vitality increase but it also dictates your ability to pry open vents or doors with brute force as well as other various stat checks. The “cool” stat allows you to give more level-headed responses beyond its additional stealth buffs. Whereas if you level into stealth, killing an enemy silently gives a boost to crouched-movement speed. Low physical stats will disallow you to commandeer vehicles that are being driven. Low technical ability will prevent you from hacking certain doors. So your base stats do matter. For instance, you cannot stealth-kill larger enemies without also leveling into body. I took a perk early on that auto-dissembled junk items, so every time I picked garbage up I was effectively passively gaining XP in crafting.

Health items range from all sorts of inhalers and injectors making it feel very Fallout/Outer Worlds-y. Equipping mods in your cyberdeck will allow you call for backup similar to Watch_Dogs, moreover you're able to hack into the camera network to scout a location beforehand. But other mods can be used as well to augment your quickhacks such as reboot optics that will cause an enemy temporary blindness.

Watch_Dogs vs EA's FPS Syndicate style hacking. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: SpaceCouncil


Beyond these sorts of traditional open-world FPS/RPG... things — every game needs 10 genre tags now, you can also perform investigations from what are effectively memories, everything the brain remembers — a “Brain Dance”. They remind me a lot of the game “Remember Me”. Some missions are centered around them.

Street cred acts a bit like the Face meter in Sleeping Dogs where you'll need to increase this in order to wear more prestigious outfits/clothing. It also allows better gear, cyber-enhancements and missions to become available. The game actually bombards you with phone calls and text messages. You'll probably get 2 or 3 phone calls from Fixers you've never even met while on your way to some point of interest. And end up responding to 2 other texts in the middle of that. There's a ton to do in Night City. I'd estimate I had only done maybe 40% of the side jobs, gigs and hustles after my 51 hours through my first playthough. Some of it is kind of filler content but it ranges in true CDPR fashion from taking down criminals, doing random contracts for fixers, investigating politicians to helping a fractured AI stop the flamingos from screaming — you'll figure it out.

The very few dialogue options in a given situation are clearly marked as to which ones will provide exposition and which will progress the story/situation. Marked blue and yellow, respectively. Some dialogue with be unique to your chosen lifepath.

IT department
Pre-1.5v patch.
This is just to relay the compromises I made to get this game running subjectively “playable” on a small, low power rig. For use as what you might be able to expect with your rig.

The PC I used to play this a 5600X and a 6GB GTX1060 and 16GB DDR4 3600Mhz. There's really only two native resolutions with ultrawides, those being 3440x1440 and 2560x1080 so you're forced into resolution scaling if you don't have the hardware to back it up. My monitor is a 2560x1080. Realistically, if there wasn't a frame counter on-screen I probably wouldn't notice the frame drops — not without extreme dips.

Two settings I found to be “playable” used 70% static scaling — dynamic scaling had too much fluctuation and I value consistency over occasional high FPS. I'd turn all volumetric stuff off as it provides next to no visual improvement and costs a ton of performance. I lowered crowd density as well.

At 2560x1080 UW medium-low settings I got 37FPS using half refresh rate v-sync.
At 1920x1080 medium-high settings I got around 50FPS.

I did have to go into the Windows settings to alter my audio quality to 96K Hz to avoid a static audio glitch that was persistent without changing it.

Dropping scaling to 60% improved performance to about 50-82FPS with medium-low settings at 2560x1080. Depending on how many lights, enemies and things were getting blown up. 180W was my peak wattage usage — but it'd hover around 120W-140W. These settings are what I actually ended up settling on with v-sync set to 75.

I ran this at 2560x1080 @ 60% static scaling medium-low mix at around 50-75FPS with a Ryzen 5 5600X and a 6GB GTX1060. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: SpaceCouncil


I've seen APUs weaker than the 5600G running this game at 720@30 on low settings. And I know that isn't great — but it's substantial for a solitary chip without a discrete video card. (Just imagine it on a Steam Deck or an Aya Neo.) Look, what I'm trying to say is, the game operates pretty well for how absolutely abysmally it actually does run.

Contract closed, V. Eddies are on the way.
It's a game about being a mercenary first and foremost, but it's got some really great stories to tell along the way if you let it. Given 5 years time, especially with expansions, I see this game becoming as revered as Witcher 3 and as redeemable as No Man's Sky. I would still wait for a sale, though.

You were the best... Always. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: SpaceCouncil


If you've read this far, consider following my curation — Station Argus
 

SpaceCouncil
743 products in account
11
69 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
get it on sale 5 years from now after a ton of patches. sad but true.
 

ifyouneedafriendgetadog
384 products in account
8
134 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 9

Not Recommended
79.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2021
a game about companies getting away with cheating people and lying to them in the name of massive profit with no consequences, made by a company that did just that in their marketing of the very game in question
 

barchel jimpson
126 products in account
3
1,429 people found this review helpful
224 people found this review funny 56

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Upon obtaining a wanted level, cops will spawn behind you. Solution: Stand in a corner, cops never come. Also, can't kill kids. Hide behind those for shields.

Drivers do not turn steering wheels.

Like...come on....this game was delayed how many times?

This game is a mess. It should've been delayed - again.
 

Skeptik
844 products in account
0
158 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
43.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Don't get me wrong, the game is beautiful, has plenty of quests to do and a very interesting story. But it released months, if not well over a year too early. If this is the state its in in December, I don't want to know what state it was in when they were considering an April release, or even September.

- Optimization. Runs like ass for, just about everyone. My system is a Ryzen 7 3700x, an MSI RTX 3070, 32GB of ram, and the game is on an SSD. I play on a 1080p monitor. Yet even with ray tracing turned off, I very frequently see frames in the 40fps range, occasionally running smoothly in the 60s.
- AI. Traffic AI doesn't exist. AI vehicles follow pre determined pathing, but that's it. AI don't react to shooting, guns pointed at them, make no attempt to go around if you're blocking the road, and police vehicles don't even chase you, they just spawn next to you. aside from this, there are numerous bugs involving NPCs
- Bugs. There are a lot of bugs, involving just about everything. Most are easy to overlook, bugs were expected with launch, but occasionally a bug will break a quest forcing you to have to reload not just the most recent quicksave, but a save from several minutes behind of progress to "fix"
- Low end content. For a game and world that focuses heavy on body customization and augmentation, it's amazing how you can't even change your character's hair style. Or in a game where you can buy vehicles and seemingly participate in street races, you can't customize them whatsoever.
There's other points I can make, but plenty of other reviews make those points, this is just what I wanted to say about it.

I believe this game will be great, but right now, it just isn't. The base content and storyline is there if that's all you care about, but the game will need a lot of patches, bug fixes, and content updates before it should be considered a finished game. I'll gladly update my review to recommended once the game doesn't feel like an unfinished mess
 
A developer has responded to this review

Frostt ♥
392 products in account
0
1,037 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 66

Not Recommended
47.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Here are my biggest gripes with this game so far, I'll try not to waffle on -

9 hours in and I am so detached from every character in this game (including my own), that I could care less about what happens next. This is mainly due to the narrative dragging you along without really providing any substance to the characters you are introduced to. There is not enough backstory or context for V other than "night city is a harsh environment but I want to be famous/successful/remembered". I chose corpo but somehow feel as though V was always a street rat anyway? Night City is supposed to be on the west coast yet V at times sounds like he just walked out of a Red Sox game... So, even if it were only a few paragraphs, some backstory for V wouldn't have gone astray. There is quite a bit of uninterruptible dialogue in this game, so when you become detached to the characters/narrative as I have, things become pretty stagnant and you start to wish you could simply click through it all.

In terms of the gameplay, every action and interaction feels completely hollow, as though the world is made of cardboard. You can barely notice that you are taking any damage until the third bullet kills you, that is after emptying 3 clips into a street thug without them flinching. I put a couple of points towards the brawler perk, and i found it was shockingly quicker to punch 5 men to death than shoot at them, all while sucking down my 15 health pack inhalers.
And then there are the bugs, the icing on the cake. I can happily overlook bugs if the game is engaging and fun to play, but in this case, it is simply adding insult to injury.

I love discovering games that make me want to take time off work just so I can jump back in, but sadly, I don't get that feeling from this one ;(
 

n_station
168 products in account
0
263 people found this review helpful
68 people found this review funny 32

Recommended
210.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 14, 2021
7.5 / 10

Do Play
for the main storyline/major side quests, they're well-written with compelling but underutilized story NPCs
for the very fantastic visuals/screenshots
for the audacious and atmospheric cyberpunk setting
if you want a Polish game

Don't Play
if you want a Polished game
if you want a fully finished game, the main story + endings are complete but some missing content is noticeable like inside the Pacifica district
if you want a new kind of rpg with fresh mechanics
if you are interested in the open world, it is generic and bland and best if avoided




The City of Night 
Community Created Artwork for Cyberpunk 2077
By: Israfene


Cyberpunk 2077 is a game of contradictions, deliciously ironic contradictions. CDPR's anticipated magnum opus turns into CDPR's apologetic mea culpa. Cyberpunk seethes and bursts with BURN CORPO ♥♥♥♥ outrage, only to be undermined by its very own and very corporate master overlords. The game is good but sometimes it's... bad. Gah!

Imagine a famous artist is meticulously crafting individual pieces for a massive masterpiece. He announces when he will unveil his work and everyone is very excited. However, he encounters a myriad of problems, halting his progress but not the reveal date's as it looms closer and closer. He delays the unveiling a few times but eventually decides that he is done, after all, and reassures everyone of the quality of his work. As the curtain lifts, the onlookers are presented with an unmistakably rushed and unfinished product. In his haste, the artist had cobbled everything into an amalgam of fine, intricate details and rough, crude shapes. Some of the beautiful craftsmanship is apparent, but it is altogether a bit of a bloated and awkward mess that is held together by duct tape, delusion, and deception. That is Cyberpunk 2077.

However, for a game that was vomited out at the last minute, Cyberpunk does have some impressively redeeming chunks floating around in the muck. For one, the game looks quite amazing. It is the perfect canvas for creativity, with Night City posing as a gorgeous model for the one too many screenshots you will inevitably take. Unfortunately, the city itself only serves as a beautiful cardboard backdrop and not much else. It manages to appear full of life and yet it's lifeless at the same time. The excellent writing at least infuses personality and vitality into Cyberpunk and is the greatest strength of the game. When I beat it for the first time and got my first ending, it was a bad ending and I absolutely loved it (that particular ending is still my favorite after experiencing all the others). I was genuinely fascinated by its very cynical tone and the dark questions it raised about life and technology and the latter's ability to define the former. But whatever significance you might like to draw out of Cyberpunk's thought-provoking narrative, it's diluted by the large and empty open world and dull filler quests. This kind of self-sabotage happens throughout the game. CDPR will dazzle you with a bright little gem, only to dunk it moments later into a pool of rubbish.

And so I treasure the small but brilliant positives of Cyberpunk, glittering in the morass of bugs, glitches, half-baked bits, and a swamping of other problems the red-thumbed reviews will elaborate for you. If anything, in the few areas that CDPR succeeds with Cyberpunk, it succeeds extremely well, and well enough so that, for me, the game ends up more good than bad despite its issues. But Cyberpunk is a mixed bag to be sure, and one that requires waiting for a sale, careful sifting of the contents, and a willing blind eye to overlook the flaws.
 

Israfene
1,720 products in account
24
1,539 people found this review helpful
84 people found this review funny 166

Not Recommended
114.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2020
Let me preface this with that I played this game to completion. I played for every ending, completed all side missions, all gigs, jobs, all NCPD Scanner missions and assault in progress world opportunities. And yeah, you might wonder why I don't recommend this game after sinking over 110 hours into this game, so let me elaborate a bit for you.

This game was advertised as an open-world RPG, but what you really got was a story driven, action looter-shooter. The overarching game loop after the first 30-40 hours in the game starts to grind on you a bit, where everything is "Go to point A, kill X amount of enemies, and leave". You then repeat this, with a sprinkle of "don't kill enemies, just incapacitate them" mixed in. But when you can just slap a mod on a gun that makes it non-lethal, this defeats the challenge and just circles it back around to shooting enemies. The Perks feel shallow and skill trees are barely explained. It took me until my character was about level 20 to learn that skills won't level higher than the attribute they are underneath, and since your character will max at level 50, you will be locked out of ever getting to experiment with the level 20 skills of certain trees, or even all trees if you spread your attribute points around. The RPG setting just isn't there, and this is a story being told to you in first person, not a game you can even self-insert into.

Now, let me touch on the story. The entire time I was playing, I was expecting every choice I made to have consequences down the line. I was hesitant to say certain things, and wondered how it would all play out. Well, to be blunt, your choices leading up to endgame ultimately don't matter. There will be a point in the game where it will warn you to finish up missions and side quests because the story is about to reach it's boiling point. And only after this point will your choices really matter. The things you say and do will change dialogue or add some extra flavor after this point, but ultimately you can load a save from that point and get every different ending to the game. All the time I spent hesitating and debating on choices prior immediately felt wasted.

This game can be beautiful, and that's one of the pros I have to give CDPR. The environment is a delight to look at and there are certain viewpoints in the game that make you appreciate it. But like so much of what is said in the game, it's largely superficial. The AI and people around town are braindead, and if they weren't there it would take away nothing from the game. The conversations with meaningful characters in the story just kind of drop off after they don't contribute to the main storyline anymore. The romance options in the moment are nice, but immediately afterwards they become an afterthought in the game, and really feel shallow.

And then there are the endings themselves. I went through each, reloaded autosaves and made different choices, got different dialogue, and largely none of them gave me the butterflies I wanted to feel. A couple endings felt empty, hollow even, and then there were endings that felt like they took it in a direction just to slap you with shock value. Only 2 endings I can say I even relatively liked, and even then they didn't feel "right" to me.

And then there are the bugs. This game is the most buggy game I've played since Fallout 76, and the amount of save scumming I had to do was ridiculous. Visual bugs popped up all over, there were occasional bugs that prevented me from saving the game, I would sometimes die randomly from jumping on flat ground while running. They nearly drove me insane. Anybody who has already stated that this feels like an early access title is correct. There was so much dropped content in the game, that I can't even understand why some of what made it to the game is still there. The backstories don't make sense when they just merge to the same point anyways, and it was said people would react to my appearance. That never happened, and I still don't understand why genitalia were even in the game when (for me at least) they had no apparent effect or even appearance in the game except the inventory UI.

All in all, I just can't recommend the game. Perhaps it was overhyped, perhaps it just needed more time to bake before release. But in it's current state, I can't recommend it. Even then, with the direction the game took in the story, I still couldn't recommend it.

Edit on 12/23:
Some PC Specs for those curious - RTX 2070 Super, i7-9700k, 32GB Memory. I would say I have a rather high-end rig, and I had to play this game on low-medium graphics quality, RTX off, to maintain a 50-70 fps range at 2560x1440 resolution. My overall review is still based on the game itself and not on how it performed on my PC since I was able to play it rather unhindered except for gameplay bugs.
 

Ammo Supplier
1,073 products in account
0
286 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 20

Not Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 27
I wish I could recommend this game, but I can't. Even after all the updates – which did fix a great number of problems – the core of the game hasn't changed. The world still feels ... dead. Artificial. I want to go to a club and dance. I want to sit in a bar and order copious amounts of dubious-looking liquids. I want to get my hair done at a barber and get tattoos in a tattoo shop. I want to ride on a train or take a sky taxi, join a gang and beat up some rando who didn't pay his bills.

But you can't do any of these things. You can count on one hand the number of places where you can actually interact with the game world. The rest of the time you're just going through the motions, doing what feels like the same missions over and over, just in different locales.

This game is not an RPG. It's an open-world shooter. If you're looking for the chance to immerse yourself in a cyberpunk world, you'll need to look elsewhere.
 

Sciyo
198 products in account
0
2,131 people found this review helpful
208 people found this review funny 118

Recommended
231.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2021
~~ DIFFICULTY ~~
🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
☑️ Masterpiece

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful

~ STORY ~

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing Temple Runners for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
☑️ Well written
🔲 Epic story

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
☑️ High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
☑️ Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
🔲 No ending

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
☑️ If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
☑️ Wait for sale
🔲 Yes


12/10 would buy again, you can add tons of mods to change the game feel and have different playthrough thats still tons of fun.
 

pera_perkan
1,296 products in account
100
117 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
One of the best examples of a game being 'wide as an ocean and deep as a puddle'. The game's city is massive and easily the most detailed set-piece I've seen in a game thus far, however aside that there is practically no depth to the world. Exploration in this game consists of clearing out brain-dead mobs in back-alleys and side-streets, nothing in this game evokes mystery or a sense of exploration after the first few hours. If you like the game's setting you're probably best off just playing the game's main quest-line, because the open-world aspect falls flat. 'Sleeping Dogs' came out eight years before this game and has a more immersive open-world.

Unfortunately Cyberpunk 2077 is one of the most overhyped games in the last several years.
 

3shells
74 products in account
0
67 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
98.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 8
Bear with me, this won't be short. If you want TL;DR The game is great, it has some non-gamebreaking graphical glitches, the story, setting and characters are great.

For people who enjoy reading

You have HTPC, you say?

When this game came out, I said that even though I like the setting of the game, I won't ever play it. The reasons were my PC (i5 750, yes first generation core type CPU, and GTX1650, very low mid-range card) and the requirements and state of the game - it couldn't run properly even on new hardware at the time. One year later I got an e-mail saying the game is in 50% sale. Before buying the game though, I had to look up if my hardware is really that bad or if I could run the game at some decent pace. I watched a few videos of the game running on GTX1650 and when I discovered it can run 30+FPS, I was hooked. I bought Cyberpunk 2077.

Slow HDD = On, 30 FPS

And so it began. First few hours were benchmarking. I had to fiddle with settings A LOT. The biggest impact was when I turned on the "Slow HDD" even though I have SSD (MX500) - the game runs fine from that point, even on Medium details. Game runs 28 to 35 fps for me with dips to 20 when cruising busy parts of town at high speed. This may be caused by HW, but also by playing on Linux through Proton.

As you can see, I'm not a part of 60 fps gang. I care only about smoothness, for me 30 frames per second are good. If they are stable, that is.

Night city and what it offers

I started playing the game right away. I loved the setting from the start. I was quite surprised to learn that first few hours are actually prologue before the big unveiling of the story itself. When I finished prologue, I really got hooked up. The city is big. I don't mean there are many streets, I mean it's BIG. There are so many back alleys and elevators to look into, so many people and shops and everything. You will be overwhelmed.

I started doing some quests, main story and side quests and even "gigs" as the small ones are called. Gigs are like fetch-quests from standard fantasy RPGs, but every one of them is different from each other, yet they are simple, they lack depth/backstory.

Characters

What is really great about this game are characters. Starting with V, your character. I picked female with big boobs... :-D And started as a Streetkid as it is, what I believe authors of this game meant to be, the main role. V is really a street kid. Kinda nobody, but she knows the tricks and how it works. You meet another strong character right away and the game really doesn't stop giving until the end. Every character I met has a backstory. I liked a lot of them.

Mechanics

Cyberpunk reminds me of Deus Ex. In Cyberpunk you play as kinda technological wizard. You can pick the way you are gonna do the game. You have weapon arsenal at your disposal and you can brute force your way through the game. I went more stealth and hacky way. I really enjoyed playing the game and I will replay it, but I will go different way that time. Male with big ♥♥♥♥ :-D

The weapons, armor, cyber implants. skills and perks, ... you can do so much in this game. I can't really write much about it as I haven'ŧ explored it that much.

You can craft. And I'm telling you specifically because you can craft ammo. Remember that. It saved my ass many times.

Witcher 3 vibe

How can cyberpunk-style game have fantasy vibe? I doesn't. But when you open inventory, character info screen, when you see dialogue options... It's straight up copy of Witcher 3 in some regards. If you played it, you will see it a lot of it in this game too.

Point of no return

Before I realized it, I was at point of no return in the story, that was around 37 hours in-game time. I was level 24 at the time with many side quests still being of "High or Very high danger", meaning they are for higher level character. I went for the story. For the next three hours, I couldn't get up from my PC, it was so intense!

I will keep playing

After watching one of the endings, I went back into the game straight away. And this is why I'm writing this review right now. This game kept my interest after finishing it. I'm not done with Night City. It still draws me in, I still want to play the game, finish more quests. And that is how I recognize a good game. I want to play it. I want to play it more. It doesn't become a chore, I still enjoy it the same.

Driving... ... ...? More like surviving

The one thing I don't enjoy is driving around in the game. My driving on the keyboard is rusty, I know. But this game seems to make it even worse. I'm not kidding when I say that Cyberpunk gave me the worst driving experience I ever had on PC. I played my first racing game in 1998, it was F1 game of that year. I had my share with NFS and Test drive games. I played GTAs. Cyberpunk is the worst. The cars and bikes are unreadable until you hit 100mph. But you can't cut city's corners at 100mph... When I turn at slow speed the car overturns every single time. You try to correct, you end up in the opposite way. I drove over so many people unintentionally because I couldn't control the car. Not good, especially in the game where you are meant to drive quite a bit.

Note: When reviewing before posting, I forgot to mention here that I tried driving on gamepad. It's not better than keyboard. I struggled with it the same.

Night city is offering itself, but can you get into it?

And here we are at the second thing I quite don't undestand. This is more "me" thing than the game's. I have played for 40 hours, I did quite a lot of quests, met a lot of characters, yet I still don't know my bearings in the NIght city. You want me to go to the Afterlife club? I don't know where it is. You want me to go to the Pacifica district? I don't know how to get there. You want me to simply join the highway circle around the city? I would have to get on it by chance... In Witcher 3 I got to know every settlement, every cave. Cyberpunk doesn't provide me the same experience. The city is foreign, alien to me. Even after spending so much time in it and going through some streets multiple times, I don't remember even the names of those few city districts. The city is impersonal. But the story setting supports it to some degree.

Minimap = bad!

I still know my bearings in GTA3, Vice City and San Andreas up to this day. Hell, I could even navigate Oahu in Test Drive Unlimited better, than I do Night city. And we are talking playing without GPS! I learned the streets and roads of Oahu and GTA games WITHOUT the game telling me where to turn. 15 hours into Cyberpunk I turned of minimap. That was the point where I started to learn the city a bit. I still don't know where I am or how to get to the next point, but I started to notice landmarks at last. I don't enjoy driving without purpose so I won't learn the layout just by "living" in the city. If you are like me, turn off the minimap. It will help you to get to know the city better.

On the lighter note

While the game got patched a lot, it still has some glitches - shopkeeper standing on top of other shopkeeper, people going through other people on the street, cars parked half-way inside other cars, NPCs turning the steering wheel without moving their hands, NPCs going through objects, ... None of those are gamebreaking. I consider them funny. Everytime I saw something like that I stopped, had a look and with smile on my face, I went on to my quest.

So here we are. End of the review, if only I knew what to say here...

Too bad it is one year after release that the game finally got to the state in which it should have been at the launch date. I'm still glad I bought it. This is not an ordinary game, this one will have that special place for me. It doesn't make it that high as some iconic ones, but it sits pretty high nonetheless.
 

Pavouk106
375 products in account
0
292 people found this review helpful
461 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
76.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2021
They made a 18+ game
They also waited for everyone to turn 18+
How convenient
 

Toph
11
1,111 people found this review helpful
146 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
34.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
Enjoying it so far. Bug here and there, nothing major
 

Napybara
501 products in account
0
301 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 12

Not Recommended
157.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
I don't want to do this, but I have to do this negative review.
I want to start by saying that I loved Witcher series and Deus Ex, and based on all the press, I thought this will be more like them.
But it's not. I just feel bad that it took me 14 hours to realize this.
I don't have any technical problems, the game runs smooth, no crashes, no broken quests yet.
Sure, not all keys can be remapped, but I got used to it.
But the problem is the side quests. 14 hours in the game and the side-quests feel nothing like the ones from WItcher 3, which had a lot of story depth, and I was expecting the same from the same company. These side-quests are more like "go there, do that" without much story. More like a checklist. They don't feel part of something more.
I feel extremely disappointed, because my expectation were wrong, or I just misinterpreted the news about the game.
I know a lot of people can't accept this, but this is not the game of the year. Far from it. Even for me it was very difficult to accept what this game is, because I was also very interested in this game since I saw the first trailer and played the Witcher games.
I am glad for the people who enjoy it, and feel sorry for the disappointed ones (I am in the same bucket).

-Update-
Ok, so I finished the game, and I come with an update to my initial impression.

So this is one of the few games I had no more patience to finish it (did it anyway), and to move on to better games.
The only acceptable thing are some of the main and side-quests (this is saying a lot about the rest of the game), but even there you don't have too many options. Your choices don't really matter so much, not like in Mass Effect series or in Deus Ex (where if you pay attention to the story, you realize you have to fail a side-quest to avoid something during another main event, or where you have to chose who will die, A or B, but if you search carefully you find an option to save both). In Cyberpunk, the depth of the quests is very lacking for what was advertised.
So I stick to what I initially said, side-quests don't have the same dept as the ones from Witcher 3.

The clothing items are so bad... you just want to get the most armor but the only way to do that is to look like a clown. In Witcher 3 they had more taste.

The vehicle controls are awful, compared with games like Watchdogs (I have played only the first one, and I don't have GTA to compare). Hell, even the hacking is cooler in the first Watchdogs.

Very bad hacking minigame and too often. The one from Deus Ex was a fun to play, and just wanted more. At least you had some strategy there, where you could apply modifiers. Here, I want less, it's just the same "find a pattern to match the shown pattern". After a while feels like brain damage, doing the same thing over and over, without any variation. As I said, in Deus Ex it is more complex, and really feels challenging and needs some strategy.

No skills for stealth, like some "noise reduction" or "stealth takedown". Plus I was surprised to find out later in the game that hiding in containers non-lethal takedowns invalidates optional "do not kill". Just then I realized that the containers kill enemies.
So good luck if you try a non-lethal run.
You can even kill enemies with blunt weapons (which are described as non-lethal).
And you can't takedown like in Deus Ex, with one button. No, you have to grab them, and then decide what to do with them (knock or kill). Because in 2077, you can't think so far in advance.

And the police, man the police has personal teleport packs. Strange that the criminality rate is increasing in that case. Maybe they are all bribed. Not sure how to do that myself.
Yes, I am sarcastic. In a 2020 game, the police instantly teleports next to you. Damn even in GTA 3 it was more realistic, and that one is really old.

Copy/paste gigs, really boring. I am a completionist (even for Witcher games, cleaned the maps), but for this one I barely finished all the gigs (it was like a bad dream that never ends), and for the rest of the blue events, I am not even curious. I have other games to play. When you have a game that is trying artificially to expand the duration, just to have the devs and die-hard CDPR cult fans to say "look how much content we provide for 60 bucks", then this is quite sad. And it is even worse when people still defend them, without a real reason. Proof that marketing can brainwash.

This game negativity is not so much about bugs, as it is about an unfinished product, and a falsely advertised one. 15M (or whatever M) sales? Yeah, based on a lie. But what is disturbing is not the lie itself, or the final product, no. What is disturbing is people defending this practices. That way, next time CDPR can do a weak product, because they will know that they can get away with it. If the consumers don't make a stand, not so sure about the future of gaming. I am the one talking, with preorder and no refund. But I was duped as a lot of those 15 mil (or 13M or whatever, not sure I really care so much), and had (false) hopes until past the point of no return (14 h in, a lot after the 2h refund policy). But like Johnny said in game "crash and burn, otherwise it will just get worse for us" (not sure if the exact words, but it doesn't even matter anymore).
And a lot of people say "how dare you accuse CDPR, our saviours, when ubisoft and EA?". Well, at least for Ubi and EA you know what to expect. They are constant in their products. They are so low already that the only surprised can be positive ones. But CDPR raised a lot the expectations, just to deliver ... this. So, the higher the stakes, the harder the (deserved) fall.

This game is a joke, technical issues aside. It is a joke mostly because I can't understand why some people and publications claim "best game" (ever or whatever). I mean, why? Were they paid as part of the marketing campaign? They didn't played any other games? Or is it just that they don't want to accept reality?

Game of the year for what? For a beautiful city? I understand that because of the pandemic you can't visit the world, but maybe after the pandemic, try to visit real beautiful places, they could amaze you. And leave for the games the... gameplay and story. Not saying the game worlds should not be beautiful, I am saying it should not be the only factor. Because for a walking sim, yes, Cyberpunk 2077 is the best walking sim of the year.
Again, I am not talking at all about tech stuff, I am only talking about game design. There is nothing new in this game (maybe only the need for a good HW to play it).
This whole thing looks like a very good marketed amateur product.
Because let's be real, if the game would be as good as the marketing, then maybe this game could be better.

People are expecting patches for performance and bug fixes. I finished the game with minimal bugs (more like missing features), and I can say that the bug fixes can't make it a better game, except for a ground-up reworks of the game elements.

If I preordered (my fault, never preorder), I should expect to what was advertised and payed for. Otherwise, you conned me to buy the product.
CDPR did not let anyone to show footage before release, maybe to cover their lie.
Anyway, even if you saw footage, I needed 14 hours to realize what this is, and to wake up from the lie. Unfortunately others did not (yet) wake up. Maybe after the dust settles. Here's me, hoping, again. I never learn.

I don't hate the game, I hate the lie. I hate how marketing can brainwash so good, that not even the release some people don't want to see the reality.

So, 11/10 to CDPR for marketing. 7/10 for final product, not taking bugs into account (with those I would say 5/10). It's a playable game, but there are better games out there to throw your money at, and they deserve it more than this one.

This will sadly be the future of gaming - strong marketing focus, not game develpment focus. Because good marketing sells more units.
 

TigerX
964 products in account
0
174 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 15

Recommended
377.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2021
Ignorance is a Bliss
Arriving at a game with no expectations means you literally can not be disappointed.


I first learn about Cyberpunk like a lot of people did, some 7 years ago or so, when they released that announcement trailer. That trailer was the only thing i knew about this game for 7 years. I didn't read a single article talking about the game, didn't watch a single trailer after that point. I didn't even know the name of the main character or what the plot was going to be about.I was blind and what a blessing that was.
By starting the game in such a situation i had no expectation for the game, and was able to simply sit back and let the game show me what it had to offer.


The GAME
A product for entertainment and nothing else.

Cyberpunk is a videogame, not a world where you can jump into and lose yourself in order to live it like if it was a simulation. The game is designed to be played for its story, with sidequests to provide a bit of backstory for the world, but more important, give the players the means that the player needs to just have a bit of fun with its fantastic combat system.


COMBAT

Cyberpunk 2077 Combat system is fantastic, I was specially surprised with its gunplay. Usually in a game like this i'd expect the gunplay to be the weakest link, due to the nature of stat base shooters creating, well bullet spongies. Not in Cyberpunk, the guns (as long as they are in the correct level) will feel like actual weapons, and the damage they are inflicting feels authentic, as long as you keep your weapon at the correct level, and get the right perks, bullet spongies will only really be a thing for the "Boss" fights that you will run into ocasionally.


LIGHT RPG ELEMENTS

Cyberpunk has some light RPG elements, so don't go into this game expecting deep character builds like in Skyrim, It has less RPG depth than Skyrim, but more than the newer Far Cry games. Its there to provide a bit of diversity of playstyles but not to drag you into a hole of complex character builds where it becomes the complete focus of the game.

STORY

Cyberpunk story is fantastic, i really liked it, its not about saving the world, and it doesn't end like that either, its a very authentic story for the world where its based. And through out the story you'll meet characters that are genuinely interesting and complex, its not really surprising to me, CDPR knows how to write good characters they have done before in The Witcher 3, and they kept that quality here. Every single character, even relatively minor characters you meet have fascinating story to tell, and by the end of it i was left wanting for more of those characters, which for me its a mark of success for a story in a videogame.

VISUAL QUALITY

Cyberpunk 2077 to me has some of the best graphics i have ever seen in a videogame, sometimes when i'm driving around i have to stop and just admire the amazing city that they created in this game, it looks really good. I don't have RTX on, but boy this game makes me a bit jealous of those who can turn that feature on. But even without RTX, the game looks amazing and that's all i can really ask for. Other than maybe asking for an RTX card lol.

PERFORMANCE AND BUGS

When it comes to Performance the game is running okay on my computer, its not the best computer ( Ryzen 2700 16GB of RAM with 5700 XT), so i can't complain too much about the performance, but i heard people with more powerful rigs having issues so your mileage may vary.

When it comes to bugs, this is where Cyberpunk becomes a bit of a rough diamond, its beautiful, and definitely worth having, but there are some rough edges that you have to watch out for.
I encounter a lot of bugs while playing, but most of those bugs were not that big of an issue for me, they were small annoyances here there, but nothing that would prevent me from enjoying the game. The slightly more annoying issues like quests getting stucked or something like that, were relatively easy to solve, by just reloading a savegame.
However the trick for me is to not look for bugs, if you stand and look at the NPCs walking you'll see problems, if you hang around in an area, you'll see things breaking, So my advice is this, don't look behind the curtain, just enjoy the magic show, or in the other words, don't look for the bugs, just try and move past them so you can have a more fun experience.


And that's my review for Cyberpunk 2077, I enjoyed this game a lot, and will continue to do so. Its not groundbreaking, its not a completely new experience, its not revolutionary, But it is a good videogame. And at the end of the day, its all we can really ask from a videogame
 

♠.brT
273 products in account
22
626 people found this review helpful
1,263 people found this review funny 145

Recommended
60.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
i got laid for the first time sadly it was a videogame
 

Zorojuro
66 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
55.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
While I love the design and story of Cyberpunk 2077 I can't recommend it as it stands now. I went for a stealth build my first run which ended up being a HUGE mistake. The game has to many glitches to make stealth enjoyable for me. Bodies being spotted through walls, cameras spotting you even after being disabled, dead bodies spazzing out and launching across the map, etc. I've been following this game since the very first teaser and I really want to love this game but I just can't. I recommend holding off on your purchase and waiting a few months for bugs to be patched.
 

Paku
172 products in account
9
32 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Recommended
96.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
All people should play cyberpunk post 1.31 update, the game is great in 2022 <3

Best game ever!! Love you so much cdpr, the 1.5 patch update is so lovely and successful, i see no bugs no glitches rawrrrr you're amazing dear CDPR <333333333
 

🌹𝑹𝒐𝒔𝒂♡
281 products in account
25
629 people found this review helpful
25 people found this review funny 39

Not Recommended
55.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2020
People say the marketing team absolutely bombed, but in truth; they did their jobs successfully. Never have I seen before the hype surrounding a game cause over half the friends list to preorder it or bring that one friend who has been offline for 1000+ days out of retirement just to purchase it. I have not followed all the trailers and hype myself, but I had to bite the $80 CAD bullet and see what all the hubbub was all about. After completing the main story, notable side quests and some extras 42 hours in, I have some thoughts to share on why I would not recommend Cyberpunk 2077 currently.

Cyberpunk 2077 has the ambition to be an amazing open world and RPG and unfortunately falls flat in both genres compared to its competitors in both spaces. Night City is a breathtaking and detailed world with not much to do in actuality other than sightsee and turning the local thugs into cyberpulp. In comparison to GTA, it is a mediocre playground to create your own fun in and the severe lack of minigames to fill the in-between of missions is a downside when considering games like Yakuza have you spending a large portion of your playtime in extracurricular activities willingly. The open world is even a negative to the experience at the times when you end up wanting to minimize the travel to the next side quest so three police officers do not fabricate out of your rectum because you splattered a citizen on a turn due to a combination of the overly zoomed in mini-map and poorly implemented wanted system. Combat is not the greatest either, but I kind of anticipated that since I felt it was the weakest point of Witcher 3. It truly does feel like Skyrim with guns (actual Skyrim with guns, not FC or FO) in all the bad ways. You got iffy gunplay with half-done stealth that you will end up save scumming on. I appreciated the quickhacking, perks (love the perk icon references and song names for certain quests) and cyberware equipment, but it does feel disheartening when simply blasting gets the job done quicker or you hit a stats wall because of the difficulty options + enemy level system that only makes ending the enemies take longer and them ending you shorter with gunfire.

The RPG aspect and story has fared better than the open world and I genuinely had an enjoyable time with it. The main story is solid enough to be intriguing and while I did not care too much before about John Wick from Fortnite being a part of the story, he carried the game for me. He is relatively monotone in the dialogue of Cyberpunk 2077 sure, but it was really nice to hear Neo from Payday 2 give his input on the quests and your choices in both the main quests and side quests. Speaking of side quests, Cyberpunk 2077 shares its strong suit with Witcher 3 on spectacular side questlines. The characters involved in the important side questlines are memorable and even the gigs designed for quick loot have tidbits of story within them. Keanu Reeves from the Matrix aside, there were a lot of things that revealed to be inconsequential and made the story and RPG aspect lacking. Most notably the lifepaths. Beyond thirty minutes of gameplay, they mean nothing other than a few dialogue choices. This kills the replayability heavily and it is depressing when RPGs have executed it better with less flash. Dragon Age: Origins from 2009 is still one of the best examples of a well done “lifepath” system in my opinion. Most of the end of quest choices were simply for non-impacting roleplaying purposes or extra rewards and only a couple questlines and endgame choices make a factor in the ending like Witcher 3. Your reputation in this “RPG” game seems inconsequential in general when factions do not fully adapt to your interactions with them, the lack of respect & awe at high street cred and even the main story feels strange when NPCs have forgotten or treat the events of the prologue as yesterday’s news.

There are also some other things I would like to mention that are more subjective and varying on the player. The soundtrack outside of the car radio is splendid as there were moments and firefights where I was completely vibing. In particular, there was one segment with a sick cello and even sicker reload animations and you will know which segment I am talking about if you are planning to play or have already played. There is the obvious buggy mess and optimization issues covered by the community in pretty funny videos (can’t wait for the magnum opus that’ll be the Crowbcat video on CP2K77). I have not had too many game breaking issues except for weird physics jacking up the velocity in some spots and causing me to flatline instantly. Lots of immersion breaking stuff though like for example, when my sweater puppies decided to noclip through every shirt equipment because I chose the big bosom option in customization. Performance is subpar and I had around a playable 45fps on a 3600X + GTX 1080 at medium settings 1440p, but I suspect this will be remedied in multiple patches. If the open world and RPG aspect was more fulfilling or the game was stable on release, I would have considered Cyberpunk 2077 to be worthy of a recommend. However, I cannot recommend coughing up $60 USD in its current state over RDR2 or Witcher 3 if you have not bought those already.

The true winners are the folks in the future who will buy Cyberpunk 2077 with all the optimization patches, gameplay additions and expansions for $20 USD in a time where GPUs are in surplus.
 

Mel
718 products in account
62
301 people found this review helpful
276 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
73.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2020
Best trash collector simulator ever
 

Nothwin
162 products in account
5
33 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
60.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
I can't write negative review, its glitched or something.
 

wxlf
1,586 products in account
0
254 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
144.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
Man, what a ride. 56 hours for a single playthrough, and I didn't come close to doing everything.
Ignore the reviews that say there isn't anything to do. There is plenty. The side stories are EXTREMELY well written, the gigs and side jobs are fun and different with enough variation to keep them fresh.
The world and characters are very believable and I honestly felt connected to them in ways I have never experienced before. The music is great! As a metal head, I never thought I would ever hear Dark Funeral outside of youtube/spotify/concerts, but hot damn, they got it on Ritual.FM.
The gunplay is standard fare for the FPS/RPG hybrid, think Fallout 4 but twice as good. The guns have weight and recoil realistically instead of the same recoil animation playing over and over. The enemies, while kinda spongy, are diverse and require different methods to overcome on higher difficulties. The hacking is great, hands down one of my favorite parts of the game.
I give it a 10/10. And for those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about hardware, I did my playthrough on a Shadow VM which uses an Intel Xeon (8 cores at 2.5 GHz) an NVIDIA Quadro P5000 and 12 GB of RAM and had high, stable FPS @ 1080P on high settings and only had big dips in the very center of the city with traffic out the wazoo. Your mileage may vary, but my close friends have all had great results too. Not a single crash, minimal bug experience, though I will say I did have a persistent bug with the UI that I had to semi-frequently quicksave and reload, but nothing even close to gamebreaking.
 

UlfLord
334 products in account
0
126 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
152.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Product received for free

Damn awesome game :)

Enjoy Night City!

---

Okay, this game deserves a better review:

- Good writing and narration of the story. The plot progresses when you want it to progress, if you want to do other things, no problem. Also no constant action, there are times when you just drink beer in a motel and that's immersive. You build friendship, you explore the world - that part was done very nicely.

- Combat is satisfactional. There is decent amount of guns to choose from and they all fall from one of categories. There are weapons that ricochet, penetrate though walls, auto-aim enemies... pick your poison. The only problem with combat is that if you want to have action... you need to look for it. Gangs are not hostile from start, so you need to find a group and pick a fight. And because they are neutral towards you, a frag to their feet makes them explode in a second - where is fun with that? I would like to see more gang-wars areas, where the constant action is happening. Now we have random events where some people are fighting police or other gangs, but that's something you have to find and not always is at hand. But that's only a problem when you are really blood-thirsty, usually those random events are enough to satisfy (at least me) and move forward with whatever I'm doing in the game.
And I must say that the immersion from picking a new weapon and watching the "prepere to fire-up" animation is just great!

- Stealth is okay, I guess. Hacking is a nice tool helping you with it, beucase at first you can hack devices in the area to distract opponents, allowing you to pass. Later on you can make them blind, what kinda feels like invisiblity from deus ex - but hey, those are the tools. The only problem with sneaking is... level design. Most location that encourage you to play stalthy have 70% of enemies turned by their back to you, making the whole experience super easy and not rewarding. Not all locations are like that, but quite a few.

- World is not as populated as on first trailers, but that depends on location. There are crowdy areas (in mega-blocks or marketplaces), but some are rather empty (outskirts of the city). That option can be also changed in settings, I play on max and can't really complain much on density of population.

- I'm not a dedicated driver, I haven't played in any racing game since childhood, but I must say that I have fun while driving though Night City. Faster cars are obviously much harder to control, not to mention how hard is to stop the car from full speed to zero, but hey, that's part of having the fast car :). At first I was mostly fast-traveling, but I quickly noticed that there is a lot going on in the city - and that content would be missed if travelling that way.

- Bugs are there, but bugs can and probaby will be fixed. I was able to beat the game without any major problem, so that's something. Nowadays almost every game on Day 0 is released in less or more buggy state and while I don't defend CD PROJECT here - I think the game is in good enough condition to be playable. On previous release date it was obviously much worse :P

- There are TONS of content in terms of world-building. Many articles, textbooks, emails or text-messeges left here and there for you to explore. There is the internet - and websites are changing as you progress though the quests, so that's a nice addition.

- Flesh-modification is a nice addition, but I think it could be explore further. In comparison to Deus-Ex I believe Deus-Ex comes on top. Here we have mostly passive-bonuses, apart of legs and arms modification, I don't believe there are many active-actions to be unlocked here. That's a bit dissapointing.

There are more aspects of the game I haven't talk about, but I don't have a whole day for it :) Go and expore, you won't regreat it. Singleplayer games are definitely not dead :)

For now: 8/10
 

mortis7
147 products in account
22
90 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
116.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
The game is buggy but it’s not unplayable. I’ve enjoyed playing it and the graphics are amazing wish I had a better GPU
 

Arkus
91 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
88.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
I have played through this game 2 times.

Once when it first released, just going through the main story. I laughed, I cried. I enjoyed it like a movie.

My second playthrough was much more fulfilling though. I was V, I made decisions like I would, I got the exact build I wanted, I completed all of the quests from the maximum interesting characters. I achievement hunted the sh*t out of this game and enjoyed every second of it.

Gunplay is amazing, quick hacking is perfect for stealth, awesome crafting system with fun weapons. I enjoy the adult theme of this game and the conundrums it places you in. My only complaint so far is that there just isn't enough money to purchase all the vehicles, so I'll probably just glitch or mod the money to get that, because I truly feel I've mastered and beaten the game already on Very Hard difficulty. The only thing that remains is to finish the rest of the endings, including the secret one.

I recommend this game, especially for older gamers who want a great FPS experience, but with a meaningful story and a wonderful sense of accomplishment for fleshing out the game. There are some minor bugs, but they dont break the game or ruin the immersion that badly. The complaints are overhyped, especially at this update stage.

9.5/10 -
 

Boosta
83 products in account
0
611 people found this review helpful
80 people found this review funny 121

Recommended
2,636.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2021
There it is... Just reached over 1,000+ hours in Cyberpunk 2077... :)
UPDATE: 2,500+ hours now.

"Can't stop diggin' Night City!" - as Jackie Welles says during the prologue :')

The game could have been better, and I KNOW it will be better, yet I still enjoy it for what it is. Living that mercenary fantasy - a cybernetically-enhanced badass!

EDIT: After Patch 1.5 (and now 1.6) the game is simply stunning! It's fundamentally better. I love the energy of CP2077's new Game Director Gabriel Amatangelo, that man has stepped up, giving the game what it deserves. Soon we'll be getting a complete re-work of the police system, along with vehicle-to-vehicle combat, bigger MaxTac presence and other highly requested features by the community. I can't wait.

Now, I could write a huge, in-depth review of why I love this game so much, despite all the backlash it's gotten from various fans, false promises / false marketing, etc... we all know that story, right?... But my game hours should speak for themselves. This is just my opinion.

In short, this game's graphics (especially when maxed out in 4K, HDR, DLSS and RTX, it becomes a technological marvel. Its atmosphere, immersion, deep & dark story, complex lore, characters, soundtrack, hidden secrets and overall gameplay replay-ability have left their mark on me. There's a certain comfort to Night City that I can't quite describe. Which is strange, because the city itself is a f*cked up place. Driving at night through the city streets, the various districts, the Badlands, etc... feels nostalgic and somehow relatable. It reminds me of the days when I was younger, half-asleep in the backseat of my family's car, feeling safe, subconsciously listening to the radio music playing in the background at midnight as we drove past the busy city streets to our destination, going on a road trip, away on holiday.

I love trying out different builds, tactics, choices, reading everything, looting everything... I like to roleplay my characters' builds based on my chosen lifepaths. There is Nomad, Streetkid and Corpo. Each has a different intro, along with different dialogue options during main / side quests / gigs which either gives more insight when dealing with the respective faction, or unlocks entirely new, unique outcomes. The only other games that have left me in a similar state of passion and addiction have been TESV: Skyrim, Mass Effect trilogy, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, and a few others... Even now, after 2000+ hours, I'm discovering new things!

There are many great games that I've re-played numerous times in the past, but not to this extent! And certainly not in such a short amount of time. There's also mod support, which is pretty cool! UPDATE: As of Patch 1.6, we have official mod tools. REDMod has been released, which, with time, will bring Bethesda-level modding capabilities to CP2077. I've been playing since launch, and somehow I've come across very little bugs / glitches. Also NO crashes! Lucky me, I guess... :) Makes me wonder if the game really is as buggy as it's made out to be... The less Reddits / social media posts I read, the more I enjoy the game. But this is just my personal, biased experience running on a high-end PC.

I'm just here to leave my positive review and show my support. I should have done it a long time ago, but I thought I'd leave it until I hit a big milestone... Which is now, as of this review, 1,000 hours! What a beautiful number! Maybe now my review holds more "weight" ... I hope more people decide to try the game for themselves and not have their experience ruined by the internet... I know CDPR are hard at work with the new patches, free DLC and expansion(s), I've been watching Pawel Sasko's streams (Quest Director at CDPR) and I trust him over any leaks / speculations and other crap you might come across on the internet...

I know for a fact that there's still many more hours left for me in this Cyberpunk 2077 universe. :) Possibly hundreds! Looking forward to the expansion, Phantom Liberty. I hear its size will be in between The Witcher 3's Hearts of Stone / Blood & Wine expansions. For the best news updates with perfect track record, I suggest Tyler McVicker, and Last Known Meal. Check them out on YouTube.

"A Thing of Beauty, I Know, Will Never Fade Away" - SAMURAI :')
 

N7Andy
72 products in account
210
93 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
181.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
From its very beginning Cyberpunk 2077 had to deal with expectations. Not all of them have been met, still CD Projekt RED has created a stunning video game. An immersive and stunningly crafted RPG, which has raised the bar for cinematic quality in open-world games.
But maybe rather than saying a pure "RPG" I want to say, it is more like an "Action-RPG" Because, the choices we make do not shape the world around us unlike most of the other RPGs on the market but ofcourse we, distribute the experience points we gain to our skills. Even in some tasks, we have the opportunity to persuade the other person just by speaking without any fight. Our choices determine the destiny of some people, yes. Also the background we choose at the beginning of the game change our character's dialogue options but still they are not strong enough and few to say Cyberpunk 2077 is a pure RPG.

So even though the RPG side is not as strong as its promised Cyberpunk is still a very solid and stunning game and I think this is more important thing. Just be aware of the bug issues though but they are not at the level of gamebreaking, like in the AC Valhalla for example. It's quite odd that nobody is mentioning about the serious bugs Valhalla had that causes you to close the game or restart the whole mission but everybody talks about the basic bugs in Cyberpunk like where your dong is clipping through your pants Even though one of the real problem is AI. Anyways... where were we.

I am addicted to this world and everything in it, it is a brutal, dirty, naughty, hyper capitalist world to live in. Cyberpunk mostly feels like a constant emotional elevator thanks to the writing and the dialogs in the quests. Those quests can be emotional, funny, dark, exciting, and sometimes all of those things at once. Every quest every mini side quest literally everything in this game has a background. I think that's one of the strongest and greatest part of this game. Even if you watch the news in a random TV you find in open world you will learn lots of stuff about the world you are living in and lots of references to our real life.

Rpg elements in character progression system is quite good. You can choose how you want to play the game. There are good quantity of builds that you can create. Most basic ones are stealth, melee, shotgun, rifle, handgun, hacker and so on. Those basic builds even branches off within itself so you can combine few things in your basic build as well. All of these builds are different from each other and to get maximum efficiency from your build all of them requires special items to build up. Thats why this might give you a reason to play the game again and you can make different choices in dialogs to see different results while you are playing again. Even though the choices you are going to make won't effect the core ending, at least you would be able to see what different things happens to some of the important characters or companies with this way.

There are five core endings, which include the secret ending. But for four of these endings, there's also one more choice you'll need to make, so there are various different outcomes to be had for each of them.

And before finishing this mini review I want to mention one more thing: I would like to give extra credits for this amazing Turkish translation. I don't know how the other tranlations were but if they are like the turkish one, then that would make the game even better.

Pros	Cons
Atmosphere and its mastered narration	AI is very weak
Perfect written characters and quests	Police system is crude
Character Progression System	Lots of bugs, but nothing gamebreaking
Variety of gameplay styles	No Transmog

Final Verdict: 8.5/10
 

Ajvar The Boneless
217 products in account
11
432 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
644.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2021
I am very happy to give the thumbs up on this game on steam. While I feel really bad for everyone on console, the PC version was doing really well for me. I started playing from 1.06 on and I have been ever since mesmerized with the game, dumping over 320 hours in it since 15.01. and thoroughly enjoying the experience, the city, the story, the character builds and the branching choices and opportunities.

The Good:

1. The Story and quests - the story is beautifully crafted, believable and wonderfully cyberpunk. Be it in the main story, or the side quests, all of the dialogue is polished and thoroughly enjoyable. The game has 3 different starts (nomad, street kid, corpo-rat), 4 different gender-specific romance options and 2 additional ones (each and every single one coming with a beautifully crafted and believable story) and 5 different endings to explore that shouldn't be rushed and explored over multiple playthroughs. I'm going to go out on a limb and say, do the Bill Jablonsky quest. You will not be disappointed.

2. The overall city life experience - I felt that the city is believable and it was so much fun stumbling upon all kinds of events all over the districts. Sometimes the janky driving can actually deprive you from finding some real cool art, loot, character lines, etc. that the developers have so lovingly and cleverly put in the game. While I would agree that there are things missing (wasting money in casinos, slots, etc. - there are such locations in the game), I personally never cared about these activities.

3. The combat - the first person experience is amazing. It is difficult enough to keep you occupied, but also not too punishing, especially as you start learning how to use your chosen build's strengths properly. As I have tested it myself from start to finish over these 320 hours, every build is viable and works - from full on get in their faces to picking enemies from distance with snipers and hacks - it is all very enjoyable. Admittedly, some Weapon/perk combinations work better than others, but as this is an RPG, it has to cater to multiple playstyles and playthroughs - and I can tell you, it does.

4. Weapons - this deserves a separate point, as there are no useless weapons in the game and cater to every possible option a player might desire - close combat to long distance sniping. Every weapon can be accommodated in a build and a specific playstyle. Get in their face with bats, katanas, mantis blades or guerilla arms; get in close range with shotguns, pistols, the monowire; be a true soldier behind cover utilizing submachine guns or assault rifles; or just go the sneaky long range sniper route and combine them with silenced weapons to take out enemies from stealth. The variety is great, and the additional weapon variations (power for ricochets, tech for wall penetration and charging for more damage, and smart for no brain aiming while negating enemy's armor) work well towards creating the character that you want.

5. The Music - damn if it isn't damn near perfect, it thoroughly deserves the double damn in this sentence (which became a triple damn, and in the brackets, a quadruple damn and with this damn... quintuple...). I listen to some of the tracks almost every day because they are so amazing. Some are good for pumping up, some are chill but they will satisfy fans of almost every genre - from techno and pop to throat-bursting metal. And of course, you can choose which radio station to play based on your mood!

All those 5 points are more than enough to create a good open world game to explore and feel sufficiently engaged for many, many hours.

The BAD:

1. Bugs - let's just get this out of the way and be done with it. Even as of v1.12, there are multiple issues that, at least on PC, thankfully don't take that much out of the experience.

2. Missed opportunities - the building blocks for multiple random activities are present, but not implemented, pretty much like in a live service game - ergo, we may or may not see it. There is the opportunity for gambling (casinos, pachinko), playing various mini-games, and various others, but they are simply not implemented. It's clear that the devs thought of adding it, but it was pushed back in the development cycle in favor of more important things.

3. The driving - janky at best and you may be stuck in traffic way too often. While the devs really tried to add realism by having heavy traffic between 6 and 9 and 16 and 19, sometimes it clogs up the engine and creates way too many roadblocks (including cars stuck in one place for no reason). While you can roleplay and say that that guy's car just broke down, if you are in a quest that requires driving or chasing enemies... that is way too irritating. Most of the time the best vehicle you can use is a motorcycle to avoid said problems.

4. The police system - it is clearly rudimentary, pushed back in the development process and not properly implemented, simply teleporting police officers in your vicinity, including in closed rooms. Nope. Bad development work on this one. Just nope!

5. The 3 different starts - nomad, street kid and corpo could have had more impact than just 1 measly side quest at a certain point of the game. I really hoped for more quests based on it, and not just random lines in dialogue that sometimes amount to nothing. Based on dialogue alone, corpo is the best starting option, as that life path really allows you to deal with multiple problems.

Conclusion:

I had and still am having a blast with this game, over 300 hours in. I always want to double or triple my cash investment in game hours, and in Cyberpunk 2077 I can see myself dumping over 600 hours exploring, testing various character builds, and even more with the free DLCs that are coming. I can only hope the game will get better and better from now on. Once again, I am very sorry for my friends on console, but... I have a PC, I bought the game on PC and I need to judge it as I experienced it on PC, which started from a 7/10 on patch 1.06 and is now sitting on a
very solid 9/10
since patch 1.11. I am positive that with the right additions and DLCs, CDPR will get this game into 10/10 status.

Follow Masafors Group of Friends, if you want to read more reviews like this one in English, German, French or Belgian Dutch.
 

DG Dobrev
622 products in account
66
310 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 9

Not Recommended
95.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Tldr: If you hate levelgating, don't consider this game yet.

Most of this game is actually worth playing, but they used a levelgating system. In a very bad way.

Once you get to the end of the 1st act, you won't be able to experience the story without grinding out levels (not items, levels). There's a point in the game where you can use a super high powered charge sniper rifle, and you don't even one shot unarmored human enemies with full charge headshots.

That is my only problem with the game, and many games have destroyed themselves by using this formula. The assassins creed series has fundamentally been degraded strictly because of the levelgating formula they adopted, and that feeling is present here. Levelgating in a story heavy game is very detrimental to the experience, it takes away from your feeling of being skilled because an arbitrary number says you can't win this fight yet.

If you're looking for a recommendation on whether or not you should purchase this game, you shouldn't. Not right now. Wait for these problems to be addressed.

Post Game Edit:

Now that I've completed the game, I can see why they wanted to inhibit the player from powering through it. Without spoiling anything, the quality of ending you get is dependent on how many of those "side jobs" you do. As I mentioned however I have a personal vendetta against levelgating, and this reason doesn't excuse it.
 

Arctic
408 products in account
0
216 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
213.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 1
may have been bad once at the start, but now it's an awesome game in my opinion :)
 

Wraven
133 products in account
0
380 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
Bugs, bad performance, bad AI, unfinished

There is a good game underneath all that, but just get it half a year to a year from now when it will likely be fixed and finished.
 

Anjo
125 products in account
14
72 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
CyberBugs 2077
 

Fox
210 products in account
0
82 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
137.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2021
This game was, without question, released in an 'alpha' state.

Despite being blatantly unfinished and technically inferior to GTA, Cyberpunk 2077 oozes atmosphere and it's why I'm sad to leave Night City after 135 hours of play and all 44 achievements unlocked.

I'm looking forward to future DLC ... and the promised fixes.

CDPR ... please give me a reason to return!
 

Bongo
129 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
66.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
Didn't finish the game yet, but after 17h I can say for sure this one is already a cult classic, and just like with other classics, no one will be talking of the bugs and small discrepancies in 10 years, only of how you should have been there to see it, play it. Yes, it's just a game, there's so many things we could imagine and maybe one day get to play in a better way, but altogether it's not even close to bad like some people are screaming and atmosphere you get when you scratch the surface a bit deeper is amazing. Reminds me, in a way, of VtM: Bloodlines... and that's a good thing, even if it took mods and community patches to get that one into shape. That said, I've personally experienced only some minor glitches so far, even if I've heard from other people they were not so lucky.

 

NB264
2,573 products in account
0
123 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2021
Aside from the bugs and driving, I actually enjoyed the game. Since it is a story driven game where you have to complete certain side-quests to unlock different endings, I have to say it is well written with interesting character development. Especially when you have Keanu Reeves constantly showing up and giving you feedback.

Now, when I say bugs in the game it doesn't mean it's unplayable. Its just annoying and sometimes hilarious. If you can ignore those and just enjoy the game, there is plenty to like. The graphics is great (especially with Ray Tracing), the leveling is also quite helpful in certain situations, and the stories are varied even if some of em are repetitive but it's an open world game what did you expect? The game play is also good and smooth, but there isn't anything groundbreaking or new. And don't bother to buy any cars since driving is quite awful, I just use the fast travel system.

All in all, I think they did miss on what was promised as a game and hyped it up a lot. But this isn't as bad as No Man's Sky and it's still a decent triple A game with a lot more fixes to be done. If you haven't bought the game, I would recommend waiting for them to release more patches or when they have discounts. Who knows, they might throw in some extra content to entice you.
 

francisdarmawan
302 products in account
1
157 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
106.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2021
What originally set out to be an open world rpg with loads of announced & promised next gen tech, ended up being a super linear 10 hour long repetitive mess. It's about to be a year since release and they've only got this game to "playable", just by fixing critical ♥♥♥♥ ups, but the original de-tastified experience is still the core of the game, and there's definitely no fix for that. Once you're done with the story, night city will offer nothing you haven't done during the story.

The fun part is that you still get to see all this game could've been every once in a while, because they cut the content without removing the assets. You see tuned cars, railways, subway stations, faction headquarters, and so much more, that just isn't interactable anymore.
 

Wolf.-
584 products in account
0
528 people found this review helpful
40 people found this review funny 45

Recommended
153.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2021
At this point hating cyberpunk is a bandwagon, if you meet the requirements of the game, the game at this version plays very well on PC.
The bugs weren't even as numerous as other AAA games at this point.
The storyline and gameplay are great. I look forward to them expanding the game.
 

Raison
426 products in account
28
448 people found this review helpful
42 people found this review funny 25

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Recommended PC specs on the Cyberpunk store page suggests that I should be getting a "good" experience with my i7 4770k / 16GB / 1080Ti. This is apparently what the developers recommends to play the game?!?

Well on my PC this is a very, very poor experience.

First run, the game sets me to Ultra settings loading into the first section with an impressive 6-8fps. Jump out to the options and set everything to Low and still only get around 30-50fps. There does not seem to be further options to disable things like AA so I can't test any lower settings to where the game is smooth. Setting lower resolutions only results in stretched images as they do not maintain perspective on resolution change nor does DSR seem to be supported supported. Explicitly setting exe profile in Nvidia Control Panel makes no difference either.

After another driver reinstall, system restart and setting the textures to Low as well now (prior to loading into the game, since they cannot be changed once in a game :/) I can get around 50-60fps, yet the entire experience feels super laggy still. Mouse movement is delayed or something else causing latency, even after disabling auto-aiming and trying a higher response rate on mouse. Just walking around the bar area at the start feels like my balance is off.

Recommended settings? .. No, I don't think so

Bare minimum settings? .. Perhaps, if you don't care if your game is responsive or not.

An extremely disappointing experience that is just not enjoyable to play in the current state. Expected this to be a lot better after the long time spent in development.
 

Aussiedroid
1,253 products in account
0
540 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 35

Not Recommended
102.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2021
Cyberpunk 2077 is an ok'ish game but poor RPG. And certainly not "a next generation of open world adventure", quite behind the competition actually. Story and characters are the highlight of this title. If you stick to the main quest and scripted content you can actually get immersed for a bit before the game kicks you out from this oblivious state with bugs, bad design and poor technical state of open world. You get 3 lifepaths which are short and matter little. Endings are 5 afaik. 2 are always on the table, 2 you get from side quest and one you get if you are nice enough to Johnny. What happens at the end you decide in one conversation :) So, I dare to say this game is pretty linear.

World building is questionable. One of trailers highlighted gangs of the Night City. Do they matter? Do they give quest? Nope. Just targets for your guns. Kill 100 and they won't mind. Another highlighted NetWatch and the danger of pissing them off. You can also scrap that. They and the Voodoo Boys are in one mission and it doesn't matter who you kill and you can kill both. Trauma Team? They never drop by for the people you try to flatline. They do sometimes show up around a city which is nice. Perhaps Militech? The biggest foe of Arasaka also largely opts out of the game. Only Aldecaldos are fleshed out.

Quality side missions are far and few between. Most of them are extremely boring (kill X, grab Y, release Z) with no story and rarely extend beyond one location. Missions where you have any branching choices are like... two? By sheer coincidence the more fleshed ones were showcased before the release. I tried to do them all but at one point I simply had enough and decided to go for the ending. That said good stuff do exist, it is just very hard to find it on the map. Few examples. Repenting murderer is probably something people mention a lot. Another one is the search for Swedenborg-Rivera - very cheeky, my favorite. Both of them have no actual combat which is rare. Then there is a side story related to Jefferson Peralez which presents interesting conspiracy to work through but unfortunately does not give player any payoff and just leaves things hanging. Searching for detective Ward's nephew was also an impressive quest.

AI in Cyberpunk 2077 is more A than I. Enemies behave poorly during combat. NPCs are just weirdly behaving background. Vehicles do not know what to do with themselves and, outside of the scripted content, player is the only person to ride a bike. Because AI is what it is wanted system is extremely simplistic as well. Badges just teleport behind your back and engage immediately. They do not give chase, do not ride cars, do not drop from AVs. Also far cry from corrupt police sending "powerful people" after the player which was promised.

Shooting is kind of fun, although you get very powerful, very quickly. Most of engagements offer very little in terms of targets. Usually like 5-6 hostiles max. The best mission in this regard is the infiltration of Arasaka's warehouse. We have large space to work with, lots of enemies and even a mech to shoot at :) I didn't try hard to melee but I had gorilla arms and it was fun to use them from time to time. Without committing yourself to certain perks you can die easily in a world where most enemies prefer to shoot.

UI is Rockstar level bad. Wanna quickly check the map? Click M. Wanna go back to the game? M again? No! ESC. Twice! Minimap does not zoom out during driving therefor at high speeds you get your directions way too late. You can craft ammo in the game. But nowhere in the crafting menu you can see how much ammo do you have and how much you are crafting. You can push a button to answer calls... but if you don't the game answers calls anyway! xD Sometimes during other missions and/or conversations. My V had conversation with Judy while simultaneously talking to Delamain and with Goro while talking to detective Ward. And for the love of god, Regina, please stop harassing me with your calls. You have missions to acquire new means of transportation. Nothing exciting, you got to place X, pay for the car or bike and there you go. But in the mission menu you cannot see how all of that junk looks like. You have to go to another menu and find text message from your fixer. And so on.

Last thing. It is one of the most visually impressive games released so far.

It is clear now why there was so precious little gameplay before the release and what we have seen was carefully edited. Clearly, large amounts of tomfoolery were flying behind the scene. Some day we will read a nice article about it.

Do I recommend it? For the price, no! Wait and buy with a discount. By that time most bugs will be fixed. Unfortunately game will never be what was promised but at least it will be a decent experience.
 

RED
894 products in account
35
281 people found this review helpful
111 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
248.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
CDPR stop being a coward and let people climb Viktor and Takemura!
 

Shui
787 products in account
0
568 people found this review helpful
1,497 people found this review funny 84

Recommended
695.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2021
I wish I had Johnny in my head to keep me company
 

e
1,089 products in account
0
876 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 41

Not Recommended
60.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
Not a masterpiece, far from it. Not an unplayable mess either.

There seems to be two things mainly irritating people, the bugs and performance. You need a good rig to play it, sadly they've lied about the specs, so don't trust them (I play on a RTX 3070, runs fine). Bugs are plentiful, but i haven't had any problems with them really.

Saying it's bad would seem like lying to myself, as I've played it for 20 hours in the short time it has been out. However it is a disappointment, and it feels like so much wasted potential. They've tried to pull off so many things at the same time game-play wise, but it ended up all just being above average. If they had just delayed the game indefinitely at the very start, and released it when it was truly ready, we'd probably all have been better off.

The best part of the game is the very alive conversation, the first person view approach coupled with amazing animations make talking to the NPCs quite cool. However outside of quests the world falls kind of short, here it feels like they really could've picked up some inspiration from a game like RDR2. Little things, like ordering a shot at a bar and seeing your character do it isn't there. Instead you just get thrown into a buy menu with alcohol. This isn't bad, but it's more of an RPG experience than the "immersive" cyberpunk game they were selling. To take this example further it makes the bars a place to go to pickup short buffs, not a nice place to visit just because. Exactly this feeling gets repeated in other things, like food stalls and such.

I had expected Witcher-esk RPG elements in the combat, items and leveling, not the city. It looks to me as they were quite torn in whether they would focus on making an RPG or an immersive cyberpunk game, a good example would be clothing. Instead of making it more of a cosmetic aspect, or a game-play influencing part where stats mattered, they mixed it. So... there are loads of pretty cheap but random pieces of clothing at a store, and they nearly all have one stat: armor. It kind of brings out the worst in both options. You'll have a headache if you're going for style, as you'll try to balance a theme and actual good armor rating. And on the other hand "min/maxing" or putting on the piece of equipment with the highest armor stat is just a bit plain, and not at all as cool as other RPGs where you can really feel the impact of what you wear.

All in all, it feels like a game that lacks a true identity, or at least tries to be many things but doesn't perfectly score at anything. Is it worth the price? not really, wait until things get fixed and it'll be a pretty okay game worth buying. But it probably won't ever be the masterpiece so many people anticipated.
 

Lange
264 products in account
52
58 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
83.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
Release the game when it's ready, not when rambling children demands it
 

leo
589 products in account
0
259 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2021
Even with the games flaws, it's a good game to play and I would recommend this to anyone who likes shooters in sci-fi.
 

Mar044
906 products in account
0
229 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 9

Not Recommended
159.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2021
Pretty world with nothing to do. All the hype and marketing were false, it isn't immersive, the story is linear, your choices don't matter, and you can hardly customize anything.
 

OKKIW
95 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
107.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2021
Really fun game. Great graphics and storyline. Will play again! 8/10

Oh yeah my only suggestion is there should be a gps or something in the car that tells you when you need to make a right or left because I was more focused on the map in top right corner than looking around at the city while driving.
 

acupates
27 products in account
4
504 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 42

Not Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
It's......I wish I could be positive, I really do. Love the cyberpunk setting, and it feels like it could have been such a good game. It's just....disappointing. I'm not even talking bugs, which aren't really a big issue on PC (though I did have a conversation with a headless torso at one point).

There's no faction reputation system, or even personal reputation. There're less RPG elements than in games like Fallout 4 that got derided for their RPG system. The loot system is just pathetic, with more medical items than you could ever hope to use even on the hardest difficulty and an ocean of loot so forgettable you forget about it as soon as you pick it up. Police literally just spawn in beside you when a crime is committed; no need for a witness or anything, you can be at the top of a building and suddenly they're there. 95% of all the doors are just for show. Outside of story missions there's just nothing. The world feels hollow.

Mechanically, the AI is terrible and the combat system is surprisingly weak. The stealth system is just tacked on and feels half-finished. Gunplay is atrocious, melee is literally a case of "walk up and spam left-click" that feels shallower even than vanilla Skyrim. Hacking, which is part of the charm of similarly set games like Shadowrun, is nothing more than a menu where you can you can tag enemies or cause some minor status effects. More than anything it resembles a simpler version of the remote control drones from TC: Ghost Recon, except without any movement or anything distinctive. The minigame used for breach protocol or access points is both easy and generic, especially compared again to games like Shadowrun (even worse when considering the Shadowrun games were made by a studio with a fraction of CDPR's resources) that employed similar types of hacking minigames.

Honestly, they could rescue this. Witcher proves they can make better AI and combat than this, a better open world than this, better quests than this. As it is though, it's just too disappointing to recommend.
 

A6M Zero
850 products in account
44
568 people found this review helpful
144 people found this review funny 48

Recommended
93.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
88 Hours since release. And i've played the game for 53 hours. My eyes are bleeding, but i've never experienced happiness like this before.

EDIT: After 85 Hours played on launch week i've finished the main story aswell as all the side quests in the game. All in all the story was good. Personally i think the big side quests, Judy, Panam and River questlines were better than most of the story. Although the ending with the Aldecaldos were really good. I experienced very minor bugs throughout my 85 hours with the worst one being Mitch voicelines were silent for 1 mission and body i carried sometimes exploded. Enjoyed the game a lot.
 

fall
608 products in account
22
341 people found this review helpful
123 people found this review funny 15

Recommended
56.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2021
Overhyped, buggy, glitchy, flawed, rushed, unpolished, unfinished. Would definitely recommend.

On the positive side, despite the rough launch, there wasn't anything game-breaking on PC. It ran well for me, and most of the bugs were either barely noticeable or easily ignored. Cyberpunk isn't and will never be a perfect, breathtaking game. But it sure is a beautiful one. It's one of the better and more memorable single-player experiences in recent years.

 

MighTy
2,073 products in account
4
36 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
147.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Cyberbugs 2077

It has its pros:
-The history and characters are memorable
-Its cool to just sit there and watch the city
-References to other games, series, or movies and that kind of stuff
-Photo mode
-Really nice ost
-Delamain
-The designs of a lot of weapons and cars are really cool


And of course, the cons:
-Runs really bad (but i cant say a lot about this because i have a low end pc)
-The combat is janky
-The crunch.
-Even butthesda makes games with less bugs
-Most of the perks are just "% of something increased" (there are exceptions, obviously)
-Oh did you just run 11 people with your car? like the police would care
-The IA, it´s just not the smartest
-Smart weapons just make me remember my titanfall 2 ptsd´s

But with all of those things the game is still really fun and can give you a lot play time, but wait for some patches and then maybe buy it.
If you disagree with my dumb review feel free to tell me how stupid i am, thanks for reading (or not) this.

Have a nice (life) day.

Never fade away best song btw
 

PanConAjo
237 products in account
5
328 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
38.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2020
9 Hours without a Break :D i can say this Game is Amazing! beautiful Graphic, big World, many lovely Details, good Story (so far) and more... but it still needs some fixxes (Graphic bugs, Npc Bugs)


𝑶𝒖𝒕𝒃𝒂𝒄𝒌 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: CorZ
 

CorZ
341 products in account
9
128 people found this review helpful
84 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
good if u have a nasa computer
 

MAGALI
103 products in account
3
36 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
182.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
2077
People have played this game
 

Y
2,892 products in account
1
154 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 22

Recommended
45.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2020
Night City is a city of dreams and I’m a big dreamer

Who can forget the “Bullets” teaser, right? 8 years have passed since that moment and a lot of things have happened since then for a lot of us, life has changed, games have been released and expectations for this games were as high as you can image, the moment has come and so the people, Cyberpunk 2077 has been not only the fastest selling PC release ever but also the biggest single player CCU peak of Steam and probably the biggest release of the year in general, so the question is, did the game deliver? Let’s see what I think about it.

We are V, our past changes our path, our future is up to us to decide but our objective is clear, as a mercenary looking for our big opportunity to become a legend in Night City, one of the latest Megalopolis that exist in the US, we will do whatever it takes to get the job done.

One day our big opportunity comes, a risky but well planned contract, a hit that will shake Arasaka. Preparations go well and the mission too but something unexpected happens and changes everything, this is now a much serious business. After this job nothing will be the same, not only for those around you and Night City itself, but also for you, this job triggered a race against time to uncover a conspiracy and save your own life. The question is, will you follow your own path or will you listen to the voices of the past?

Main story is really great, in general I felt the pace was correct and long enough to not feel excessively long. Main story is important but don’t forget about the Gigs but more importantly side-quest lines, not only they are amazingly well written they also have amazing characters, situations and special dialogs, a big part of my time has been spent in this kind of activities, each character has an special line you should follow but the outcome is always the same, no matter what happens, Night city always destroy those who matter to you.

Sidequests are full of Love, hate, sadness, despair, joy, all the feeling spectrum is present and some moments will hit as hard as a rock in this dense but obscure world which I’m going to be talking about right now.

The world is a very different place in 2077, multiple armed conflicts have torn the land apart, mega-corporations control everything and Night City is one of the latest megalopolis in the US; Cultures from all over the globe and their respective perspectives of religion, tradition or language merge with an aggressive, violent and sexualized publicity designed for an extreme consumerism, in this society there are no limits, rules are different and while every area is distinctive and unique, the same kind of marketing will pop-up everywhere.

Speaking of distinctive areas, Night City sure is a diverse environment, separated in 5 main districts and 17 inner districts within the city you will see a lot of cultural changes from one side of the river to the other.

Not only the cultural roots are different (American, different Asian cultures, Hispanic, Haitian, African, etc…) but also the gangs, fixers and even the technology present in such areas, for example, the vehicles, each are has an economical level, a gang or two with their own behaviour conduct and Fixers with their own rules, not just that but the architectural style will also be completely different, from the almost dystopian brutalism of the mega-complex from Arasaka or Militech at Corp Plaza to the more traditional Japanese architecture that fuses with neon and holograms in Japantown, while all the city follows a very specific trend of architectural futurism there are traces of their own cultural roots within the areas in which I include the Badlands even if they are not part of Night city per say.

All this world is visually beautiful and immersive, from the dense and crawled streets of the city to the vast desert of the badlands that await outside the city, I think I’m not alone here if I say that is probably one of the most visually spectacular games I have ever seen, not only in terms of fidelity to the future style but also graphically.

The amount of effects present here is stunning, the lights, the holograms, the smog, everything helps a lot to get you immersed in this dystopian chaos that is 2077, it feels coherent and credible, not realistic as I would say in my first thought. If there is a Raytracing’s benchmark, this is it, I can’t think of a better game that will showcase the potential of real time light effects than this, not only because of the light sources but also the climatic conditions, weather sure affects visually the scene.

What about sound? Absolutely great and much like visuals it does a lot to the immersion; The streets, the announcements, the flying ships, traffic, gunshots even the silence of the countryside, all the technical elements are high-quality and damn god, I enjoyed this work a lot, the voice work of the staff? Superb.

Game is an absolute beast when it comes to both technical aspects and story content, but what about the gameplay loop? Does it stand a chance?

Well, we must keep in mind that the game has multiple loops so I will try to keep it as simple as possible.

Combat is in my honest opinion a mix bag, gunplay is not bad but it is clear that is not a top notch system, same goes to melee combat, while it doesn’t feel bad, it feels a bit off however it’s nothing too worrying that gets you out of the experience or at least it hasn’t been the case for me. Hacking on the other hand feels interesting, like a mix between Watch_Dogs and Deus Ex, hacking combined with Stealth is actually a really interesting way of approaching conflicts, in fact it is my preferred way of doing my objectives so in this aspect the system is well done and functional.

Using augmentations changes the main gameplay loop by giving you options, some feel really great like the double jump or the movement agility but some like the mantis swords feel off inevitably by how the melee combat system is designed, let me be clear here, it is functional, just nothing out of the ordinary.

Driving is kind of a mix bag because each car has different statistics like weight and speed and that is clearly reflected in the way you drive and maneuver, however, while cars feel good, motorcycles were kind of tricky or at the very least I didn’t get the touch.

Said this I think it’s time to talk about the performance and the elephant in the room, the glitches and bugs.

At the moment of this review I have played around 40 hours and I have encountered mostly small bugs, nothing worrying like some floating objects, a few weird animations in cinematics and that would be it, as a major bug, at the very beginning of my adventure, the save file got corrupted and had to load an earlier save point, just once, aside from that, nothing happened but I’m well aware that this is not the situation for a lot of people, even tho on PC the game is running way better than on consoles that doesn’t mean it’s bug free and unfortunately that smashed the a lot of people’s expectations for this game.

Game is also a juggernaut when it comes to requirements, running with a 3080 and an i7-7700k I can say that I’m quite happy how it is running in my rig, however be warned, this is a very demanding game that requires a beefy system, it is beautiful and superb when it comes to visuals but visual fidelity comes with a price.

In conclusion, Cyberpunk 2077 was what I expected and it delivered, I found an exotic and vibrant world to explore with amazing stories to enjoy, one of my favorite games of the year without any doubt and while 2077’s release has been a troubled one due to a multitude of things, I think the final result is very well worth your time, in fact I absolutely recommend this game for everyone, but I also recommend to be cautious for the technical problems and the requirements.

I seriously hope you enjoy it as much as I did, wonderful game. Recommended.
 

Geekydeval
1,196 products in account
0
117 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
57.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 2
Don't expect content four times as good as The Witcher 3 because it had four times the budget. Expect less content at a lower quality, just with really good visuals.
 

a flashlight with dead batteries
45 products in account
0
774 people found this review helpful
468 people found this review funny 155

Recommended
61.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
boobies
 

geico
24 products in account
0
936 people found this review helpful
61 people found this review funny 87

Not Recommended
93.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 27
This game feels incomplete, rushed to launch and cut short on content.
Finished the game and all gigs on the highest difficulty and still unable to unlock the latest Perks.

I really hope the next update will start adding substantial amount of missing content, and not just be another "bugfix" patch. It's been more than a year since the game come out. I refuse to believe your team spent over a year just fixing bugs. That would be embarrassing.

We want more interactivity, more customization (hair salons, plastic surgery), better AI, better police (car chases), expanded romances, with options to actually interact with them at our apartment and in the city. Why can't we invite the romance option to our apartment to shag? Or kiss them or hug them or do ANYTHING with them after their quests are completed!? They all just stay in their apartment or camp, and repeat the same few lines of dialogue. Give us a more interactive Night City. Let us actually sit and order food at restaurants with animations... you know, like those that ALREADY exist in the game. Let us go to night clubs and sit and have a drink, let us interact with dancers at strip clubs. Let us have those one night stands you talked about years ago and showed in the E3 gameplay reveal. Let us interact with furniture more. Let us sit on chairs, benches, let us lie on our bed without having to go to sleep. Give us a lot more MEANINGFUL side quests, with branching stories and the ability for us, the player, to influence the direction of those stories, and fewer boring "gigs", the ability to purchase more apartments etc etc etc.

Next, do SOMETHING to fix the HORRIBLE pacing and the irritating sense of urgency.

After the mission to rescue Sandra, have Jackie just text us the next morning telling us that he returned the car to us, and then just let the player decide when they want to call Jackie. Maybe I don't want to meet him the very next morning. Maybe I want to explore that first part of the city for a few days, and then call Jackie after like a week. This leads me to my next point:

LET US REFUSE TO ANSWER PHONE CALLS! What's the point of giving us the 'answer' button, when we MUST answer each time!? Let us refuse phone calls, and then later call the NPC at OUR convenience.
Have the NPC/Companion/Fixer etc. call us, and if we refuse, they can just send us a short message saying "Call me back when you have the time." Maybe I want to call them in 2 days. This would fix A LOT of pacing issues, and not make the player feel so stressed out, like they always have to rush and do these jobs quickly.

I was barely able to explore the city, without feeling stressed out, because I had these urgent jobs and the YOU KNOW WHAT from the main quest always pressuring me. Like, I never felt right just exploring, knowing what was happening to V. I knew that I should not be prancing around a beach, when I had the URGENT main quest to do. Ignoring it felt stupid.

Next, fix the way we interact with Johnny. After that first night when he reveals himself to us all angry, he and the player are in A REALLY bad relationship, right? So, then the very next morning we get a phone call from Goro to meet him at that diner. If we go there, the convo we have with Johnny flows natural and V is angry and mistrustful towards him. However, we also get a call from Delamain that same morning to go get our car. So, if we go do that first, V talks to Johnny like they are already friends, which is super immersion breaking. Fix that somehow. Let Johhny start appearing only after we've done the first few main quest missions or something.

Also, I don't know if it's just me, but the journal in this game is terrible. It's close to being useless. Like, most of the time it doesn't even tell you what the mission is, who gave it to you, or why you need to do something. It just has some clever little monologue by Jackie or Johnny. So, if you decided to leave some mission for later, then, when you finally decide to do it, but you've forgotten what it was about, chances are that the journal will tell you nothing useful. Rewrite that, if you can.

Man, I could rant for hours. Oh yeah, expand on those few endings that are such obvious cliffhangers. Give us at least ONE good one. Man.
 

12345
70 products in account
0
360 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 18

Recommended
149.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2021
Cyberpunk 2077 is a deeply flawed game with not a whole lot of depth with tons of missing or unfinished systems and still somehow kind of interesting and fun to play. I didn't really play the Witcher games aside from idling for the Steam cards but I have played pretty much every Fallout game to completion besides Tactics, BOS and '76, as well as all the Deus Ex games and Alpha Protocol so I feel like I'm pretty well versed in the the type of game this was trying to be. I'll say right away, this ain't it. It tries to be it, in some spots, but it fails even by the standard that the original Deus Ex set 20 years ago.

Keen observers - or anyone who followed the heavy marketing blitz - will note that the game's own copy no longer calls it an RPG. It *kind of* is one: it has skill trees and you can make builds, and there are definitely choices you can make and there are pitfalls/trap skills (this mostly has to do with skills that plain do not work rather than useless skills like Deus Ex's swimming though something similar is present). However these choices are pretty limited. A running joke is how these sorts of games will provide you with a door to break open, a computer to hack or a vent to crawl through as gameplay choices. Cyberpunk often reduces further to "door you open with Technical Ability" versus "door you force open because you are Strong enough". Hacking has combat applications but I rarely found it helpful as a progression tool; I mainly used it as a source of making money.

There are a variety of combat systems and while I found the melee to be too clunky and imprecise, the shooting is competent enough and you can make a variety of extremely broken shooty builds. I eventually settled on a shotgunner build that had a ton of speed bonuses stacked that also gave bonus damage for maximum hilarity. You can invest heavily in tech weapons that pierce walls or homing weapons that do less damage but fire seeking bullets, or just straight up become full hacker dude and kill everything from a computer interface outside of any given combat area.

Cyberpunk includes a very terrible attempt at a loot game style itemization. Items have rarity and stats based on rarity, but it doesn't do the sensible thing of gating item rarity by level so you can very well find a low level Legendary gun that becomes useless very early on along with level capped white or green items. The even more sensible thing would be to not have this sort of dumb itemization in the first place. You can bypass this sytem with crafting, which, mind bogglingly, has a whole tree tied to it. The game is never really hard enough that you need to invest in crafting, but going deep in it fundamentally upends the economy and further trivializes difficulty. It is also the only way you can make use of some of the game's rewards; often your reward for exploring somewhere is a legendary blueprint that you cannot do anything with without a nearly maxed out crafting tree.

So it's kind of not great as an RPG, but Cyberpunk also advertises itself as "the next generation of open world gaming" and that might be even more laughable. Night City is large, sure, and it's pretty well designed and vibrant but also completely dead. NPCs and vehicles are basically animated props with no real AI and spawn/despawn based on line of sight and the police/wanted system is so non-functional it makes you wonder why it's even there. Aside from the icons that litter your map there's very little to find/explore and even by that standard it's worse than your average Ubisoft factory slurry game.

I've basically spent hundreds of words saying why this game sucks, but I'm still sorta recommending it because I enjoyed a lot of the quests and the main quest, while deeply flawed like so much of this game, was intriguing enough. A lot of the game's main characters are pretty well fleshed out. As far as story choices go, this game fails to deliver even on the illusion of choice. I'm not expecting Alpha Protocol levels of reactivity here across a 100 hour game but it can't even achieve the level of a Mass Effect "you get a different email based on how this quest finished 20 hours ago". Hell even during most quests or quest chains you will rarely be presented with a story choice or a way to affect how things play out; most of what is actually possible to change was showed off in E3 demos years ago and is almost entirely frontloaded in the first act. I will at least give them credit for having the ending missions and cinematics that diverge quite drastically and do change based on what sidequests you did.

I didn't encounter too many bugs, and almost all of the ones I did were weird clipping issues/T posing etc that would get fixed by quickly reloading my last save. Saving is quick and easy and the game also autosaves often, thankfully. Had quite a few crashes but those mainly happened during loading screens or when the game decides it doesn't like when I Alt-Tab.

If you kind of remove it from the absurd marketing hype, Cyberpunk is kind of okay? It was interesting enough for me to finish at least. I would wait for a sale; if you own and haven't played any Fallout or Deus Ex games play those first especially if it's New Vegas or the original Deus Ex/Human Revolution. Supposedly CDPR might revamp this game further down the line but I think too many of its features and systems are broken as is to really expect much and they have said themselves their focus is fixing the console versions rather than addressing any systemic design issues.
 

UnknownMerc
870 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Don't get me wrong, this game has serious potential.. but..

Cyberpunk 2077 was not ready for release. Period. I have no doubt CD Projekt Red will churn out a patch that'll fix the issues a lot of us are having as soon as they can. And once they have, I will gladly change my rating. I don't have any issues with the core of the game itself as of now. The characters were great, the setting was interesting, gameplay and so on and so on.

But the bugs.. I've never, in my history of playing large scope games on release, seen something quite this bad. With maybe the exception of bad PC ports. You simply cannot walk five feet without something breaking or ruining your immersion. From characters, vehicles, and props sliding into existence through walls and terrain. Or watching a vehicle appear out of nowhere, looking like playdough. Audio errors, such as weapon sounds or dialogue not playing. No UI feedback in combat. Horrible lip de-syncing, sometimes not even moving their mouth at all. Terrible performance, despite having specs higher than "recommended", and being up to date on drivers. Getting stuck in a death loop. Crashing to desktop (Although I haven't experience that too much compared to the others). Floating props. Loot & interactable objects just "not existing" i.e. Won't let me interact with. The list goes on, and on.

I'm not going to ask for a refund, because I'm confident in CD Projekt Red's abilities. I know they can do this. I really do. But right now, incase you haven't purchased the game yet, hold onto your cash for a little while. Wait for them to fix these issues. I myself, will hold off on playing this for now. I'll come back at a later date.

Disclaimers:
- I am not generally a fan of the Cyberpunk genre, nor did I follow 2077's development until this year. I'm unbiased in my judgement.
- There's no hard feelings. I'm just disappointed.

 

🌸 [WC]~Tigerfrost~! 🌸
1,544 products in account
7
60 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
147.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 8
Wake the f*** up samurai ! We have a city to burn...
 

Falco
51 products in account
12
20 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
90.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
game looks very good, plays 50-60 fps on 1070 on medium

the world is fantastic, the story is great, I had almost no bugs, but the AI is quite poor
 

Annoyer13
4,087 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
181.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2021
If you look past the bugs (which at least in my case are mostly graphical, aside from like one quest per character), the game is very enjoyable, has a good story, decent combat and skill trees and hours of content.

Only real complaints are that the difficulties are too easy (easy mode is literal baby mode and very hard feels like normal) and that a lot of the loot is really forgettable.
 

Vesu102
122 products in account
1
774 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 19

Not Recommended
156.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
I would not recommend this atm.

Police and wanted system is broken in this game. Anytime you killed a civilian, a platoon literally spawns besides you out of thin air, making them impossible to fight. Yet, just go in a car and drove away, since for some reason, there's no police cars running around and chasing you. Enemies have levels and supposedly each areas have their own designated level ranges. You can have enemies on side jobs / objectives that are 20+ levels higher than you, and they will one-shot you, while you won't do any damage to them due to the level differences. Both of these breaks the immersion of open-world, since you're much more limited in where you can go and what you can do.

The 3 character background stories are not meaningful in any way, and after a short time, they all converged into the same path. Some of the dialog choices in the main missions don't actually have any different outcomes.

It's a shame because the world is beautiful and I like the concept of the game, yet as of this moment, Cyberpunk 2077 is all style and no substance.

-- The million dollar question --
Is the game fun? Yes, it is, but I would wait for a sale before buying it.
 

Xylonez
62 products in account
49
72 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
Game was obviously pushed out the door before it was ready. Constant visual bugs ruin critical, emotional story beats with accidental hilarity. Even when the bugs are fixed, the game is at its core mediocre. Skill trees are boring percentage increases with hacking being the only tree that offers truly unique upgrades, but the hacking playstyle is so boring that it's not worth perking into. The city has little going on to convince you to explore it; Almost everything you can do is marked on the map, so you'll fly right past any random scripted event that might be happening because they occur so rarely you'll just assume it's another one of the 3 points of interest you've seen repeated 50 times.

I went with a hacking playstyle on my playthrough, and it was some of the most boring combat I've ever experienced in a game like this. You either one-shot people from stealth, or you spend minutes at a time squatting behind a wall waiting for your RAM to recharge to slowly chip away at an enemy's healthbar because most of your RAM recharge is based off one-shotting enemies. Boss fights for hacking-focused builds are a true nightmare, as your largest damage increase comes from hacking enemies while undetected, and it is impossible to stealth through any boss fight (I had rendered the final boss of the game literally incapable of killing me, and it still took me almost five minutes after that to kill them by headshotting them with a sniper rifle 80ish times while hacking them on cooldown). I could go on for hours about how let down I was by the hacks available in this game. At least one perk on the hacking tree is bugged and does not function at all; Anamnesis is supposed to keep your available ram from dropping below a certain number, and this simply does not work. Unfortunately hacking becomes even less engaging once you reach the end of the game. Getting a legendary Ping hack allows you to hack a single enemy to reveal all other enemies near them, and allows you to hack these enemies through walls. Your endgame encounters will consist of seeing a single enemy, hitting them with ping, and then killing their entire squad one at a time through walls while they blunder around doing nothing.

The cool trees are so bad they deserve their own section. The stealth tree is useless (One early perk grants the ability to throw knives, which are expensive melee weapons that you have to manually equip through your inventory each time you want to throw one, do minimal damage even on a headshot from stealth, and cannot be recovered once thrown). The cool stat is useless, aside from opening up dialogue options. The cold-blooded tree relies on you getting kills to gain stacking bonuses, but there are very few fights in the game that involve fighting more than 3-4 enemies at a time. By the time your stacks have reached noticeable levels, the fight is over.

The story has some good points but is at best competent. Very little is done with the cyberpunk setting; this game could easily take place in a modern day setting with very minor story changes. There are some good emotional moments, but they are very few and far between. Even in heavily scripted story missions, story beats are often undercut by hilarious bugs; Objects will slip from NPCs hands and remain floating statically in the air forever, NPCs will frequently fail to animate, occasionally dialogue and subtitles will simply fail to play at all, and you'll be left staring at an NPC for several very long seconds before being prompted to respond to whatever unknown sentence was skipped over.

Your choices throughout the game have little to no impact on the overall story. None of the NPCs you have interacted with throughout the story make an appearance during the ending, except for the NPCs directly related to the ending you choose to pursue. There's no indication of what your choice of ending will actually ultimately lead to besides the obvious bad end choice, which is a first for me in an RPG like this. Nobody picked an ending in something like new vegas or skyrim and was surprised by the results. Disappointed maybe, but you had at least an idea of what you were getting.

Romance integration into the game is bad; After completing an NPCs questline it's impossible to ever interact with them again in any way. They simply stand where you last left them, and will stay there forever. They feel like a reason to add sex scenes to the game rather than a natural inclusion. If you're playing a female V the primary romance option for the game made me feel so predatory and uncomfortable in context that I chose to forego it entirely rather than complete it.

The city itself is nice to explore as long as you don't look too deep. NPCs are completely lifeless. Remember walking past NPCs having the same conversation over and over in every town in the witcher? Still the case here. Due to how the game loads, if you stand in place and do a quick 360 every NPC around you will change into a different person (Or disappear entirely), as will every car. On long stretches of road you can see cars in the distance that will fail to load and disappear as you get closer. You can't purchase anything from vendors at street stalls, and they're the same as every other NPC, so it's normal for a food vendor to scream at you to get the ♥♥♥♥ away from them if you try to walk up and talk to them. NPCs cannot get into cars except during scripted events, and can only drive in straight lines along predetermined paths; They can't go around a roadblock, meaning if you park in the road you'll come back to a line of cars as long as the game is able to load stuck behind your vehicle.

Overall a 5/10 game, up to a 6 or maybe 7/10 if the bugs are patched. All the commentary for this game right now is focused on how extreme the bugs are, and this is fair, but they are hiding a game that is at best mediocre and a far cry from the level you may have come to expect after playing other games from CD Projekt. Would not recommend buying at all right now, and wait for a steep sale after the patches.
 

Snowshoe
575 products in account
0
68 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
75.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2021
Oof, this is the complicated one...

First of all, I wasn't among those numerous victims of the game's ridiculous PR when people have created in their minds some uber-GTA in the future with dozens of smart mechanics and best possible next-gen graphics and gameplay with endless variability.

Nope, none of that.

Neither have I ever played any Cyberpunk boardgames (though familiarized myself with the general concept and lore).

Instead I'm just a regular fan of the cyberpunk genre (Bladerunner movies, Gibson's books, 'Ghost in the Shell' anime etc etc). And this review is from my humble perspective of a genre-geek who was waiting for a massive game in his favorite genre.

Visually the game is definitely a great one. Graphics, design, assets all that was made by people who actually cared. The city itself keeps surprising with interesting locations, stunning views and all that 'megapolis' vibe I once felt myself on my first trip to NYC.
Same goes for audio - the music is great, big variety of sounds, great acting - a bold "A+".

After 50+ hours I am in the middle of the main story, distracted myself so much to sidequests in the middle of Act II, and really the side-quest content is just being thrown at me continuously, I am afraid it will take 50 hours more.

And now I have to tell you that for the past 30+ hours the story (including sides) was pretty much the only factor that kept me in the game. If not for amazing quests - the game would have been dropped until the end of times, like if it was a typical Ubisoft arcade grinder for school kids.

After first hours of freedom, when this 'wow-effect' slowly settles down a bit, and more problems, bugs or holes pop up, this kind of honeymoon period is being replaced with the feeling I can't really explain with few words, so I'll try to explain it wider, why I don't recommend the game as of today at 1.06 version.

This is game is a bugfest. Even at 1.06 after various patches, and this is Bethesda level bugfest in its worst meaning: floating NPCs, interface glitches, CTDs at specific quest moments, T-posing, cigarettes stuck in people's hands, wrong weapon models, dead enemies reviving themselves - all that actually happened to me.

Quicksave is your best friend here, and I'm not overstating (and even that doesn't help with few quests that I had to start over several times). You may hear that some people have played the game without bugs, and I'd rather believe them, I haven't seen most of those popular on youtube in my game (like elevator doors being stuck or T-posing main NPCs). Clearly the game is ridiculously raw. Further you go - more bugs you see, as if QA didn't make it this far in time (Panam quests are probably worst ones so far in terms of stability).

To put it simple: This is completely unacceptable level from a renown 'gamer-friendly' developer studio. This is something that should make your rally in front of CDPR HQ.
I don't really care who's to be blamed for - managers, owners, astrology or Polish government. What matters is that such release is not acceptable, period. This is an absolute failure that must be abolished by the gaming community itself, if the developers can't do it on their own.
How? Well it is simple - don't buy the game now, don't preorder games ever (I did, for the first time in many years, and definitely the last time), unless they come out in early access and even then - think 100 times before investing into something that can turn out to be a 'star citizen' level of scam.

And never believe the PR, E3 footages or paid journalists. Because even if CDPR has fooled us, well that is indeed one of the world's end warnings.

Smaller problems include - broken balance (in the mid-game you can just craft a one-shot wunderwaffe), stupid AI (non-essential, but hey, Lego City videogame had better driving and pedestrian AI), god-awful interface and very weird controls layout... The gameplay is so uncomfortable and messy, I don't enjoy it at all.

Summarizing:
I like the game, really. I'll probably finish it after the next patch. It's visually stunning, my F12 buttons is gonna break soon. I love the characters and actually care about them.
Nevertheless - technically - this game, despite all forgotten promises and cut content, should have stayed in the development for another year AT LEAST. If you have missed other great games of recent few years - please clean up your backlog first.

**************
So please, if you still want to check it out, if you want to have best possible experience - wait for GOTY edition and all DLCs. Give it a chance after it's finished, and consider this current version an open beta to see if your rig can handle it.
**************

It is sad, really. Not many good devs that care are out there, and we lost one more.
But here's hoping they can redeem themselves at some point in the future. Yeah, I am an optimist.
 

B( . Y . )bs
217 products in account
7
94 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
176.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2021
NOTE: This was reviewed on VERSION 1.06 of the game. Be aware these issues may get fixed in the future. I will play again sometime next year or even in about 6 months to see how it is.

Hello friends,

Today i write a review on Cyberpunk 2077. NOTE: This version i am reviewing is 1.06. Be aware that some things may change when patched in the future from this review. When it does, i will play again and review at a later time.

As for the game, i really enjoyed the storyline, but sadly, the bugs are really bad. Mostly the bugs have to do with graphical things in the game. Let me break it up for you...90% bugs are graphical and 10% are quest related. I have run into some bugs on the side gigs and such, but nothing a last checkpoint save will fix. I have reported some of these bugs and even sent a save to CD RED to fix in a future patch. Hopefully they can recreate some on their end and fix such bugs. Anyways, here are my pro and cons:

PROS:

- Great storylines about transhuminism and about human's souls.
- Open world game where you can go around and check out places.
- Some good music in the game if you can hear it.
- I really liked some of the side missions. The writing was pretty good.
- You have mutliple choices on the ending and different endings.
- There are lots of side quests and such.

CONS:

- The volume for the actual music on the radio is very low in cars. Sometimes it is very hard to hear the music on them.
- There are many graphical bugs in the game sadly. This ruins immersion and many things in the game.
- I only experienced personally 2 bugged side quests. MY main quest was fine.
- The length of the main storyline is considered short by many. If you look at my time, i did that with all side quests before i finished the main quest. If you finish the side quests, it will add more time.
- One other thing..many promised things in the game are not there as of now. Hopefully CD RED will fix their issues in their game.

I would rate this as a neutral rating till CD RED fixes the issues in the game. The storyline is absolutely great, but the graphical bugs really ruin the game. Some are outright funny too. Check youtube videos on some of them. Because i cannot give it a neutral rating, for now i will rate as recommended. Still, i think players should wait a bit for it get fixed up.
 

RPG Gamer Man
959 products in account
13
561 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 38

Not Recommended
92.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
What...eight years in development for this?

NPCs:
RDR2 is honestly years ahead of the AI in this game. No conversations with NPCs? NPCs don't even do anything aside walk around. They don't really do random tasks or have conversations with each other. If you block roads NPC drivers just park their cars and do nothing. Get into a gunfight? Every NPC just stops, kneels down and puts their hands on their head. There's all this motion and life yet the entire city is lifeless. I can't believe CDPR even would release it in this state. Like these NPCs are brainless background noise wtf.

AI:
It's horrible. Idk what to say. I can either wait in a doorway and kill them with a sword as they walk through or they just hide unmoving behind a piece of cover and let me throw grenades. Idk what to even say about it. The AI is horrible and I'm on hardest setting which is honestly very easy

GRAPHICS:
Not next gen or groundbreaking unless you are running an absolutely insane setup that plays 4k with ray tracing and every setting on ultra. That being said I find the art style and overall quality to be quite good.

PERFORMANCE:
Horrible. DLSS is basically required for steady frames so I hope you all know how to add Sharpening filters. Needed more time in the oven to optimize. I'm running a Ryzen 3700x, RTX 2070 and 16 Gb of G.Skill TridentZ. 60 FPS on high/medium with DLSS set to quality and ray tracing off.

COMBAT:
predictable gameplay loop. Satisfying but again, nothing groundbreaking here. If you've played any other shooter with basic stealth elements you have already played this games combat system.

CONTENT:
There are a TON of side missions and so far all of them have been good. This is a huge plus for the game.

MISC
You CAN NOT CHANGE YOUR APPEARANCE AT ALL AFTER THE INITIAL CREATOR. This just felt strange considering I can augment my whole body but can't get a haircut.

CONCLUSION
If you want the best experience on this, wait. It needs patches and I honestly think it's missing some content that was expected. For a game hyped up so much and I'm development for so long, I'm disappointed terribly.

Honest rating 7/10. Still good, but not what we were expecting.

UPDATE
Thanks for the awards and discussion here. I appreciate people taking the time to read this.

I think the game has HUGE potential but truly wasn't ready for release. I gave it a 7/10 because it's still a good game, but the thumbs down is simply because as I stated in the review, it needs patched. YOU ARE NOT BUYING A FINISHED GAME. The bugs alone will make that very apparent.

Its fun and if you wanna jump in then go ahead, i'm just reviewing it at release and this review is subject to change, but there are some very serious problems in its current state.

As far as comparing it to RDR2, that game felt very alive, Cyberpunk only *looks* alive. It's a fair standard to compare the two.
 

The Best Boy (Ghdeter)
290 products in account
49
535 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 9

Not Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
do not buy this till further updates
its just a buggy mess. i can see trees through walls cutscenes are glichy guns not loading properly leaving, gunplay is weird and leaves a lot to be improved on. In this state the game should not have been releaced yet. its a game i really want to like and enjoy but i just cant, YET... overall 5/10 but this game could be so much more
 

Ergo
33 products in account
59
89 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
87.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2021
Went into this game not seeing any of the advertisement and interviews. Had an okay time, generic gameplay, annoying crafting system, alright story.

Then I watched all the interviews and advertisements promising features that I could never see added to this game even after years of patches.

All the lies and broken promises I now see why people hate this game.
 

King Appledick
258 products in account
3
276 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
146.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Update drivers!!!

pros:

-visuals are ok
-story is meh
-voice acting
-awsome sound

cons:

-infested with bugs at the moment.
-no 3rd person.
-can be very difficult to run for most people.

Bugs so far.

1-volume wheel on keyboard moves the camera

2-cars stuck in the ground

3-the key that is used to switch views in vehicles stopped working and required a reset

4-the occasional npc T pose

5-broken quests that needed a reset

6-inventory going black

7-dong clipping through pants

8-V does a rare T pose when driving

9-npc vehicles crashing into the enviroment

10- npc's scared for no reason

11-fps being cut in half when you get a call ( this doesn't happen every time)

12-was riding my bike and the my character went into a T pose with no pants on flashing his bare arse.

13-rare invincibility bug

14-fell through bed i apartment

15-clothes vanish in mirror

16-hair vanished in mirror

17-could equip clothes but they would not show on player

18-npc mouths not moving whilst talking

19-ray tracing refection in store windows having no texture ( white squares with writing on)

20-floating signs

21-cars falling out of the sky

22-cars randomly exploding

23- i have a random guy following me around everywhere

24-a black box appears on my screen at times

25-had a weapon refuse to stop firing
 

Rubber Ducky
216 products in account
61
547 people found this review helpful
61 people found this review funny 56

Recommended
303.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2021
As someone who was excited about this game but didn’t follow along with the updates and hype all that closely during development, I was really reluctant to buy Cyberpunk 2077 after the strong negative backlash at release. I held out for a few months but then decided to get it as a birthday present to myself last week. And honestly? I have zero regrets. I’ve basically played it every free moment since.

The game is absolutely beautiful. I love just driving around the city and seeing how the cityscape changes as I travel from neighborhood to neighborhood. The whole game has so much character - from skyscrapers down to item descriptions, Night City definitely has a distinct sense of time and place. And even though the main storyline is (supposedly) small, the world is not. There are tons of cool things to explore and fascinating side quests to discover. I think I logged over 20 hours, the reported length of the main story, before I finished the intro.

Combat is super fun too. The shooting feels good and gets better as you upgrade your character. Where the game really shines though is in the hacking abilities. I love finding a good vantage point, hacking the camera system of whatever building I’m trying to infiltrate, decimating everyone inside by overloading their cybernetics or just remotely blowing things up, then rolling in the clean up the stragglers. 10 out of 10 makes me feel like a badass hacker spy every time.

One of the major complaints I’ve seen about Cyberpunk 2077 is the NPC and enemy AI. Honestly, if you liked The Witcher 3 and could put up with the AI in that game, I don’t see why you would have any issue with Cyberpunk. (And if you were expecting Rockstar’s RDR2 level of AI, ... well, let’s be honest it was never going to be that). Similarly, I’ve seen some complaints about lack of diverse choices in conversations trees, but most of Geralt’s responses in The Witcher 3 could be boiled down to 3 different tones of grunts and everyone seems to have loved RPing as him. Although dialogue options in Cyberpunk 2077 are similarly limited at times at times, I had no problem finding responses that I felt fit my character. Your choices can also have an impact on the outcomes of situations. There is a bit of railroading (just like in almost every RPG game out there) but it never bothered me. As someone who buy CD Projekt Red games for storytelling and world building, Cyberpunk 2077 exceeded all my expectations.

Are parts of the game rushed? Yes, without a doubt. But I’ve been having an absolute blast with it so far and I can only see it getting better as it continues to be patched and as DLCs are released. As is, it’s the most engrossing and emotionally engaging game I’ve played in ages.
 

Midelaye
55 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 28
this game is awesome after patch 1.5
 

BlackBull
61 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
87.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
The more I reflect on this game, the more let down I feel. For all its hype, it’s painfully underwhelming.

This review will NOT contain spoilers and is only my opinion. Played on GTX 1660Ti, 8GB RAM, i5 9th Gen.

A Note: [Amendment post-completion]. Initially I didn't finish this game, but on my third attempt I did finish the story and would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it, but I do still think the rest of the game is very disappointing considering what it was advertised to be. For those who liked it, I'm not attacking you or your beliefs about the game, I’m just sharing my opinion about the game too based on my experience with it.

The whole review has been edited to reflect my changed view of the game now I've finished it.

Positives:
- Beautiful graphics and lighting.
- Sound effects are generally good.
- When it works, dialogue flows exceptionally well.
- A diverse, if slightly awkward to use, screenshot mode.
- The story was quite strong with some very interesting characters.
- An update amended the driving and now it's better than it was. Not perfect, but better.

Negatives:
- Story throws too much in, too soon, and it’s hard to keep up.
- Early game characters didn't interest me at all. It improved later.
- Phone calls from NPCs keep coming over dialogue with characters.
- Graphical glitches are abundant.
- Audio glitches are abundant.
- The world has no sense of being lived in thanks to awful AI.
- The HUD is ugly.
- Paid-for bonus content was needlessly hard to find.
- Can’t change key binds.
- Screenshot mode is limited by a lack of a 'free camera' tool. For God's sake CDPR...

Graphics:
This is perhaps the best part of the game. On PC, Cyberpunk 2077 looks beautiful – and I’m not even running it on max. settings.

World:
The detail in the textures the world is made up of is incredible and I found the game a treat to look at, from the things like clutter to structures and landscapes. It’s not without faults but generally, I’ve never seen a better-looking vanilla game. In-game lighting is stunning, and night-city is a beautiful mix of darkness, filth, and neon lights.

Characters generally look great, affected in a way that feels realistic by physics and sporting high-resolution textures that bring their emotion and features to life, from hair to the pores in their skin.

However, already I’ve seen an abundance of textures popping in, vehicles that appear as low-resolution blurs, and distant scenery through fog showing horrid solid black shapes.
The game also by default has film grain and chromatic aberration turned on, which look awful, I don’t know why they did this.

HUD:
I appreciate the intention to make a Cyberpunk-themed HUD but I think this execution was horrible. Almost every aspect of it, from the icons over loot in the in-game world, to the looting, crafting, inventory menus, information is not obvious against the messy UI. Everything looks too busy and distracts you from the information you need.

Audio:
Audio can be broken into three broad categories, I think, and works well to create atmosphere, but it’s not outstanding, and like the visuals, riddled with glitches.

Dialogue:
Dialogue is good. Speech between NPCs and you (V) play out well for the most part, without long awkward pauses some RPGs give. It feels like a fluid conversation, and I like this. Voice acting is generally strong, and I found times where characters were angry, sad, scared, etc. felt surprisingly more genuine and less acted than in other games.

Most of the prompts you choose to initiate your character’s responses (which are voiced) are good enough that you know what’s going to be said, so you don’t end up giving a reply that you didn’t mean. A lot of the dialogue is 'filler', though, and almost never significantly affects the story, which strips away any sense of it being an RPG at all.

One thing that is really annoying is that you get many calls off NPCs which play over dialogue you’re already in with an NPC right in front of you. This is stupid, and really needs fixing.

Ambient Sounds:
These are generally fine and help with immersion. Footsteps, chatter, and other realistic bustle is simulated well, but I noticed many glitches, especially when driving. Car engine sounds are not good, and many times when crashing, no sound would play to indicate it.

Combat:
Guns sound great! I was pleased to find a game that finally has quite harsh, meaty sounding gunshots that add a nice sense of force and weight to the guns. This is completely undermined by the bullet-sponge enemies, sadly, but the sound is on point. Melee weapons aren’t so great but sound heavy and brutal enough to make landing a hit on an enemy feel satisfying.

Story:
The story is mostly told through the occasional cutscene and vocal interactions with NPCs. It is very dialogue heavy but I don’t mind that, though I’m aware it’s not for everyone.

You’re straight away thrown into a situation with a cast who you are then ripped away from, and then again with a new cast… and again... I wouldn’t mind if it felt organic and I had time to connect with the characters, so it felt purposeful, but I this wasn’t the case. Nobody was very deep, or likeable or unlikeable. They were clearly supposed to be, but it felt like the game just told me that rather than genuinely making me feel it. The first few hours felt painfully predictable and with characters so shallow and trivial, despite trying to grind on to see if things improved, I gave up.

Amendment: For me, the second half of this game's story saved it. Later on, you meet some interesting characters that actually stay around long enough for you to care, and things start to feel more genuine and meaningful as a result. I still wasn't as moved by this game as plenty of others I've played, but it would be dishonest of me to say I hated the story. It's worth pushing through the first few hours to find its redeeming parts later on.

Gameplay:
Driving:
They updated this and it's now serviceable, thank God. It's not great and cars still feel too light or cumbersome depending on type, but it's an improvement.

Combat:
Enemies are not very interesting, the AI is stupid, and the enemies are way too bullet-spongey. I would much prefer more skilled/lethal enemies who, in turn, died in one or two hits off me.

Quickhacks:
These are a nice idea. It doesn’t feel like it interrupts with the fighting too much and some grant useful features, like disabling cameras, distracting enemies, or using them to turn on each other.

Perspective:
I get that 1st is more immersive, but not allowing 3rd to me completely negated the point of character customisation as you can rarely see your character. Denying the option made this feel even less like an RPG and was another nail in the coffin for me.

Character Customisation:
This was underwhelming. Customisation helps players invest more in their character, but the options in Cyberpunk 2077 are dire. You have the things like genital customisation, but you can’t alter things like your weight or your beginner outfit.

Conclusion:
I wish I hadn’t pre-ordered this. It fails to meet advertised standards. The world isn’t living and you don’t feel like you have any meaningful choices in the game. I was so excited to play this game that I could hardly sleep on release night, and I’m pretty disappointed. The game has few redeeming features beyond a fairly good storyline and, when they work, rather beautiful graphics. I expect we will get a few updates to iron out glitches, but I don’t know that they’ll remedy a lot more than that, and there's a lot more that's wrong with the game. Overall, Cyberpunk 2077 just doesn’t feel like it tries to do anything new, and in its recreation of old, is painfully average.
 

Elysian
498 products in account
33
53 people found this review helpful 7

Not Recommended
57.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2021
"Overpromise, sell, underdeliver"

There seemed to be a popular opinion that the main flaw of the game is it's technical state, and once the issues will be fixed we will have a polished, well-written "CDPR masterpiece" that is comparable to the Witcher 3 . Now that enough time has passed, and even the most devoted of the CDPR cult-like following have moved from denial to acceptance we are left with an unfortunate reality - Cyberpunk 2077 is a shallow game, that is not worth your money and time under any circumstance, unless you are desperate to experience it yourself.

I initially wanted to call 2077 a game of highs and lows, but thinking back on it, there is only a single positive thing that I remembered about the game. It was during its opening hour or two, before you get to experience the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, and the repetitive, mind-numbing gameplay. It's when you first experience night city, and as you are following your companion down a busy street, you are just taking in the sights, overhearing the conversations of passersby. You will, however, soon discover that the game takes you through that street on purpose, because that's the one they spent the most time designing, and the meat of the game isn't about enjoying the pretty neon lights of night city - it's about shooting the same four enemy types, that have the a level of intelligence that is insulting to even call 2004 AI, in similar environments that are essentially just branching corridors, or driving your car that feels so bad to drive you almost wish there was no driving in the game.

The main story doesn't help either (slight spoilers). 

The choice between the 3 life journeys has 0 significance outside of the first 15 minutes of the game. New guns and equipment that you collect don't change anything - they just have slightly bigger numbers, with very few exceptions. The map is filled with tons of side activities to trick you into believing that there is plenty of side content, but once you've done one you've done them all. Skill upgrades gained by levelling provide a damage increase to your preferred weapon class without adding anything to the gameplay. These things quickly add up, turning the game into an overwhelmingly negative experience.

After finishing the game and looking up all the other endings, I can safely say that this game can't be improved by patching bugs alone. Systems like skills, gunplay and car handling need to be redone from the ground, there needs to be more enemy variety, encounter variety, side content that actually expands on the lore... I could go on. Do I believe that this is going to happen? No. This game has made more than enough money. They will release a few patches, proudly claiming that they fixed hundreds of bugs which shouldn't have been there in the first place, maybe release a free DLC to sweeten the deal, climb to 85-90 positive, then boast about it to investors and move on to the next project. I would be pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong.

TL;DR This game is a waste of time and money, and I strongly recommend against buying it, unless you are the biggest Keanu simp. If you really want to try it, wait a few years to buy the enhanced edition at -85% discount.
 

rozy
180 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
439.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
Pros:
+ Great gameplay
+ Great Voice Acting
+ Great Story
+ Beautiful Graphics
+ Has Replay Value
+ Recent pacth they finally add wardrobe transmog into the game!!

Cons:
- Many People said the game went badly Optimize after recent pacth
- No Cars/Bikes Costumization
- Cars/Bikes Handling are bad
- Some side quest end with Cliffhanger
- The Polices and NPCs AI still dumb
- The game still has few bugs
- Some loots didnt scale with player lvl (i dont know if this is bug or not)
 

Hymnos
499 products in account
23
775 people found this review helpful
40 people found this review funny 96

Recommended
64.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
if i see one more reddit hive mind post i'm going to lose it,this is not a bad game.

I've been playing this ♥♥♥♥ on a GTX 1060 GB and i still enjoyed it. I dealt with less bugs in this than i have in other AAA games that are worse in the quality of content and game play. This game made me care about most of the characters involved and handled suicide and depression in a very real way and that was a big deal for me.
 

Chillin
396 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2021
I don't really like reviewing stuff but for the three people that might see this...
The NPCs of Oblivion & Skyrim feel more lifelike than the randoms wandering Night City at least in Oblivion and Skyrim they ate, they drank, they went to bars they had a life. Food stalls you cannot eat at with nobody around them, bars you cannot drink at, clubs where the doors are locked and you hear nothing but the bass. The city is as gorgeous to look at, jank to wander around in. Cars are on rails and any mild interruption creates a line of them just..sitting there. Cops spawn out of thin air for any offense, the gigs are so generic and all 3 paths play out to the same dialog after a mild change. Nothing you do really matters in the end. This is just a generic action adventure game masquerading as an RPG with none of the benefits and no matter how much they promise to buff and polish the game, I doubt it'll get much better than this. I hope to be proven wrong but until then, stay away. The game looks beautiful but that is it. Driving is not satisfying, the hacking is not satisfying and hell the intro broke the most important rule of show don't tell, it's all a cutscene. Overall, it is bland, heart breakingly average and not worth more than 20-30 bucks. I waited years for this and I could forgive all of it if Night City felt like a city.
 

BoomisBored
239 products in account
0
145 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
72.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2021
In it's current state, I can only recommend this game on sale - deep discount 70%+. Many of the pre and post release promises have not even been addressed at this time.

It is a beautiful game but the grind, redundancy combined with clunky control of combat and driving is outrageously poor.

You will enjoy the story and the graphics but the rest needs a lot of work. The story is not extensive and I don't feel there is much replay value within the story - at this time. They seem to still care about this game so hopefully it will continue to improve.

I have this game on 2 accounts and finished the story (on my GOG) in about 35 hours.

I would say the game is not much fun to comeback to after story completion. Saints Row Third (with a linear story) is still a favorite of mine - a game that I still replay today.
 

Osiris~
3,083 products in account
4
18 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
152.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Human
☐ Lizards

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☑ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☑ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

FeelTheDuck
552 products in account
0
77 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
120.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2021
Personal Rating: 4.5/10

The good:
- The world;
- The music;
- The hacking-powers;
- V and the main supporting cast;
- Detective like missions involving watching and investigating a recording, called Brain Dances;
- Some rare missions that have something unique.

The bad:
- The game breaking bugs;
- The small bugs;
- Very bad performance (I played on a RTX2080TI but have seen a lot of friends on PC suffering much more than I did and not being able to make it better when changing settings);
- Weak weapon customization;
- Mostly boring guns (except you Skippy);
- Boring melee combat;
- Horrible bare-handed melee combat;
- Boring crafting;
- Dressing up character feels horrible since you can't have a visual separate from your equipment, resulting in boring customization;
- Decisions don't really feel like they affect a lot of the story, except for unlocking the "secret" ending;
- Missions are mostly the same;
- Most NPCs outside the main cast only serves to either give you a mission or die;
- Lack of unique dialog options, rarely having any impact on what will happen;
- The police is either a joke, or a insta-kill machine;
- The police never actually chases you in their cars;
- Later game is unbalanced; and in the highest difficulty is still either easy or a death by insta-kill;
- Driving feels bad, motorcycles are the worst, no difference in shooting different parts of the car and there's no floating or flying vehicles as shown before;
- No fun mini-game or side activity (not even card-games on motorcycles) even though there's a ton of arcade machines and VR is on a whole other level in the game's world.
- Lack of truly unique enemies and bosses;
- 40 billion text messages and shards (text rich collectibles) that are pretty boring, instead of actually showing the stuff on them in other fun ways.
- Night City does not feel alive at all, the NPCs are very simple and do either nothing or run, and barely have flavor text to them;


As the time of writing, this game has a lot of potential, some great but scarce moments, but it is just not worth the price or time. If you want a really good CDPR game where you can see what they're capable of, go play The Witcher 3 and have a great time.
 

Kaladdin
314 products in account
8
358 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 10

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
CANNOT REMAP KEYBOARD PROPERLY!
 

Core2029
391 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
Did anybody playtest this game?
 

Prophet
251 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2020
Best unfinished game
 

PiotreX CASHING OUT
148 products in account
0
365 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
79.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
PLEASE UPDATE YOUR DRIVERS BEFORE COMPLAINING ABOUT GRAPHIC/HARDWARE ISSUES!
 

☾
348 products in account
0
171 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
A beautiful, imaginative game with great stories and characters, that is let down somewhat by technical inadequacies and a shallow if expansive city. This didn't have the budget it seems to be so ambitious with an open world, but as someone who played the original tabletop RPG as a kid, I am still enjoying this immensely. I can dream of Rockstar making a SLA Industries game as well though. Thank you CDPR for creating this, I do love it.
 

Galdere
4,373 products in account
1
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
302.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
CYBERPUNK 2077 REVIEW


*** WARNING… HUGELY UNPOPULAR OPINION BELOW ***


So I have seen numerous reviews with people absolutely SLATING Cyberpunk 2077 with ‘it’s the worse game I’ve ever played’ ‘the bugs and glitches are a joke’ & ‘CDPR sucks!’. I have also seen the recent statement put out by CD Projeck Red apologising, saying they will fix the bugs and glitches ect but more importantly ‘asking for a chance to put things right’. Fellow gamers… I feel it necessary to point a few things out… CDPR gave us, the gaming community an absolute cracker in the Witcher franchise. The Witcher 3 is arguably the greatest RPG ever released! CDPR isn’t a huge company like Bioware, Konami or even Bethesda… When 90% of other companies decided to include ‘microtransactions’ into the games we love, CDPR took a stand and instead of making tens of millions from microtransactions (which they absolutely could of just by adding that to the Witcher 3) and helping the companies accounts grow they decided to do the right thing and stand by their convictions and thus with us, the gaming community.

Now I am NOT saying ‘continue to play a game that is completely broken for you’. If the game is unplayable then sure, get a refund because £50 is a lot for a game you can’t play, hell, any amount other than free is a lot if you can physically play the game but instead writing terrible reviews, wait and see if CDPR is willing to stand by their statement and fix the issues. Remember, this is a company that decided to ‘give away SIXTEEN DLC’s’ for the Witcher 3! Why? Because and I’m quoting the co-founder and Joint CEO of CD PROJEKT RED Marcin Iwiński:

““We love games. We love collecting them, playing them, and everything connected to that experience. Every time we reach out for a new release, we expect to be taken care of. We expect support if we encounter any problems. With the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, we have decided to do it differently. Cutting to the chase, everyone who buys Wild Hunt will receive 16 specially prepared DLCs absolutely for free, regardless of platform. You don’t have to pre-order, you don’t have to buy any special edition to get them — if you own a copy of Wild Hunt, they’re yours. This is our way of saying thank you for buying our game.”

If that doesn’t sound like a company dedicated to providing us with bespoke, authentic gaming experiences then I don’t know what does and before everyone gets on my case, no, CDPR haven’t paid me a penny! This is just my opinion as someone who has been an avid gamer for the past 30 years!


*** IMPORTANT POINT I WANT TO MAKE BEFORE MY ACTUAL REVIEW***

Firstly, and most importantly.... 'NVIDIA DRIVERS' You will want to 'Check for Updates' because although there was an update released by Nvidia on the 02/12/2020, another was released when Cyberpunk dropped 09/12/2020 and it's called "GeForce Game Ready Driver, Version: 460.79". It will help ensure that your game doesn't crash (mine did on three occasions without it). Not sure if anyone else experienced the same issue I did but since doing a clean installation of 460.79 I’ve had absolutely no issues whatsoever and it runs flawlessly!

In your first proper mission with ‘Jackie Welles’ I would strongly recommend you not only decide to run the ‘simulation exercise’ but all FOUR and don’t ‘Delta Out’ after two as they are invaluable to know and understand. I’m sure all four categories are:

1. Target Practice – First with static then moving targets using a gun, then enemies using a rifle.

2. Hacking – Learning how to distract enemies in order to take them down via stealth.

3. Stealth – Discovering how to tag and mark plus enemy and security camera’s FOV.

4. Melee – CQC (Close Quarters Combat) and training with a Samurai sword.

These are not particularly long and can be completed in a relatively short period of time but the experience and understanding you gain from completing them that early on (getting to grips with the basics) is invaluable.

So, for a game that released a little over five days ago I’ve managed to clock around 80 hours thus far, so it's fair to say I am little addicted for sure lol I've spent my time mainly doing side quests (NCPD, Search and Discover etc..) along with a few main missions (I’m currently up to Act 2) and the game touches on some really Heavy ♥♥♥♥… Like ‘organ harvesting’, ‘cyberware harvesting’, 'mental health challenges', 'sexual exploitation', 'human trafficking' & 'personal losses' to name but a few and it all gets dark, very quickly into the story. I will openly admit that I regularly save my game just to reload certain arcs in the story so I can replay them again they are that compelling and utterly thrilling!

One scene in particular that got me more than any other thus far was I swear someone was cutting onions or something because that was a moment! I was so busy celebrating what I thought was a successful heist that when that scene came to an end it was a 'WTF moment' (I am sure it wasn't just me that felt that way either!).

I will say that getting Eurodollar’s is easy, especially if you decide to exploit the vending machines. I haven’t personally tired that and am completely broke (Cyberware can get damn expensive trust me lol) but I have heard people mention that you can earn 100-200k per hour doing that lol. I am sure there will be YouTube uploads explaining how it's done but I won't be including a link in my review for two reasons... Firstly, because I don't know if that would get you banned or not and finally, because I'm too much of a chicken ♥♥♥♥ to try it LOL so if you want to know how it's done proceed at your own risk.

Another thing that pleasantly surprised me was the driving... It is something very few developers ever get right (even in some racing games) and the fact that CDPR have only ever created games that involved horses to get you around it is damn good! Sure, there are moments you feel as if you are 'floating' a little but as a company’s first attempt it has absolutely nailed it in my humble opinion! I was also a little on the fence about it being in first person as opposed to third as most of the RPG's I play tend to be in third, but you can change the POV when driving so that’s always a plus!

Combat is also a solid feature of the game. I'll admit I prefer to hack security cams, then hack TF out of enemies but there are plenty of options at your disposal. Personally, I prefer hacks and the use of throwing knives and a Katana blade for CQC (Close Quarter Combat) i.e. the Stealth approach instead of going in all guns blazing. It's more of a challenge but worth it, especially when lobbing the heads and arms off enemies... Not sure why but I get great satisfaction removing ones head from one’s body while watching a fountain of blood leave the neck hole (should probably tell my psychiatrist about that lol) but seriously, if you're a MGS fan and stealth is your thing, I definitely recommend you give it a shot over using rifles and guns. There are plenty of weapons for you to make use of from shotguns and sniper rifles to LMG's and SMG's plus you can add attachments to most weapons (namely uncommon upwards) also you can add certain mods that help customise your play style. I'm a huge fan of using 'Cyberhacks' myself and you have plenty of choice in that department too.


https://cyberpunk.fandom.com/wiki/Cyberpunk_2077


TL: DR


If 'Dues Ex: Mankind Divided' ‘Grand Theft Auto:5’ & 'Sleeping Dogs' decided to engage in a little sexy time, had a threesome, but didn’t know who the baby daddy was… The child from that (but incredible) union would be 'Cyberpunk 2077'.
 

𝔾ℝ𝔸𝕐 𝔽𝕆𝕏™
462 products in account
12
28 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
71.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2020
Cyberpunk 2077, flop of the year, lie of the decade.

Many features were promised to us players, basically none were delivered. Basic things such as factions, customization, even part of melee combat (katana supposed to be able to block bullets) are missing or barely implemented. The 3 life paths you chose? Only affects the first 20 minutes, it looses basically all meaning after that. Prime example? Take street rat life path, Parde will still treat you like its your first meeting if you meet him later on.

The prologue? well it didnt have any meaning, you get a several month time skip shown to you in a few cutscenes, icing on the cake is that characters make mention to events you didnt even know happened or are shown in a 10 second scene before flashing to the next one.

Performance issues are a dime a dozen, many players are unable to even run the game. Bugs plague the entire game, many of which game breaking and requiring a save reload (such as getting stuck in a window and not being able to move). Combat such as attempting to use the Mantis blades, sprinting while attacking an enemy cause an animation lock where you stab your blades into the enemy and lift him/her into the air for 10 secs all while in the middle of enemy fire. I have died so many times to this I stopped trying to role play a cyborg character and used a katana instead.

AI is a mess, cops teleport behind players with no chase or anything. Cars do not have basic avoidance system and if you park a bike at the side of the road, you will cause a massive traffic jam. Enemies are brain dead and dont respond to stimuli during combat at all, and yet can somehow spot a dead body through walls (floors even).

The story while somewhat engaging, is a mess when you look deeper into it.

Big dystopian world with mega corporations holding the leash? Cool story, except you will only be dealing with a single corporation your entire game. There is no secret conspiracy theory that turned out to be true, no real engaging element. Its just Johnny is in your head, gonna kill you, join his vedenta against Arasaka, help Arasaka or just plain ol shoot yourself in the head instead?

Did I have fun? Maybe? I went into cyberpunk without much expectations and did not really watched any videos. It had its moments but I can safely say, unless CDPR is willing to overhaul the entire game system such as AI, police response, customization and most importantly, story and factions, Cyberpunk 2077 isn't going anywhere.
 

Klipwc
951 products in account
7
98 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
72.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 4
I can't recommend this game with clear conscience. Game aspire to be AAA, yet gameplay-wise is at the best good and is riddled with bugs (cars behaving like submarines - sinking in texture, cars learning how to breakdance - after small collision with lamp post, cars attempting to perform fusion technic from Dragon Ball - and failing with a lot of fireworks after gentle nudge). While on another hand the story and quests are quite fun really interesting and captiving.
 

Luigi0pl
314 products in account
0
248 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 20

Not Recommended
53.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2020
This game just barely missed the mark of being one I can recommend.

On one hand, you have 40-50 hours of decent content to mull through. The city is beautiful, the main story is intriguing and the early game is an enjoyable experience. It has some of the most stunning looking set piece visuals you'll see in the past decade. It's an impressive visual experience.

On the other hand, a lot of the content is unpolished and repetitive without much unique or re-playable value. The city is limp with placeholder dummy pedestrian AI, the wanted system is atrocious and they have a loot system that follows the same formula of many other games (common, rare, legendary, etc). It makes me appreciate games with half the graphics and double the depth. You'll find most systems implemented in Cyberpunk 2077 have been done better by other developers. I purposely didn't read much pre-release info about this game so as not to overhype expectations, and it still let me down.

Some of the biggest issues I had:

-Looting quickly becomes a chore to find a higher level of weapon, and they completely botched this part along with the crafting system. They chose the wrong loot system for this game entirely with the same old colors used in Destiny and Fortnite. Even the weapon mods are mostly uninteresting.

-Choosing a play style barely makes a difference in story or combat. I was a stealth hackerman with silenced weapons playing on hard mode. There was one section that got frustrating, so I tried blasting everything with a shotgun. Despite having no perks or experience invested in shotguns, it proved the easiest way to complete most levels in the end. On hard mode you will die after taking a few shots, but somehow you will not be hit as easily when charging into battle. Despite having high points in hacking, the turrets would just glitch out and deactivate when attempting to turn them on my enemies.

-Your background choice (Corpo, Night Kid or Nomad) makes very little difference outside of the intro and a few speech options. The night city montage early on gives you a taste of what they wanted to do with this game, but could not achieve.

-You are more so playing a character in an on-rails type story than role playing someone of your choosing where decisions matter. The relationships you build through side quests wind up mattering more than anything, and even most of those feel forced. There's also a chance some side quest for a faction can glitch out and they wind up hating you because of it.

-The wanted system is a complete immersion breaker and should never have been placed in the game with its current state. Police spawn in like agents in the matrix whenever you do something 'against the rules.' There is nothing at all interesting about these fights, and there are no real engagements to be had with the famed Trauma Team either.


There was so much potential to be had with this game, and its clear that business decisions triumphed over the will of developers once again. I had read some about how CDPR wasn't one of those companies that would pull an EA and release an underwhelming title, but this is further proof that no company is exempt from greed. Hopefully modders come in to save the day with content that is both deep and engaging. The irony is not lost on me here, where a game that highlights the soul sucking malicious deeds of corporations has its soul sucked away by the board members commanding its creation.

"Function comes 2nd. Looks are what matter." Here's hoping CDPR changes that slogan next go.
 

Rking
114 products in account
0
345 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 31

Recommended
126.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
"The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long, and you have burned so very brightly."

Cyberpunk 2077 can be considered an open-world action role-playing game (RPG), which has been developed and published by the company CD Projekt Red. One major contributor to this project has been Mike Pondsmith, who is renowned as a cyberpunk author and RPG creator.

Pros & cons:

++ Night City, what a sight to behold! A beautiful, dystopian habitat filled with an absurd amount of details, crass contrasts, and constantly changing environments; the overstimulation has been pretty hard on me in the beginning.

++ The side quests and its characters are the hidden stars of this show. With their personalities and stories they perfect the immersive setting. What I love the most is that around every corner, another opportunity awaits to earn some eddies, go after a gig, or hang out with your chooms.

++ As far as the gameplay goes, I am impressed how customizable the protagonist is with regards to cybernetic choices and skill trees. Basically, you raise your skills by using them, and the implants significantly impact your tactics. It boils down to your own niche build.
For example, my nomadic brawler runs on cold blood and military-grade cybernetics. His hobbies are bathing in blood and collecting servo-skulls.

+ The campaign is well done in regards of narrative style and characterization of your relationships with Jackie Welles and Johnny Silverhand; they have grown dear to my synthetic heart.
I also like how the underlying topic of transhumanism is handled, especially the cyborgization of humanity and its effects on social life.

- The police system is a disaster. Cops must have teleportation devices, because they spawn out of nowhere directly behind you. And they will do so, repeatedly.

-- Bugs, a ton of 'em; clunky collision system, clipping issues, cut dialogues, frozen enemies, inconsistent frame rates, and desktop crashes. A few times I have felt like a beta tester.
The aspects mentioned above are also the reason why this game has been delayed several times. I pity the quality assurance team working their fingers to the bone, in order to fix the gravest issues of this colossal project before the final release.

-- From a marketing point of view, its unfinished state was deliberately obfuscated and the review process conducted in a very restrictive way. A sobering reminder why I should not pre-order a game, and wait for the hype to die down.

Summary:

Cyberpunk 2077 is a diamond in the rough and I can see its potential, which will likely take months to reach. Unfortunately, the initial state of release combined with the deceptive marketing did irreparable damage to the community's reception of the game and to CD Project Red's reputation.

Achievements:

Estimated time for 100% completion: +120 hours

Singleplayer achievements: 44
Multiplayer achievements: none
 

Meat-King©®
322 products in account
24
29 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
150.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
No boob size slider smh
7/10
 

🌴 Forfeit 🌴
121 products in account
0
72 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
95.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
i love judy
 

?¿
109 products in account
0
196 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 35

Recommended
106.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2021
*This is a spoiler free review.

Cyberpunk 2077.
”A thing of beauty will never fade away…”

Introduction

One of the most hyped games of all time. One of the most adored game developers. Eight years of waiting. The result? One of the most chaotic release debacles for a triple-A game ever… And yet, that didn’t stop Cyberpunk 2077 from being one of the best games I’ve ever played. Maybe I was lucky – my game was exceptionally stable compared to the complaints I saw from many people – but once I dug into the actual content of Cyberpunk: its world, gameplay, quests, and story; it was clear that this was a well-designed, innovative, and incredibly detailed game. By now, everyone knows about how poorly optimized and buggy CP2077 is for many people. But not many know just how good the game is in its content. I want to give you the full story, no details obscured by a NPC T-posing on a city street.

Lore

Beginning with the basics, let’s talk plot. Cyberpunk 2077 is set in an alternate timeline version of Earth, in which cybernetic technology that alters the human body was invented in the early 1990’s. Throughout the 90’s and 21st century, several economic collapses hit the global economy, and many natural and man-made disasters also destabilized nations across the globe. Between 1994 and 2020, the U.S. government was embroiled in coup after coup, and the assassinations of many politicians. Much of these 25-odd years were spent in a state of martial law. During this period, roughly one hundred million Americans die to violence, disease, and famine.

By 2020, the power vacuum is finally filled by giant, multi-national corporations; most notably the U.S. based Militech and the Japan based Arasaka. This game is set in Northern California’s “Night City,” the largest in the New United States, which has been thoroughly enculturated into the libertarian-right, corporate run, cyber-infused new world order.

The Presentation Debacle

Let’s get what you already know out of the way. The launch of CP2077 was a mess, and roughly a month later, still is, in many ways. Graphical bugs plague Cyberpunk, whether it’s broken animations, physics, or NPCs. To make matters worse, the game, while not unstable in my experience (I had ONE crash in 95 hours), is poorly optimized, and runs under 60fps on all but the best hardware. That’s the bad news.

The good news is that when the game is running well (which was 90%+ of the time for me), the presentation is PHENOMENAL. Visually, Night City is spectacular. Everything in the game is graphically cutting edge, whether it’s the textures, lighting, surface reflections, or otherwise. Also, Cyberpunk 2077 has, hands down, the best original radio songs of any gave I’ve ever played. The ambiance bleeds the cyberpunk aesthetic too, a perfect fit for the setting. It’s a shame there’s so many issues out of the box, because the presentation is unreal.

Night City is Breathtaking

If there’s one thing that can’t be disputed about CP2077, it’s the intricate, lived-in, believable setting of Night City. Ads play when you ride an elevator. The dense city skyline is legitimately jaw dropping. Markets are filled with city goers. City streets are bustling with vehicles. Gangs have their own turf, and will both rob and murder pedestrians, and engage in gunfights with the NCPD. When you come upon a troubled area, “fixers” will call you with jobs to do in the very location you’re standing in. To have this breathing, over-crowded, visually stunning ecosystem all at your finger-tips is genuinely overwhelming and electrifying. It’s a singular experience, and one I can never forget.

FPS or RPG?

There’s been some puzzlement over whether Cyberpunk 2077 is primarily a FPS or a RPG. It’s a hard question to answer because it’s clearly both, but I’d say the game skews toward being more of a FPS. First person gunplay and melee combat are the central gameplay mechanic, as there are several flashy weapons for every kind of play style, and cyber ware that enhances however you’ve built your character.

This level of variety brings in RPG components. The leveling system is detailed, but a little too focused on number crunching over new abilities. Cosmetically, your character is plenty customizable, with a great character creator and numerous outfits and vehicles to suit up with later. On top of this, you get three story backgrounds to choose from, which changes many dialogue options throughout the entire game. Dialogue within itself is also bent toward roleplaying, but important decisions are clearly telegraphed, and much of it is otherwise expositional. Altogether, in its gameplay, CP2077 is a well-designed FPS with strong RPG mechanics.

The Side Quests are both Cyber and Punk

When talking quests, it should be said that none of them are auto-generated. There are some less interesting quests, like clearing out gangsters from an area for the NCPD, but many of the side quests are complex and intensely entertaining. One of my favorite involves being contracted by a candidate for mayor of Night City to investigate the death of the previous mayor. Another excellent side quest sees you aiding a psychologically fragmented, possibly sentient AI who runs a taxi service all by itself. Another still allows you to accompany an old rock star as he lives out a personal vendetta against a bunch of weeaboo pop-stars – yes, they still exist in 2077.

The writing in these quests, and many more, contain some of the freshest and most original subject matter I’ve come across in an open-world RPG. They utilize the cyberpunk setting flawlessly for narrative purposes, it’s really engrossing stuff; the kind that keeps you up playing until 4ÆM in the morning. Even better, all of these major side quests have multiple story branches and decisions, allowing you to express your character’s personality and affect others. I really couldn’t be more impressed by the side quests.

Main Narrative & Characters

Getting into the nitty gritty of the narrative, you play as V, a cyber-enhanced mercenary in Night City with a past life of your choosing. Your partner in crime, Jackie, has scored “major-league” with a job offer from one of the biggest players in Night City, Dexter DeShawn. Only problem is, it’s a job that requires you to steal from Arasaka, possibly the most powerful corporation in the world. I won’t spoil, but this mission takes a turn for the worst, and you end up slotting the stolen tech from Arasaka into your head to keep it from destabilizing. Inside is the mental construct of Johnny Silverhand – an old rocker boy and terrorist who died in 2020. He now appears to you in your head, but is also slowly restructuring your psyche into his own. Before Johnny takes over your mind and body, you have to find a way to remove the chip, without killing yourself in the process.

On the way you form intimate relationships, friendships, and become nemeses with several characters, which truly turbocharges the writing in Cyberpunk. I’m not exaggerating when I say that many of these fantastic characters made me smile, laugh, and feel pangs of sadness or anger. Cyberpunk’s writing is truly masterful.

Conclusion

The feelings of awe and total absorption I had playing Cyberpunk 2077 were ones I haven’t had since I played The Witcher 3: Blood and Wine in 2016. I know it’s an unpopular opinion at the moment, but Cyberpunk is right up there with the RPG greats. The setting is incredible, the gameplay is fun, the quests are brimming with novelty, and the writing will pull your heartstrings and headstrings like you wouldn’t believe. This is a 10/10 game… when its issues are fixed. For now, I’ll give it a 9.5, to prevent the perception of being a total shill. Play it as soon as there are major patches.

Personal Rating: 9.5/10 – Categorically Phenomenal
 

Odysseus
226 products in account
35
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
52.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 12
GTX 3070 and a AMD Ryzen 5 3600XT Cyberpunk ran absolutely fine on pretty much full whack details with Ray Tracing off, Ray Tracing on was impressive but dropped frame rates to 30fps or lower so that was off.

46 hours on the first play through, no mods - I didn't do all the side missions or explore even some of the main side quests. I knew I'd be playing this again but, we'll get to that shortly... here is what I thought (apologies for any minor spoilers here, there won't be many)

In terms of character build, my go to is a stealthy play style and wanted to be a Corporate sneaky hacker... and we'll get to that shortly as well...

First impressions of the game are like woah - really ambitious world building. Night City is a triumph of design, full and rich in design. Easily one of the best city sandboxes I've played in. There is some goofy stuff going on occasionally, cars magically driving into the floor and stuff like that, but it's generally ok, nothing I have not seen before in other city sandboxes.

Driving around the city - as cool as Night City looks - is not always that fun however. I couldn't place my finger on why but ultimately I concluded it was because none of the vehicles were that interesting or varied. I mean, there are a lot of vehicle types, and they all look the part, but driving them felt a little flat and underwhelming. I generally stuck to one of the first vehicles you get, a motorbike, simply because it was the nippiest to get around when I needed it, or fast travelled.

One very nice touch with the vehicles is that you can summon any you own at any time - I appreciate this feature greatly.

So let's talk about missions. In typical open world style we've got main missions, side missions and what I'd call side-side-missions, to which there are a few variants.

Side-side missions are a mixed bag; Steal something, rescue someone, kill someone etc. I found these quite fun, kind of reminiscent of Deus Ex HR side missions in that there was always more than one option for the player to complete it. Being a stealth hacker with knives these were no problem - even if it kicked off I was able to mangle through it.

There are also these missions called Cyberpsychos where you've got to either kill or capture a person who has gone a bit mad from all the mods they've installed up their arse - These are fun and varied in that each one have a different 'thing' about them - one might be a sniper, and one might be an invisible katana wielding ninja, you get subtle clues just before the encounter. It was interesting to get some background on the person afterwards (like context as to why they went crazy) I challenged myself to capture these guys instead of outright killing them - which unfortunately doesn't make a huge difference (as far as I could tell anyway)

Ordinary side quests are to give you depth to some of the other main characters in the game - I hardly explored some of the characters, like Panam I think I did the one main quest and never spoke to her again. I intend to on the next play through.

A frustrating part of the character interactions linked to the side quests was that I found 'V' as your character, sometimes was completely off point with some of the dialogue choices. Most of the time you're a hard arse, but other times, out of no-where, you're almost too empathic and caring, I disliked this inconsistency and it actually became quite distracting at times. It felt like the game was not letting me play like I wanted to play.

The main mission and overarching story of the game is -ok- I'm not sure if the point got lost on me or I was distracted by other factors but I found the main plot was alright. During my play through I had to reload a save from one mission due to a bug, where a vehicle I had to tail ended up inside a wall and couldn't move, but otherwise I never found any other game breaking bugs. There are a few other glips like enemies seeing bodies through walls, or reloading a save and enemies are 'alerted' for no reason - nothing that really caused me a big issue though.

I found the gunplay pretty good. There is a decent selection of weapons. I tried sticking to my throwing knives and katana loadout mostly but you do need to shoot sometimes and the game encourages, even forces a shootout sometimes. Guys dodging bullets in realtime Matrix style, the first time you see it is like - holy sh*t that looks good!

Quick hacking during a fight is pretty awesome too - even if it is like casting digital spells, it still felt cool to overload a guys optics just before stepping out and slicing his head off - Never saw it comin'

What I wanted to say about a stealthy play style; You're not particularly rewarded for being passive or stealthy. It's also not possible sometimes to stealth certain sections - although oddly stealth is really encouraged a lot of the time. There is even an optic camo mod that really helps you out in this aspect, but you should know stealth is not the primary mode of play in CP2077, IMO. Shooting is.

I have to talk about Keanu Reeves' role in Cyberpunk as Jonny Silverhand. I genuinely thought it was some sort of marketing gimmick, a celebrity endorsement, that he'd play a small 5 minute role, and boy I was wrong - His role in the game is probably one of the strongest out of all the characters. [small spoiler in the remainder of this paragraph] Anyone who played Batman Arkham Night, where Joker appears to Batman in the environment, makes comments or jokes, or gives an opinion on something - this is a lot like what Jonny role is for a large part of CP2077. Even in small side quests he can appear when you don't expect it, and has lines of dialogue that are sometimes humorous or insightful. Sometimes he just appears and is looking at something. I can't talk too much about this character as he is tied into the main story line, but I was really impressed with his dialogue and voice acting throughout. [end of spoiler]

Character development to me, seemed to be broken - From what I understand, if you invest points in a skill tree, you should get more perks for that tree, but I never did. I only ended up with about 5 perks and couldn't seem to add any more points into that tree. This was especially obvious with the ninjitsu tree, I unlocked everything I could, it was practically my main weapon (a dagger and a katana) yet I never seemed to be able to progress it any further than the initial unlocks. Next play through I'm going to figure this out.

There is also a crafting aspect to the game, which I can honestly say I never used. I can't really see its place in the game, seems a bit pointless when in every fight / mission you'll likely find a new weapon which is better than you're old one. You can also upgrade your weapons and clothes and stuff - but again, I was never short up upgrades from people I'd just killed.

So to sum up... This is CD Projekt and they gave us Witcher. They clearly worked hard and attempted to deliver something big, and anything following Witcher 3 would be extremely difficult to top.... I can't make excuses for the initial release of CP2077 and I certainly have not found CP2077 to be as impactful or profound as Witcher but despite its flaws, its definitely a good game. I would recommend it.
 

FixxxeR
447 products in account
5
80 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
If you're looking for a decent RPG, I'd advise you to search somewhere else.
My PC isn't exactly up to snuff, so I won't comment too much on the technical aspects, but I'll talk a bit about the gameplay and world itself.

The world and lore of cyberpunk itself is pretty interesting, and the story, at least for me, is also very solid. Your interactions with this world, however, are pretty shallow. NPCs walk through the streets on a scripted path like zombies, only to eventually despawn and be replaced by another NPC. Cars do the same, and will despawn after you move away from them a bit. Neither cars nor NPCs have AI, so they don't actually respond to what the character does, unless scripted to. For example, if you park your car in the middle of the street, cars will just pile up until the obstruction is removed. They won't go around it. If you so much as bump into a police officer, they will turn hostile. Accidentally brush an NPC too hard? They all flee in terror. Punch the air? NPCs will duck and beg you to spare their lives.

Speaking of the police system, it isn't passable for a game released in 2020, especially after 8 years of development. Once you are wanted, police will spawn a few yards behind you infinitely until you move out of the area. Alternatively, you can duck and hide briefly and they'll go away. You can hack someone with a sword, police come, hide for a couple minutes, and then hear them say "oh I'm sure they won't do it again".

The world itself features very little interactivity too. NPCs only say one or two things if you try to talk to them. Most of the doors are "locked" in the world. Initially I thought that meant I could eventually unlock them, but no, it simply means they are inaccessible. If you help police take care of a criminal, they won't realize the criminal is gone and will still speak as if he or she is there. (This could be a bug, not sure). I once saw a man pounding on a vending machine, because it ate his money. I hacked the machine and made it dispense many cans. The man continued to beg on the machine, not responding to the myriad of cans on the floor.

Compare this to the kid chasing the rat in Fallout New Vegas. If you kill the rat, the kid will thank you and begin eating it. Small details like this makes the world feel alive. Unfortunately for Cyberpunk, everything feels for show, and if you look even somewhat closely, it all falls apart.

It falls completely flat as an RPG. Your decisions will rarely have consequences, and the ones that do only have very short term effects. Dialogue options are poor, giving your normally only 1 real option, and 1,2, or 3 side options to get more exposition. Every couple of hours or so, the game may give you a speech check, but this only yields more information and doesn't have a real impact on the story. You also cannot fail checks and get a hostile or comical response, the option is just greyed out if you do not meet the requirements. You can't flesh our your character's personality, its all pretty much premade for you.

Cybernetics, one of the core parts of the game, have a marginal impact on the story. The enemies and characters you will encounter will get pretty neat implants, but most will not be available to you. Outside of the ones on your arms, cybernetics do not change your character cosmetically, and most improvements are superficial. For example, I've noticed many implants just give additional carrying capacity, or increase armor. There is also not cutscene for installing said implants, though there is 1 cutscene when you get the very first one in a story mission, and that is it. You install cybernetics the same way you buy cup ramen, and it seems so anticlimactic given how cool the first scene is.

Crafting is pretty much pointless, and the upgrades are marginal. You are better off finding a new gun or looting one off an enemy. In this regard, the game often feels like a looter shooter, but not a very good one. Searching for items and looting in general both suck. The combat itself is decent, but enemies become bullet sponges very quickly unless you constantly upgrade your gear. On the other hand, they will also kill you very quickly if you do not upgrade your armor. On the topic of combat, the AI is so basic in this regard you can pretty much cheese through any encounter, and enemies are only ever real threats if they are seriously overleveled in comparison to you, though even in this situation, you might still be able to cheese the AI by stunlocking it or hiding behind cover. During a mini boss encounter, I took cover behind a crate. Instead of chasing me out, the enemy just looked at me as I shot it in the head dozens of times, not moving once until it had died.

Side quests in general are pretty uninteresting. There were some good ones, but overall most of them feel like filler content, used to get money and gear for the main quest. The main quest tends to give more than enough money and gear anyways, so doing side quests doesn't seem all that necessary, and when most of them are pretty uninteresting, I doubt a lot of players (including myself) will go out of their way to finish them. That said, there were some real gems, but most were "go here, touch or kill objective, get reward". There is also a radiant quest system, akin to Skyrim or Fallout 4, where quests will generate randomly. These include hostage situations, assaults you can intervene in, shootings, stuff along this line. For me, these scaled very poorly to my equipment. Enemies would take dozens of headshots and lose a fraction of their health, but would kill me in one hit. At the same time, the main campaign seemed more appropriate in difficult for my progression. It was odd and frustrating.



Overall, the story is decent, and the combat can be fun at times, though the AI is pitifully easy to manipulate and not going at using tactics. As an RPG, the game falls completely flat, and feels more like a hallway shooter than an open world adventure. The setting is mostly a cosmetic backdrop, and while good lore was written for it, they do little maximize on this in game.
 

PanzerFoster
63 products in account
2
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Recommended
116.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 30
I was as hyped as most were for Cyberpunk 2077, especially after seeing the demo at PAX Australia. I was disappointed as everyone was at the state of the game on launch, but instead of trying to power through a broken game, or joining in on the mindless hatred and abuse of CD Projekt Red, I opted instead to wait to play. I had heard good things about patch 1.5 and decided that it was time to give it another try. I won't lie, there are still several bugs, but I did not encounter anything that broke my save, or stopped me from being able to progress.

This game has become one of my favourite games. A game where I wish I could forget each playthrough so that I could experience the story again. I was continuously impressed by the music, visuals and voice acting. The story was like a cyber noir novel, and I was constantly engrossed in the lore of the world. It left me wanting more Cyberpunk, and I was eager to play again immediately after my first playthrough.

I desperately hope that we will see more Cyberpunk 2077 content in the future, and hopefully a Cyberpunk 2078!
 

LtBlamBlam
547 products in account
0
78 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 6
I really tried to like this game, took advantage of the sale price and can see why people are disappointed in it.

It's empty, and still feels rushed, even after apparent fixes and patches. Whole game just feels 'heartless' if that makes sense.

Numerous bugs, often couldn't engage dialogue because prompts wouldn't activate unless in a very particular spot. Speech between characters is often delayed and clipping/disappearing NPCs was regular.


 

mfkobe
45 products in account
5
59 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
211.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2021
Still a bit buggy at times but I havent encountered any game-breaking bugs so far despite almost having finished the game. I think most of it has been fixed. Overall I love this game and its gotta be the best one I have played in a long time in terms of the plot story and the sound tracks. Absolutely majestic visuals too but i have never been able to get 60 fps even on low settings on my GTX1060 6gb when cruising through busy parts of the city. My resolution in 1920x1080.

(Spoiler ahead) Bugs that I mainly encountered are related to character models such as messed up models or missing alcohol glass while having drinks at a bar and missing items such as the invisible relic chip Jacky handed me over before dying.
 

Aelius
30 products in account
6
603 people found this review helpful
412 people found this review funny 57

Recommended
81.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2021
⡿⡿⣻⢿⢿⢿⢿⢿⣿⣿⣿⠟⡋⠍G E T T I N G C O C K⢛⠻⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⢿⢿⢿⣻
⣗⡽⡮⡷⣽⣺⣽⣿⣾⠟⠈⠄⠄⡀⢁⠂⢘⠈⡈⡠⠁⠄⢀⠘⠄⠄⠈⠄⠄⠄⠈⠈⠳⠻⣯⣿⣽⣞⣵⡳
⣗⢯⢫⢯⣷⡿⣽⠏⡁⠁⠄⠄⠄⢄⠅⠐⡂⠁⠁⠄⠄⠄⠐⡑⠄⠌⡄⠅⠄⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠘⢿⣻⣾⣳⢯
⣿⡴⣤⠅⢓⢹⢜⠁⡀⠄⠄⡡⠈⠂⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠐⠘⢀⠄⠄⡀⠄⠠⠁⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠙⣿⣿⣟
⠿⢿⠻⢝⣿⡿⢢⢁⢀⢑⠌⠄⡈⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣰⣴⣴⣬⣄⣀⠂⠄⠂⠄⢀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢟⣿⣿
⡀⠄⠄⣸⣾⣛⢈⠄⢸⠐⠄⠨⠄⠄⠄⡀⣜⣞⣾⣿⣯⣿⣿⣿⣄⡀⢴⢼⣐⢬⠠⠄⠐⠄⠄⠄⠄⠘⣿⣿
⠋⣀⣵⣿⣽⡇⢃⢘⠜⠅⠈⠄⠄⢀⢔⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣽⢾⢿⣳⢷⢿⡯⣷⣿⡌⠄⠄⠨⠄⠄⠄⠄⣻⣿
⠄⣿⣿⡟⣾⠇⢠⠧⠁⠄⠄⡀⠄⣰⣿⣿⣯⡏⣯⢿⢽⡹⣏⢿⡺⡱⢑⠽⡹⡺⣜⢄⠅⠄⠈⡀⠄⠄⢸⣿
⣾⣻⢳⣝⡯⢡⢹⣇⠄⠐⠄⠄⢠⣺⣿⣿⣿⢾⣿⢽⡵⣽⡺⣝⢎⢎⢶⢕⢌⢭⢣⢑⠄⠄⠄⠈⠄⠄⢸⣿
⣿⠧⢃⡳⠉⡈⢮⠃⠄⠄⠇⠄⣔⣿⣿⣿⣾⣿⣯⣯⢿⢼⡪⡎⡯⡝⢵⣓⢱⢱⡱⡪⡂⠄⠐⠄⠂⠄⠰⣿
⡿⢡⢪⠄⢰⠨⣿⠁⢈⣸⠄⠄⢿⢿⣻⢿⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣻⣮⢮⣯⣾⡵⣪⡪⡱⣹⣪⡂⠄⠄⢈⠄⠄⠄⣿
⣈⡖⡅⠄⢪⢴⢊⠁⢐⢸⠄⠄⡨⡢⡈⠈⠉⠻⢟⣷⡿⣟⢗⣽⡷⣿⢯⣞⣕⣧⣷⡳⠅⠄⠅⢐⠄⠄⠄⣿
⡣⡟⠜⠸⡁⣷⠁⠄⢅⢸⡀⠄⠄⠈⡀⠥⠄⡀⠄⠄⠈⠐⣷⡳⠙⠕⠩⠘⠁⠃⠁⠄⠄⠄⡂⢆⠄⠄⠄⣸
⣻⠍⠄⢣⣣⠏⠠⠐⠌⣪⠃⡐⢔⢌⡛⡎⡢⠄⢀⢄⢠⣳⣿⡎⠄⠄⢀⠤⠄⡈⠌⠊⠄⢀⠘⠨⠄⠄⠄⢸
⠑⠠⢂⢮⡳⠠⠂⠁⡅⡯⠐⢨⡺⡌⡯⡪⣞⣼⣵⡧⣟⣿⣿⣗⠄⠄⠐⡢⣒⢆⢐⢠⠁⠄⠄⠈⠄⠄⠄⢻
⢅⢢⠫⡫⠙⠨⠄⣃⢎⡗⢈⠰⠸⡸⡸⣝⣿⣿⡗⡽⣽⣿⣿⣿⠄⢐⣔⢽⣼⣗⣷⢱⠁⠄⠅⠁⠐⠄⠄⢾
⡵⣰⠏⡐⠱⡑⢨⡬⢻⡕⠐⠈⡪⡣⡳⡱⡳⠱⢍⣳⢳⣿⣿⣿⠄⢐⢵⢻⣳⣟⢎⠪⠄⠄⠐⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿
⡷⠁⡀⠄⠨⢂⣸⢉⠆⢑⠌⢠⢣⢏⢜⠜⡀⡤⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠠⠄⠨⡗⡧⡳⡑⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿
⢖⠠⠄⢰⠁⢴⣃⠞⠄⠕⣈⣺⣵⡫⡢⣕⣷⣷⡀⠄⡈⢟⠝⠈⢉⡢⡕⡭⣇⠣⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿
⢻⡐⢔⢠⠪⡌⢌⠆⠐⢐⢨⣾⣷⡙⠌⠊⠕⠁⠄⠊⡀⠄⠠⠄⠡⠁⠓⡝⡜⡈⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⡮⡀⠄⣿
⠘⢨⢪⠼⠘⠅⠄⠂⠄⡀⢻⣿⣇⠃⠑⠄⠒⠁⢂⠑⡔⠄⠌⡐⠄⠂⠠⢰⡑⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢠⣡⢱⣶⣿
⢢⢂⠫⡪⣊⠄⠣⡂⠂⡀⠨⠹⡐⣜⡾⡯⡯⢷⢶⢶⠶⣖⢦⢢⢪⠢⡂⡇⠅⠄⠄⠈⠄⢰⠡⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿
⢑⠄⠧⣟⡎⢆⡃⡊⠔⢀⠄⠈⣮⢟⡽⣿⣝⡆⠅⠐⡁⠐⠔⣀⢣⢑⠐⠁⡐⠈⡀⢐⠁⠄⠈⠃⢻⣿⣿⣿
⢑⠁⢮⣾⡎⢰⢐⠈⢌⢂⠐⡀⠂⡝⡽⣟⣿⣽⡪⢢⠂⡨⢪⠸⠨⢀⠂⡁⢀⠂⠄⢂⢊⠖⢄⠄⢀⢨⠉⠛
⡰⢺⣾⡗⠄⡜⢔⠡⢊⠢⢅⢀⠑⠨⡪⠩⠣⠃⠜⡈⡐⡈⡊⡈⡐⢄⠣⢀⠂⡂⡁⢂⠄⢱⢨⠝⠄⠄⠄⠄
 

Welnord
123 products in account
19
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
149.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2021
RATING 7/10

Honestly this game can only be described by one word "Rushed" (Spoiler Alert). It looks like everything was rushed in almost every department. Be it Story, Gameplay, Graphics or A.I.

So the story started off pretty fun until they had Jackie killed. After that It went downhill, It felt lackluster and booring, Literally the only shot they had at a more interesting character relationship, they killed him off way too early and so the rest of the story from that point seemed pretty lacking. Some certain side missions saved it for me especially Panam's and Rogue's Questline,

As for the graphics, I dont really have any complaints on this. Graphics are absolutely amazing, those open world textures are simply one of the best I have seen. But they gotta work on that shadow glitch. Its pretty annoying and funny lmao.


Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ CDPR added to it

>The Hacking/BD system was also childish, A lot childish actually. Watch Dogs and Nier Automata did a way better job on this.
>The Cops system and Wanted level is also just dumb, You get only 1 star wanted level and apparently all the cops are behind you out of nowhere? Bruh learn something from GTA. Rockstars knows how this is done.
>I didnt understand that booring Cutscene structure, It didnt suit the game. Separate Cutscenes would have been a lot better for a game as big as this.

As for the bugs which everyone's been talking about everywhere, I havent encountered a single bug until now except for the Shadows Glitch, maybe just upgrade your PC before lashing out on a game and saying *Its buggy* ??

My personal rating would be 7/10 and most of it is due to the the amazing graphics and some certain side missions, they saved the game for me. The story had potential but they ♥♥♥♥♥ it up.
 

_Osama!
1,981 products in account
6
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
60.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2020
Don't buy it, Samurai.
 

Poison
707 products in account
0
891 people found this review helpful
1,029 people found this review funny 68

Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
cant believe cd project is putting john wick from fortnite in cyberpunk. smh kids ruin everything these days
 

aWoL
6,107 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
78.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
سأقوم بالحديث بشكل مسهب أكثر في مقطع قادم إن شاء الله على قناتي لكن أردت دعم الإطلاق الناجح على اللعبة
تجربتي على الحاسب مبهرة و سلسلة ولم أواجه أي مشكلة أثناء لعبي في القصة او حتى في المهمات الجانبية .
بل حتى أنني أستطعت إنهاء الثلاث نهايات الرئيسية للقصة .
حزين على الفريق المطور بسبب الإطلاق الغير الموفق على الأجهزة المنزلية .

موجز حديثي عن هذه اللعبة هو أنها قدمت تجربة رائعة كما توقعنا منها في العمق القصصي و متعة رائعة في كثرة المهمات وحياة العالم .
ربما الإسقاطة الوحيدة التي خذلتني هي الموسيقى في هذا الجزء ، عند مقارنة هذه اللعبة بالويتشر فلايوجد أي ساوندتراك واحد خلد في ذهني

جزيل الشكر لهم على ترجمة هذه اللعبة الدسمة جدا ، اضافت الترجمة متعة أكبر .
متطلع للمحتوى الإضافي لهذ العمل لكن للأسف يبدوا بأن إنتظارنا سيطول نظرا لمشاكل الإطلاق على الأجهزة الأخرى
 

Abo lo6fa
227 products in account
6
25 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
119.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
I play on a 1060, as the recommended says, yet I can't run 60 fps even on the lowest settings with a 1080p resolution. The game is good, but don't expect to play it on high resolution unless you have 2080 or 3080.

EDIT: Okay, after playing for about 100 hours, tried all the options, finished all side and main quests, I have to admit... It was worth 60 eddies. Don't get discouraged by everyone complaining about the glitches. Sure, there are many of them. But as you get immersed into this world, you will forget about them.

Pro Tip: I finished all the life paths, doesn't really matter which one you choose, only the first few minutes are different and only rarely it gives you an extra option in a conversation, other than that it does not change anything at all. Also, I finished the game on the "Very Hard" option and it was not hard at all, so do not fear it.

This game can make you view life from a new perspective.

Always remember: "The wider the smile, the bigger the lies."
 

ThePro Official ©
0
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2021
Cyberpunk 2077 is a game that I haven’t quite been looking forward to reviewing. I have such a huge love/hate relationship with this game that constantly alters my opinion on what I’ve experienced every other day.

On the one hand, you have a gorgeous looking story driven game telling an interesting and memorable story that is driven by its brilliant cast of characters, and on the other hand you have an “action & adventure” game that can feel so dull and monotonous to play, which is brought even lower by the onslaught of bugs. So yeah, Cyberpunk 2077 is pretty interesting.

In Night City, looks are everything...

CDPR have a funny idea of telling the truth, but one thing that they weren’t lying about for sure is just how beautiful the city looks. They went all out when it came to making a city that had the ability to make you go “wow” around almost every corner.

The city has a design that feels both familiar and futuristic. You have massive skyscrapers covered in holographic adverts to worn down slums and suburbs to culturally influenced locations such as China and Japan town. Each district of Night City has character. The scale of some of the districts is immense, and quite unlike anything I’ve seen in a game. Right from the get-go you can see just how much work went into making this city. There is a huge attention to detail all over the map. The more linear sections of the game world hold up just as well.

The game stays true to the idea that looks are everything. In doing so however, the game world lacks a seriously important element; life. Night City is truly a dead place to live in. So much work has been put into making the game world look good and not nearly enough time into making it feel alive. Player interaction with the world is miniscule, and as a result, travelling from one mission to another makes the city feel like a glorified loading screen.

This is further damaged by the abundance of bugs. The AI is laughable at best. NPCs don’t have any realistic paths to follow and will sometimes just walk in circles. As for traffic, cars will stop in the middle of the road for no reason. Hell, sometimes the cars just disappear when you look away. While these bugs are funny at first, they start to hamper your immersion in the game world. It’s sad to say that Night City is all looks and no substance.

We have a city to burn…

Cyberpunk 2077 follows protagonist V as they journey to Night City with the ambition of becoming a legend. However, after a job goes horribly wrong and a string of events unfold, the story becomes one of survival.

Along the way you meet a variety of interesting and brilliantly voice acted characters, each with their own personality and backstories. If I were to pick a favourite aspect of Cyberpunk 2077, it would definitely be the characters. They were the driving force of this game for me and they really helped carry the narrative. Even Keanu Reeves’ character was superb.

The story itself is really good too. While I do think it takes a while to get there, by the end of act 1 it really picks up. The pacing of act 2 and 3 are fine, and I was more than satisfied with the ending I got. Side quests are a mixed bag, but the ones involving characters you meet throughout the story are well worth the investment. Dialogue options allow for a variety of outcomes to happen in some situations, and the writing as a whole is fantastic.

Most of the narrative’s shortcomings appear in the first act. If you watched the trailers, you may have heard about the lifepaths. Three different backgrounds that are supposed to have an impact on what kind of person V is. Well… they don’t. What you get is a 20-minute prologue that feels like cut content and has no impact throughout the game. After that you are thrown into the city to be a mercenary, no matter which lifepath you pick. The only differing factor is you may sometimes get one extra dialogue option based on your lifepath.

Another problem I have with the narrative is how it skips V’s introduction into the city. You get a cutscene that is a time lapse of V arriving in the city, meeting crime bosses and doing big things. Then when you actually play in Night City you are always being contacted by people your character knows, but you as the player do not. It’s quite jarring, and although you get used to it, it’s a shame you can’t experience all of that for yourself.

Wreaking Havoc in Night City…

The gameplay is where the lackluster elements of Cyberpunk 2077 really become noticeable. In short, most aspects of the gameplay either felt rushed, unfinished, or incredibly mediocre. Let’s start with the combat.

The combat can be split into three categories: guns, hacking and melee. My opinion on the gun play varied depending on what type of gun I was using. I typically found the pistols and assault rifles to be rather tame, whereas shotguns and sniper rifles had a much better feel to them. Most weapons you find can be modified and upgraded to improve their strength and effectiveness.

The hacking is a bit of a mixed bag. I usually used hacking when in stealth related situations. Stealth in this game… It’s there, but hacking makes it much more memorable, and you can unlock more hacks as you find new equipment. I found the interface for hacking to be quite clunky and because of that I rarely used it outside of stealth.

The melee combat is strange because sometimes it can be really good and other times it can be really bad. Sometimes it feels like you’re hitting a wall instead of a person. That being said, throwing a grenade at enemies and then charging in with a katana never gets old.

The main thing that lets the combat down is the poor AI. It is really bad. Enemies are really stupid and will sometimes just stand in the open wanting to be shot. It doesn’t help that enemies are usually bullet spongey which results in combat sequences feeling dragged.

The more I played Cyberpunk however, the more the combat experience improved, and this is thanks to the game’s skill system. As you level up you acquire skill points that can be invested in different areas such as pistols, body strength, hacking, stealth and many more. The game offers you complete freedom in how you want your gameplay experience to evolve, and while the skill system is a bit messy to look at, it does have a positive influence on the combat.

I’ll finish off this section by saying that Cyberpunk’s gameplay is far from the worst. If I didn’t enjoy it to some degree I would’ve stopped playing. My problem with it is that it just doesn’t go far enough to impress. There are definitely moments where the intensity is raised and the gameplay feels great. But the majority of the gameplay felt slogged and repetitive. Bullet sponge enemies with dumb AI only make that experience worse.

My Final Thoughts

Cyberpunk 2077 had a lot of work put into it and that is clear right from the start. The game boasts a beautiful world with immense scale, and has some of the best cast of characters I’ve seen in a long time, and with a cracking story to go along with it, it’s an incredible success in the writing department.

As far as everything else goes, - the gameplay, the technical issues, the lack of finalisation in some areas - It's a disappointment. Giving the game extra time to fix bugs won't fix some of the fundamental issues. While I do recommend this game, I would wait for the bugs to be fixed, then buy it on sale.

Pros:
-Really good main story
-Some of the best characters I’ve seen in a game
-Breath-taking city design with impressive scale
-Decent gun play
-Good skill progression

Cons:
-Feels unfinished in many areas
-Way too many bugs to be acceptable
-Mediocre combat and bad AI
-Lack of interaction and life in the city
-Life paths are disappointing

Final Ratings:
Story Rating: 8/10.
Gameplay Rating: 5.5/10.
 

Narukoopa
580 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
152.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 11
I don't write detailed reviews in general but felt after the massive scrutiny of this game that it was worth to put my word in (granted I played after patch 1.5).

I played through all of the available game content and CD Projekt clearly show they have a passionate and talented team that poured their hearts into this game, similar to the Witcher 3.

The narrative, graphics, immersion and environment are absolutely second to none. I just love strolling by foot or cruising via car/bike through little tokyo downtown with all the colourful neon lights, advertisements, futuristic sounds, dark alleys, etc.

The game offers you a comprehensive RPG choice how to develop your character which determines how you want to play the game and I absolutely love the addictive combat which I think is quite innovative (I played as a quick-hacker + blade specialist + tech/smart-gun slinger) with the ability to mix between your skillsets which never gets old. Each combat encounter always feels unique as I for example would start with a hack, then switch to a tech sniper and shoot through walls, then throw a flashbang, slide in and slice some baddies with blades and finish up the last guys with missile locking smart guns from behind cover...damn that feeling of badassness feels good!

The negative perception this game has was probably highlighted primarily by folks playing the weak ports on PS4/Xbox one and they make big catchy headlines like 'CYBERPUNK IS A FAILURE' to prioritize views without a constructive assessment. It's easy to watch a youtube video titled such as 'all bugs/everything wrong with cyberpunk' and just have a perception of distaste before even considering the strengths of the game.

Yes there are flaws in the game, including in this PC version such as technical bugs. These bugs to me were funny most of the time (check my screenshots) but nothing game breaking at all. FurtherThere are missed gameplay opportunities based on the scale of the environment or what people thought from the marketing trailers, but this is how I see it:
1. This is their first entry in the franchise. They had to prioritize creating a playable and immersive universe from scratch which is a lot of work. Remember Mass Effect 1 and Witcher 1? Were they perfect? No but I fell in love with the universe and the sequels refined the gameplay. So I can't wait for the cyberpunk sequel.
2. I did not buy into the massive marketing hype before the game release. Sure it is nice to have Keanu Reeves being breathtaking on stage but I felt it was the perfect storm for people to slam the game once released. I knew it would be a great game but thought people were overly excited expecting sheer perfection. I adjusted my expectations to let the game speak for itself.
3. This is CD Projekt's first attempt into a shooter-open world RPG game (they weren't a big developer just a few years ago if you can recall). So I bet on the business side to expand their team and work on a game this complex this was a huge endeavor. For example their in-house game engine had to be expanded from scratch to support a massive city and probably contributed to a flawed launch. It seems this is why CD Projekt also decided to use Unreal Engine for their future releases given the technical issues.

The game ultimately felt like a long +150 hour journey where that was so memorable as you develop as V with Keanu Reeves and a solid cast of characters. What was a blast and it felt unfortunate once I ran out of content! I don't get this feeling from a game often!

Further, it is important to give kudos to CD Projekt prioritizing overall quality improvement updates in the past year instead of rushing in paid DLC content like many other developers do. That speaks to their acknowledgement of their rushed release and goodwill to prioritize their customers to fix the game first and win back public trust for future games.

My [*cough* controversial] opinion is that I enjoyed the game much more than GTA V. I feel GTA V mechanisms and combat are a bit simplistic for my taste and lacks the gameplay/character development and the environment is pretty but static outside of missions. Perhaps that simplicity is the actual appeal to the average gamer and is one of the reasons cyberpunk may have not hit off with some folks. Cyberpunk is a complicated game without a perfect explanation of mechanics for average folks (I had to manually look up on wiki to find out how to get mantis blades or get slow motion, etc). I certainly feel cyberpunk will appeal to a niche demographic of patient gamers.

Cyberpunk 2077 has it's flaws, it's not perfect, nor did I expect it to be. But I think over time in future years people will look back at this game and say "Cyberpunk 2077 is an underrated game if you don't focus on the negative articles...it was actually a very ambitious endeavor and did many things great!".

One of my main complaints of the game is the end of the game after I played most of the side and main missions. I have all these upgraded cool weapons, skills, vehicles, assets and plenty more money...but I have limited opportunities/remaining gameplay content to use them. So may be future DLC will address this now that they kinda of fixed the bugs?

I rate the game 9/10 as one of the most memorable and engaging games with rather unique gameplay since I played the Witcher 3.

Dear CD Projekt, you had some bumps along the way but you are on the right direction! Thank you for the experience!
 

Kiss_the_Goat
187 products in account
0
1,439 people found this review helpful
1,901 people found this review funny 220

Not Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
My dead dog runs better than this game
 

zimmer
195 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
354.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2021
Post-Patch 1.3 Review
Ignore my "Hours Played" as I tend to leave games on pause a lot. I played through the game twice, and have completed virtually every side-quest and collectible.

I held off on writing a review for this game because I was trying to give the developers time to finish it. I decided that now is a good time as we've had 9 months since release, and they've released the massive patch 1.3 for it. The entire Cyberpunk 2077 game folder is around 65GB before and after the patch, and patch 1.3 is around 36GB, so you have to assume they're replacing over half of the files in the game. With such a massive patch, you also have to assume it would fix a lot of things... well...

Glitches
This is STILL the main reason to avoid this game.
There is no doubt that this was one of the glitchiest AAA games ever released. Yes, I'm including Bethesda games as AAA titles. Sometimes amusing, most of the time frustrating, but they were (are) always immersion-breaking glitches. Those of us who bought the game near launch day hoped that these glitches would get ironed out soon. Well, a lot of the glitches did get ironed out, but "soon" isn't how I would describe it. Most importantly for anyone looking to buy this today, as of writing this review, there are still a TON of glitches. If you look back on patch notes for all of the post-launch patches, you can see the massive amount of glitches they've fixed, and there are still a lot more. You WILL experience glitches, and I advise saving often if you buy this game. Though, some glitches are so severe, even a reload won't fix them, but hopefully the numerous patches have fixed most of those. Save often and don't overwrite every time, make a new save.

Story (No Spoilers)
The story is pretty good, but it isn't as open-ended as you expect an RPG to be. Perhaps that's why when the game got closer to launch, CDPR downplayed the Role-Playing aspect and started referring to it as an action game. To me, that's fine, and I agree that it's an action game with deeper than average role-playing elements, but it's nowhere near Witcher 3 levels of depth, which is what most CDPR fans were expecting.

The story itself is well told, and you will like a lot of the characters you come into contact with. I will give CDPR points for this. Your actions do affect the game's outcomes to an extent, and there are a ton of optional questlines that heavily influence what is possible for the story ending. I would recommend playing through the game once without any spoilers, then looking up a guide for how to get a desirable ending and going through a second playthrough.

That said, for me, there's no desirable ending. The ending is just that, The End. There is no "keep on playing" option. The best version of that option is that the game will take you back to before you started a final quest line, and then it constantly pushes you to go through the quest again. The biggest problem with that is that your choices up to that point are already set, people who have died are still dead, relationships with those still alive are the same, etc. This will not change your available options for the endgame, so there's no point in doing that mission again, so why even have it as an option and show up (incessantly) as an incomplete quest?

Gameplay
For the most part, the gameplay is fine. there aren't too many points where the cutscenes are too intrusive or overly long. The cutscenes are all skippable and are interactive with in-game POV, so that's good. The driving, though patched to make it better, is still a bit clunky. Shooting feels alright, and breaching (cyber-attacking enemies) is satisfying. It is really easy to become over-powered compared to generic enemies, but I like that. I hate the trend over the last decade or more that all the enemies upgrade along side you, which defeats the purpose of leveling IMHO. I want to be able to feel like a God by the end of games like this, and this game delivers on that. The special enemies that you encounter later in the game's story are appropriately powered for what your level and skill-set are capable of handling, but that is expected and welcomed.

RPG Elements
The RPG Elements regarding leveling and upgrading your character are pretty deep, and really affect your playstyle. Shooting Game, Hack-n-slash, Net-Runner/Stealth, even Bare-Knuckle brawler can be you main attack style. The game's various patches have (supposedly) fixed a lot of issues with how the various ways of upgrading your character affects their abilities, so hopefully you shouldn't run into many issues there anymore. You can swap out your character's hardware and reset skill-points to change playstyle at any time, but it will cost you eddies (in-game currency)

Crafting gets pretty deep as well, and you can modify higher-level weapons and gear with various augmentations. You can upgrade most if not all the weapons and gear to legendary level as well, though there are definitely some weapons/gear that are better than others. You do need to find the crafting recipes for just about anything you want to craft or level up though.

Open World
At first, the game gives you a lot of stuff to do. You of course have the main questline. You take on a lot of jobs for various clients and fixers. You have random encounters that send you on little scavenger hunts. You have Police contracts all over the map. There is quite a lot to do... at first. Once you complete all of these encounters, contracts, and sidequests, they're gone. There is no regenerating quest system like some games have, even though it seems like it would be a fairly easy thing for this game to implement specifically with the police contracts. I guess this just drives home the "End Game" system that the Devs chose to go with. They really don't want you playing the game after you beat it. Either completely start over, or just stop playing. To me, that makes more sense for a linear game, but this "Open World Until We Say Stop" just seems counter-intuitive.

Also, why are the police so overpowered in this game? You take on several military-centric companies single-handed and lay waste to the toughest soldiers and mechs they have to offer, but a few beat cops can take you out with ease and cannot be hacked? This also make the game not worth a continued playthrough, because not only does it not make sense, it means you can't have some fun and go all GTA on the city without the game saying "Okay, now we're going to cheat because, reasons" ... Sure, losing the cops is easier than anything, but why not just let us fight them and increase their forces and power in waves? This is yet another missed opportunity. You have this super-powered character, but once you beat the game, the only thing you can use that power on is little groups of 3 generic gang members found randomly around the city. woooo... fun.

Conclusion
I could honestly keep going with criticisms I have for the game, and maybe a lot of them are just nitpicking beyond what I've already said. I just can't get over the regular glitches that are still in the game after all this time. People spawn or despawn regularly right in front of you. Physics often just go bat-sh** insane. Quest triggers just don't happen at all. Get used to seeing the T-pose. Judy's Ghost won't leave her apartment (that one might have been fixed) Like I said, glitches are the main reason I think people should stay away. Then a close second is that the Devs really seem to not want you to continue playing this game after you beat it despite the style and genre begging for continued play. Okay, it's your call, CDPR.

That just helps me conclude that is game is NOT recommended as of writing this review and at its current price. That might change if either the regular price drops to around $30 or less, or they release some significant FREE DLC that actually makes the game worth playing beyond what's already there.

 

OAN
126 products in account
2
16 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
43.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Cyberpunk. The most hyped title of 2020. Does it live up to the hype? Well, yes and no.

Story - The story isn't really something mind-blowing. Much of it so far is pretty straight forward, hitting some cliche tropes, you can pretty much tell who's going to be who and what's going to happen to them very early on to obvious character design and hints. If you're expecting an insane story that will blow you out of the water, its not here. However, that said, the story delivers extremely well. Very well. Every scene and chapter plays out like an intense action movie. Characters talk and feel real, and there are lots of voice lines that add to the immersion. You will definitely enjoy your time here. This is akin to going to a cinema and watching an Avengers or Transformers film. The story isn't going to rival RDR2 or Interstellar, but its fun.

Presentation - This is the strongest point of this game. Night City is very well done. Buildings are chock full of details and colour, streets are lively, trying to write it down here is doing it no justice. Set pieces are all very well done. Luxurious hotels and buildings feel like they should, seedy alleys and nightclubs feel like they should. Every place has its own charm, filled with life and makes you want to explore more. The amount of detail and variation of props and buildings makes the game very pretty. Downside of course is that on a mid range or lower end PC the game looks a little blurred, which might be due to settings, but the settings are a little confusing if you are new. The game looks very pretty, downside being a loss of detail when you are up close to something, but its still a very good looking game.

Missions - The game plays out like a standard AAA open world RPG. You have main quests, side missions and open world free roam activities. The main quests are amazing, and this is where you get to see the best parts. In between you do side missions, which are really just small missions that can be done in 10-15 minutes max. They are often about a small story in the area, though nothing deep. Most of them are pretty shallow, but there are quite plenty to do. The free roam activities are standard stuff, like attacking gang areas, or rescuing hostages.

Shooting - The guns feel great. They sound good, have a heavy thud to their shots and operating them feels good. The downside of course is that because CB is firstly an RPG, for several encounters the enemies are straight up bullet sponges, which make shooting feel pretty terrible when it happens. There are quite a few guns, although most of them are just copies of the same few sets. There are "smart guns" and "ricochet guns" that add some effect, though I have not found much use for them.

Sound - Another amazing aspect well delivered. Music is great, sound is amazing. It feels like you are playing Blade Runner as a game. Downside here is that quite often voices don't have the proper spatial mixing, so it feels like the person is talking and shouting in your ear when they are in the other room. This might be a bug.

Misc Downsides - There are a number of bugs. Some are very frustrating, such as when your character keeps drawing their gun in a conversation and you cannot change the conversation choice. AI tends to walk into walls, get stuck on geometry or doors and can derp out, though it doesn't happen THAT often to break your immersion. The interface can be tricky to use at times. Trying to reposition yourself just so you can loot an item on the floor is a thing. Hacking feels like its too many steps to do a simple thing. Watchdogs did hacking better imo. Here it takes more process to do a simple hack, and even then your hacks are limited by a resource.

Overall the game is still a solid recommend. If anything just for the first playthrough experience it is well worth the asking price. I think the RPG aspects don't feel good here, as the looting makes you lose a lot of the intended immersion flow when you do a mission and have to run around groping bodies and boxes. Inventory management becomes a slog as you have to dismantle and check your weight, and I really don't think this whole system is needed. They should have made it similar to RDR2 where your guns have no levels, and you buy new guns or acquire them and they are forever yours, instead of having to throw the exact same gun away 100 times just because another copy dropped with +1.2 damage. Once again, the world design, sound design, visuals and delivery as a whole is just excellent. Buy it if you have disposable income, if you are strapped then wait for a sale.
 

Bottle of Acid
531 products in account
1
93 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
129.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
YOU CAN PET THE CATS

--EDIT--

What do I do with my life now?

On a more serious note, here's a full review. Know first that I did a lot of side content, though not all of it, and only went through one ending so far, and that because bugs are inconsistent between experiences, I will be omitting them as a factor.

This is NOT a GTA game, and if you go into it looking for that, you will be disappointed.

Cyberpunk 2077 places you into a detailed and immersive world where cybernetic enhancement is commonplace and most of the power is held by a few megacorporations. Going through the world will show you the consequences of this power disparity and the hedonistic, consumerist culture of Night City, from the enormous megastructures towering into the sky to scrapyards of discarded assorted junk straight from Wall-E.

The world has plenty of quests to do, many of which of have the same good writing to be expected of CDPR, and almost all of them are more of the same game, no tedious or gimmicky shoehorned in bland missions, they're just more Cyberpunk. The side quests for romanceable characters are especially good, and these characters are exceptionally well-written, to the point that they feel like real people.

On the subject of characters, Keanu Reeves' portrayal of Johnny Silverhand, the long-dead rebellious rocker-boy turned terrorist, is simply flawless. His input during both the main story and side missions, as well as some points throughout the game world, really helps bring you into the world, and can make you question some of the decisions you make throughout the game.

I will not spoil the main story, but I will say the writing is good and it takes you to encounter all major factions in the game, and the endings will give you feels. However, it does imply a time limit to complete the main story, which I am personally not a fan of, as there's a huge disconnect from "you have 2 weeks" and then doing every single side mission while Takemura waits for you to swing by and advance the main quest. In case it's not clear, there is no time limit for playing the game, even though the main story implies it.

Story is all well and good, but if you're like me, you also need fun gameplay to really enjoy the game. Cyberpunk's gameplay puts you in first person and gives you several options to approach combat or avoid it. You can run around and take out enemies at close range with a gun or melee while remaining mobile, you damage enemies with quickhacks or cause things like weapon malfunctions, you can play it as a cover shooter, or you can avoid combat entirely, knocking out enemies one at a time, using quickhacks to distract them or even take them out from a distance hacking them through their own cameras. In many cases where your objective is not to take out all enemies, you can given multiple ways in, either through some climbing or by using skills checks to open new paths. As for the weapon and loot system, it is straight out of Borderlands, and that is all there is to say about it.

All in all, this is a great game, if you can run it, and I look forward to going through again when any future expansions come out, at which point I hope to have a better computer.
 

solitaire45
111 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
277.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
My best comparison is if GTA V, Fallout 4, and the Witcher 3 had a child it was Cyberpunk 2077.
 

PvtParts296
202 products in account
4
16 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
31.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
i only bought this to customize my balls
 

Memeify
570 products in account
4
81 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2021
After one year:
-City is still empty
-There is no multiplayer
-Storyline is still "cut" after prolog
-Game is still very short
Good job CDPR, it is very difficult to be worse than Ubisoft
 

adhe
213 products in account
6
54 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
79.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2021
Do not skip out on the side missions. The story and voice acting are well executed.
 

LuvRosa
147 products in account
4
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
I'm on the fence here, not sure if i should give a negative review, but to be honest, the game doesnt seem to be so well optimized and there are a ton of bugs. If we were talking about an Ubi, EA, etc everyone would be pissed, so just because is it CDPR is it acceptable? Not for me at least.

So for now i dont recommend the game.
 

Anderson
1,759 products in account
5
574 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 33

Not Recommended
51.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020

YouTube™ Video: In defense of Cyberpunk 2077 (Review) 
Views: 206
I made a video review if anyone is interested in watching it over reading a block of text.

I don't even know where to start with this. I already wasn't bought by the over hype so coming into this I had a bad taste in my mouth knowing it wasn't going to reach expectations and it doesn't. It took them 8 years to develop this game and I finally understand what "Quality of life" in gaming means. This game lacks it. So many things that make ease of access in other games aren't here. UI is terrible, Character creation is terrible, the A.I is terrible, soundtrack is an abomination. Difficulty spikes are as basic as they are in every game (Bullet sponge enemies. Yay!) My biggest issue with the game is the way the story and character choices unfold. Spoiler Alert there are no character choices. You are forced into cutscene's and forced to respond to the mission giver in 2 ways. Option A "K I'll do whatever you say because I'm your lapdog" Option B "More information please" The first 2 hours of this game are sitting in co-pilot watching things happen around you and simply because you're the main character these problems are now yours. Why? Because. PROGRESSION!! After the lack luster intro where you sit through a montage of things happening to your character "Hey look my character is at a bar, can I play now?" you are opened to the world where A.I are soulless empty husks walking around just to be background noise. I've walked around for 10 minutes straight up punching these guys thinking they'd fight back instead they just curl up and scream until cops arrive to shoot you dead. (On a small note you can't even cooperate with the cops. Bribe them? Allow yourself to be arrested?? Talk my way out of my crime?? Where are these options??) At the end of the day I don't know who to blame, the community for hyping this game like it was going to be biggest thing in the world it would revolutionize gaming like Shenmue once did, or CD Project Red itself for taking 8 years to develop this game with mechanics that date back to 2016. The best way to describe this game is with Fallout 4. Without the option of character development, without the open world that brings you into conflict, without any reason as to why you are doing this except BECAUSE!. The game just is. 4/10
 

| нsт | Victorino Mora
609 products in account
63
160 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
133.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2021
I have completed cyberpunk with the 1.23 and 1.3 patches. The game is pretty smooth now. A lot of bugs are already fixed. But some physics issue is still there. hope Dev will fix those defect as well in later patches
This is truly a next-gen game. Graphics are amazing with Ray Tracing. I played in 1440p Ultra settings, Ray Racing Ultra with DLSS quality mode. I never experienced a single crash in my 130h playthrough. Got solid 60+ FPS with my RTX 3080. I highly recommend running this game on NVME SSD. Cyberpunk's ray tracing implementation is amazing. I never experience that kind of RT experience before. Without ray tracing, this game feels like a different game.
The main story can be completed within 30 hours. But a lot of sides activates are there. You can easily spend 100h+ in this cyber universe. NCPD activities are quite repetitive. But gigs and side quests are really amazing. like Witcher 3, your every decision will impact the later part of the game. So choose wisely. There are a few main romances. But some romances require a female body type. and there are 3 life paths and Nomad is the overall best life path in the game. Cyberpunk has a very unique and complex progression system. You can reset Perks but cannot reset the attribute and cannot change the appearance and gender after the character creation.
Cyberpunk is a good game. and it is a next-gen game. Still, it is struggling to run in old hardware. If you want to get the best cyberpunk experience try in at least 6 core CPU with RTX 3070ti or higher GPU

All 7 Ending ✅
All 92 Side Quests ✅
All 86 Gigs ✅
All 112 Assaults in Progress ✅
All 17 Organized Crimes ✅
All 27 Reported Crimes ✅
All 150 Fast Travel Points ✅
All Vehicle ✅
All Steam Achievements✅
130h playtime


➤⠀P⠀C⠀⠀S⠀P⠀E⠀C⠀S
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬⠀▬▬▬⠀▬▬⠀▬
CPU-:AMD Ryzen 7 5800X(8 Core 16 Threads)
GPU-:ASUS TUF Gaming OC GeForce RTX 3080 GDDR6X 10GB
MB-:ASUS ROG STRIX B550-F GAMING (WI-FI)
RAM-:T-FORCE GAMING NIGHT HAWK RGB 32GB 3600Mhz
PSU-:SEASONIC FOCUS GX-850W 80+ Gold Fully Modular
SSD1-:SAMSUNG 970 EVO PLUS M.2 NVME 500GB
SSD2-:ADATA Falcon 1TB NVME SSD
HDD-:SEAGATE BarraCuda 2TB ST2000DM005
AIO-:CORSAIR iCUE H150i ELITE CAPELLIX
MONITOR-: ASUS VG27AQL1A 1440p 170Hz IPS G-SYNC HDR
 
A developer has responded to this review

JiMa
1,295 products in account
14
53 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
58.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 23
If you can forgive the bugs it's a frikkin' awesome game! Long story with lots of fun side content to check out and multiple endings. Many of them unlock after completing side mission chains. Tons of things to collect and craft and lots of ways to upgrade your character from simply leveling up to cyber upgrades.

It's a lot like GTA but reminds me a lot of Shadowrun too with the cyber upgrades, hacks like fire and poison, even the slang used around the city is very similar. I really enjoyed the theme on this one and that alone made the game very interesting for me.

Only real problem with it is despite being out for a good while now there are still a ton of minor bugs. It only crashed once on me so it's definitely playable but you'll run into a lot of flickering traffic, wonky textures, janky animations, sliding NPCs, and other little things like that. Despite all of this it's still a great time!

I'm not gonna lie, bringing in star power like Keanu really sealed the deal for me.
 

Prince Vegeta
1,513 products in account
15
34 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2021
As someone who purchased at launch, refunded it after how badly it ran on my laptop, repurchased it a year later at 50% off and ran it on the same laptop, I can say that the game has drastically improved. I never got to experience the glitches and problems it had at launch since I couldn't run the game to begin with, however after the updates it has had it seems more optimized and actually runs pretty well. It isn't perfect and there are silly clipping glitches and weird things like a bottle flying super far after you walk over it, but nothing game breaking. Honestly, it is one of the best story open world games I've played and may even replay it in the future.
 

丂ㄩ卩乇尺爪ㄖ几Ҝ乇ㄚ
451 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
38.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
With RTX on ultra..

Wake the fk up Samurai, we got some GPU's to burn.
 

MysticPizza
314 products in account
3
34 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
275.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 26
Killing gonks, making money. Around 100 hours of content, easily one of the most enjoyable RPG I've ever played!
 

Zoom
165 products in account
6
91 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
333.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2021
Hate on the game all you guys want, but I love it, and my playtime speaks for itself.
 

LEEEROOOY JENKINS
44 products in account
0
76 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
110.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Spent hours customizing a character that i can't see for most of the game.
10/10
 

Mr_Payne
327 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 6

Recommended
87.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 22
I would like to start off by saying that it's hard for me to really get in to new games and fall in love with it within such a short period of time but Cyberpunk 2077 really earned a spot on that list.

I didn't know what to expect when i first started playing, i wanted to give it a go and go against all the negativity and complains regarding bugs/lags etc. Barely 15 minutes in and i already knew i was about to be in for a ride with hours of amazing gameplay, and i was very correct.

Cyberpunk 2077 gives you a whole new atmospheric experience where you can explore the futuristic-like Night City or what's surroundig it, The Badlands. You get to meet some interesting people or somewhat strange. An overall story-rich game with cool interactions and the amazing ability to customize your character to fit the loud and action filled streets of Night City. With amazing graphics and voice acting, Cyberpunk 2077 really gives the player the feeling of living in a second life. They really made an amazing job bringing out the smallest details in things, as well as pointing out some everyday topics that aren't seen in a lot of games.

I would definitely recommend Cyberpunk 2077 to anyone that likes Fallout and Watch Dogs.
And for those who's been debating on getting it or not because of the complains, give it a chance. I have personally not experienced any major complications with bugs/lags through my many hours of playthrough.
 

Neoneria
396 products in account
0
451 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 34

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
"Recommended Requirements" What a bait and switch.

They knew the GTX 1060 is the most popular card on the market so saying a GTX 1060 is recommended means more customers think they can run it. I fully believe recommended specifications are actually a RTX 3070 and a GTX 1070 for minimum.

Bad performance aside game is very clunky. Movement, jumping, menu, interface, hud, everything just feels off if you are used to polished games.

Even if you ignore the performance issues there is still the numerous bugs the game has that makes it borderline unplayable at times. If they straight up said that the Recommended specs is for running the game on MEDIUM/HIGH settings at 30 fps then MAYBE this whole thing could have been avoided.

The story is genuinely interesting but you literally have to buy a 2000$ PC just to run this game like you run every other AAA game. The RTX cards just came out and aren't really available in most countries at the launch price(similar situation for the new consoles). I can run Doom Eternal and RDR2 maxed out and they look beautiful. This game looks choppy and blurry even on high settings there's no excuse to be made.

It might take a few days until everyone stops cũmming over this game and give the devs the criticism they deserve.

I really don't understand people saying it will be fixed in a matter of weeks. Be realistic... the amount of bugs right now will easily take months to almost an year to completely remove. Just because this is the studio that made The Witcher 3 doesn't mean they get a jail free card. Releasing the game in it's current state was unethical.

It's 2020 and you expect people to play on 30-40 fps? that too most machines will be probably running this on 900p for 40+ fps.

Keep in mind this is a last gen game!
We should make a prayer for last gen console players(which makes up to 80% of the playerbase).

It's a major let down for fans that supported them since the start, given the fact that this game was promoted for years and was originally intended for last gen. Not everyone has a PS5/Xbox X already.

EDIT: Another thing I should mention. The devs didn't let the reviewers show any footage or give them access to the console versions. They obviously didn't want people to see the state of bugs on the console versions so they never handed them out to reviewers. This is disgusting, they stooped that low to secure pre-orders. They basically hid all footage because they knew it would affect sales. Many game review websites have started mentioning this and it's a good thing!


Wait until CDPR actually release this game, which might be late next year. Game was rushed to make money. It’s pretty simple and people need to accept that fact.

 

Satan Claus
1,279 products in account
0
117 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
140.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
I'm far from completing the game, but I've got an idea of what we have here. The core is majestic, both for the main story and setting, there are bugs and many things that should be added. It was the same for the Witcher 3, I'm confident this game will become what it was meant to be
 

Avant-Garde Lilith
457 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
102.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
After playing this for a while, i can safely say that this game is
more like Story driven RPG and not really open world/sandbox type.
If people jump in the game with an expectation that this gonna be
like GTA/RDR, they gonna be dissappointed.
At best it's closer to Sleeping dogs or the Mafia i think.

The world is big sure but it's more like a props for the story.
Most npc just walk back and forth with no activities with an exception
of those npc at stores/stall and some minor npc doing random things.
Take out the story and you clearly cant do anything which is why you
can't compare this to GTA and RDR.
In those game, the world have lore,secrets,random activities.
You can do other sort of activities ,encounter weird things etc

Don't expect immersion much in this game.
Immersiveness is out of the picture.

Don't get me wrong,I still enjoy it.
The story itself is good. Especially the interaction with Johnny.
If you care about the story only, then yes the game should be fine.

TLDR: Story driven RPG with big map, hollow world and dead npc

Is it bad? NO
Is it impressive? NO

I would rather rate this as A instead of S tier game.
 

『AKI』
2,663 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2020
Cyberpunk 2077 Review
Late into 2020 we finally get to see the release of one of the most anticipated games of the year and needless to say the bumps in the road have left their mark on Cyberpunk's wheels. The story takes place in a vibrant and beautiful futuristic world that regrettably, lacks the substance to take advantage of its setting and leaves something more to be desired. Keep reading to find out why!

Pros
Cons
Vibrant world in neon lights!
Good use of suspense in the story.
Attributes play in interesting ways.
Keanu Reeves! (We all love Keanu right?)
Soundtrack in gunfights is sweet!
Perk System is boring.
Convoluted Questlines.
Suffers from technical problems.
Gunplay is clunky and shameful.
Detective bits give bad pacing.

Wake the F up Samurai, we have a game to burn!

Cyberpunk is one of the games that had me hyped up for its release, I fell in love with CD Project Red after playing the Witcher 3 in console way back and I was sorely disappointed in the result of this title. The vibrant world it presents and shows us with amazing reflections and lights illuminating the city, giving life to it is brought down by the gameplay and the way the systems are designed.

To illustrate this, the perk system is based on bonuses such as "deal 10% more damage with light machine guns" or "reload 5% faster" and those are boring upgrades to attain while playing. We as players want to do crazy stuff, meaningful stuff and to see most upgrades just be bonuses leaves a feeling of desiring something more. I would have preferred being able to soak up the damage by using a steel arm or slowing time in gunfights rather than the skills we got. While there are mechanical upgrades, these tend to be few and are insignificant as well half the time.


Gameplay is overall clunky and there is nothing that makes it stand out, meanwhile skills are boring and with poor effects. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Suijino


Gunplay is also sort of clunky, giving a sensation of being dull and slow while integrating numbers into the mix that adds more into an already heavily packed HUD. You aim and shoot while getting to cover and playing Titanfall 2 recently has shown me that you can make shooting a gun very fun. There is not enough movement during combat to feed the trigger and make those explosive situations action-packed and memorable! It behaves more like a classic RPG rather than a true shooter in that regard.

Cannot teach an old dog new tricks

A lot of the issues that Cyberpunk suffers from have been seen in The Witcher 3 years ago and yet CD Project Red keeps committing the same mistakes. Granted, is an open world so is bound to have glitches and such but the number of issues you can find here can give you such a migraine…like in my case after losing all my progress 10 hours into the game.

The story can be interesting at points as they use suspense to make you play more to find out what happens next and during the first few hours, it can pull you in with a fantastic storyline job. Then it ruins it by introducing to you way too many characters for you to be able to bond with any of them, go here and obey A, go here and work with B, go here and listen to C, and up to the letter Z. It must be painful for V to have to remember all those people, right? It convolutes the plot by adding too many subplots and characters into the fold.


There are bits where Silverhand shines but overall he is not a memorable character and diminishes your OC role. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Suijino


But Keanu Reeves is in it! How it could be bad?! Sadly, the famous voice actor does not equal a good performance and before you start dragging me to a pyre, do not get me wrong Keanu is fantastic. But you know who isn't fantastic? Johnny Silverhand. The way Keanu portraits the character comes off as stiff when compared to the rest of the cast and it just does not cut in the convincing department. Silverhand is also a problem because it diminishes your character presence in the main story while also adding a deuteragonist that is not very interesting…

Strong and Weak Points

The strong point of Cyberpunk is how beautiful and vibrant the world is. The neon lights shining on the dark streets while in the daylight everything feels compacted, like a maze that makes you want to explore it. The characters look great and so do a lot of the aesthetics and designs you will find during your playthrough! Also, the music is spectacular during gunfights, featuring a badass-futuristic vibe to it that adds more to the encounters you will have.


Cyberpunk constant delays might just had been it's own doom to failure. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: Suijino



The weak point is that those elements are downplayed because there is no flavor to them. The perk system is pretty standard and boring. The main story can be interesting at times and then have you yawn at others and the gameplay itself feels inferior to games that have been released years ago (just so you know, is not about Titanfall 2, a lot of shooters do have better gunplay than this). The glitches range from partial nudity to going through walls, to losing save data, to objects disappearing, items descriptions getting stuck in the HUD and that is only the tip of the iceberg that is Cyberpunk messy release.

X Notes

It was tested on an RTX 2070 S, I found it to be very annoying that when quest asks the player to unequip items or equip other items (which happens more than what I would like to) one has to re-equip all of it again. A couple of times it could be ok, but 7 times is bothersome. The more I played this particular title the less interesting it became for me and I truly wanted to love Cyberpunk but I am just, disappointed.

The detective bits were cool the first few times but after that they became tedious, they basically sum up as “rewind here, now rewind there, rewind here again and that’s it”. They do not make you feel like a detective or something and rather is just a point click to which you already have all the answers to.

Finally…

If you read this far, you probably must be thinking that I hate Cyberpunk. I do not, but I would be lying if I said I think it is a masterpiece or something. The game is not bad but is not amazing either so is more along the OK lines which is why I would give it a positive rating. Except…that in this case, we should not settle for mediocrity, it was supposed to be THE game and ended up being something standard, something that failed to deliver and that ended up being a letdown. Get the game if you want to jump on the bandwagon but otherwise, wait until they patch more stuff and keep in mind, is not that action oriented. If you like this review, give it a thumbs up! If you want to add your own opinion or share something informative, do it below in the comments!
 

Suijino
589 products in account
29
106 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
58.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 2
This game is down right amazing. They fixed most of the glitches, added more features and details, and it isn't as taxing on your GPU as it used to be. ONE THING TO NOTE: when you first launch the game, it's default graphics settings are set to the max. I don't know what will happen if you don't have a ray tracing video card, but it automatically sets to ray tracing on high giving you 15 FPS no matter what PC you use. doesn't matter if you have a Core I9 64GB RAM and an RTX 3090, it's still gonna lag when you first launch. Totally worth it for $60!
 

nathanjschlackman
27 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
102.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
TL;DR

People had big hype but instead got the big mad due to unrealistic expectations like this game was The Bible 2 or some crap.

By the way gamers, you ruin a game yourself by doing this. Take this as a life lesson as I did the same thing for Watchdogs 1. Understandable as Cyberpunk 2077 was a lot, lot, bigger. It hit harder than Watchdogs did, I get that.

Yes, game is good in my opinion as I don't care about Keanu what's his name or never got hyped for the game. This is Genuinely why I probably like it.

Combat is decent, driving is iffy, the city is filled with content, story and characters are loveable. I do agree the downsides that people pointed out, like, seriously, who approved the cop system? It's lazy asf.

But no seriously, I hope for better optimization and patches in the future for PC and Console people, as the launch was rushed and cutting corners. It's up to the developers to redeem themselves up to this point.

Recommend?

Eh, hard to say, the game is good like I said for story and content, but if your scared of bugs, not the ones that crawl on you btw, I would wait. The game is very demanding as well.
 

JDumbz
1,018 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
130.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2021
Hear me out, his game is worth playing, but maybe in a couple years when its fixed up, remastered or something, right now though? Not worth more than half off. B R O K E N. I was playing both Skyrim and Fallout 4 at launch and neither were this bad. Waited months for patches, didn't help at all. Your fps WILL tank regardless of PC specs, and I averaged a bug, be it visual, an item I couldn't pick up, or just weird t posing ♥♥♥♥, once every five minutes or so.

This game has its moments. It can be fun, and the world and characters are engaging. But it is so terribly optimized, broken, and all of the gameplay consists of things other games have already done better. Go play Fallout: New Vegas or Deus Ex instead. It can seriously wait, this game is only an 7/10 at it's best.
 

legendaryvkickr
171 products in account
0
230 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
125.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2021
I dodged all the hype before the launch, having seen only one cinematic trailer and that's it. So I think that's one of the main reasons I've enjoyed this game A LOT... given the fact that I don't like cyberpunk setting, like, at all, and I'm not too fond of GTA-types of games either.

...so what can be said after 125 hours?

Unpolished and buggy? Yep
Glitchy and resource demanding? Yep
Next-gen gameplay? Nope
Next-gen graphics? Hmm.. no, I don't think so

....great story, amazing setting, catchy characters? Immersive and huge open world? A lot of stuff to do besides main story line? OH HELL YES!!!

If you're too sensitive to bugs and glitches, wait up a bit till they fix it, but I didn't encounter anything THAT game breaking. Good game it is!
 

routeshell
725 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
118.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2021
Wake the F[_]ck up samurai we have great story to see
 

Joseph Saintlin
79 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
126.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Character creator is neat, I might even start playing the game.
 

Mazhigigika Miludin do Din Nol..
1,714 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
232.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 3
I didn't want to buy the game when it first came out. I waited 2 years and then bought the game. I have to say it is a good game and I like playing the game.
 

drkraven
59 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
81 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
62.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2020
Powerpoint 2077
 

Insym
455 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
255.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
Before release I thought that this game would have a feel like GTA, Watch Dogs, or similar open world games, but after playing it for some reason I feel like I'm playing The Witcher of the future. This game presents very good gameplay and is also fun with good music and story that makes me want to cry because the presentation of the ending is very good.

Initially, this game had a lot of bugs and glitches that occurred because the game was still immature and optimized, but since it's been through a lot of patch updates, you have to try this game now! you will be impressed with the final result of this game.
 

Suis "Matasaburo"
166 products in account
0
249 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 31

Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2020
♦️ Cyberpunk 2077
Cyberpunk 2077 has finally released through numerous delays and a pandemic, does it live up to the hype? In Cyberpunk we get a glimpse into a not so distant future that revolves around technology and tells a bleak but believable story.

Story & Characters
Narrative
→ The narrative in Cyberpunk is the focal point of this game CD Projekt Red has crafted. It tells a tale of V’s journey from the bottom of the barrel all the way to the top. You are able to select three origin stories that really only affect the first hour of gameplay then all the origins are on the same track. The story of Cyberpunk is a thrilling one from start to finish, with many complications that you will encounter along the way. V has found himself in a heap of trouble, and has to find the right connections in order to solve his problem. In Cyberpunk there is never a dull moment, from ASMR brothels to Metal Gear Solid like infiltration missions you will always be on the edge of your seat!

Characters
→ The characters in Cyberpunk are what really sells the narrative, they are every bit as interesting and convoluted as the plot itself. I don’t believe I have come across many games that are able to give such believable and memorable characters. Each and every ‘main’ character you will come across have their own personal challenges, history, personal goals, and secrets that have you really form a bond with who they are. Untangling their inner motives and getting a deeper look at each character is a joy. Many characters have side missions that only further strengthen their personalities.

→ While there are many characters that come across as my favorite only one man can truly live up to that title, and that is Johnny Silverhand. Love him or hate him, he will grow and open up to V as you near the end of the story. At first he may seem like a selfish rockstar who has no regard for consequences but like most characters there is more than meets the eye. Learning his background and struggles, you will grow to realizing why Johnny is the way he is. Every other side character is just as fleshed out as him and it really sells the real world of Cyberpunk

Johnny always the thorn at your side, but deep down he just wants the best for his friends. You just have to find a way to let it out. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: NotASpy


Gameplay
Combat
→ While the combat initially turned me off it eventually grew on me as I unlocked more perks to play around with. The combat is actually quite enjoyable when everything is working as intended. The guns feel meaty, the perks feel impactful, quick hacking is satisfying everything is headed on track. But then we get to the roadblock that is enemy AI. We have been spoiled by how far enemy AI has progressed over the years, and in this case it sure is a step back. From not reacting to the player to shooting through walls, there are all sorts of issues here.

Weapons
→ Throughout your journey you will come across many different kinds of weapons, but only a limited amount of weapon classes. While it sure was fun for the first twenty hours to get any minor DPS increase, eventually I realized most of the guns are copy and paste with minor stat increases as you level. While weapon variety may be lacking, that doesn’t mean what is available isn’t enjoyable. Depending on your build any weapon class is a viable option, whether you choose to spec into pistols or shotguns you will wreak havoc regardless.

Attributes & Perks
→ As you level you will receive points to pick into your favorite attributes and perk points to further solidify your playstyle of choice. This was one of the more enjoyable aspects of building V, as with each level you really feel the power increase. One other aspect of leveling I loved was that as you used pistols your actual sub-tree in each attribute increased in levels. It's almost the Skyrim system where you define your playstyle as your progress overtime.

Weapon & Character Mods
→ Now what fun is a futuristic cyberpunk game that doesn’t involve robotic enhancements to your player. Thankfully this game delivers on allowing you to build your own super human of destruction. There are many implants that give you the ability to double jump or even turn getting poisoned into healing. Not only are you building the perfect cyber-human you are also able to modify your weapons to your liking. While Cyberpunk might not let you build the deepest backstory, it does offer various ways to define your playstyle to your choosing.

Side Content
→ I dislike doing side content especially in ‘open world’ RPGs, they are usually half-baked content that is solely there for the purpose of inflating playtime. But Cyberpunk does it differently, many of the side quests have as important reveals and choices as the main plot. It has everything you could want in side quests, from street racing all the way to chasing down a taxis alternate personalities.

Side stories are filled with many down to Earth moments like seen above. Through struggles there is always something to look forward to. 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: NotASpy


The World of Night City
→ Now we can talk about Cyberpunk without mentioning one of the biggest characters next to Johnny, and that is Night City. CD Projekt Red has failed to deliver on some promises regarding content in the game, but what it wholeheartedly succeeds at is creating a believable and lived in world. The city is cramp packed with details that most players will never get to see, taking the time to wander around and explore is one of my favorite past times!

Visuals & Sound
Visuals
→ This is the first truly ‘next-gen’ game I have experience in the visual department. Cyberpunk includes many of the latest features including RTX, DLSS, and more. They all come together in tandem to bring Night City to life. The textures are all incredibly detailed from V’s clothes all the way to the vendor's noodle stand, everything is realistic and beautiful. Lighting plays the prominent role in creating such a photo realistic environment. Every shadow is realistic and calculated by CD Projekt Red’s engine and only further enhanced with RTX on. The neon lights of Night City are jaw dropping and realistically disperse light across different textures. The textures, shadows, lighting, and more all come to bring such graphical fidelity.

→ Now performance on the other hand is another issue, without DLSS this game would be unplayable on the highest graphical settings. I ran this with a 5600x and a RTX 3080 and I was getting 45-80 FPS throughout the game, this is with every setting to the max. While I did certainly get playable frame rates, keep in mind the power needed to run this game at high fidelity.
Sound
→ Sound is also extremely well done in this game, gunshots in the distance or densely packed markets are all realistically recreated in Cyberpunk. The voice acting done is top notch, they help sell the characters with such greatly delivered lines. And it is all tied together by a licensed soundtrack that only further enhances the atmosphere. With heavy metal to heavy dubstep you have everything you could imagine to listen to in a Cyber like future.

Stunning life-like views are a common sight in Cyberpunk. You will see vast deserts, packed cities, abandoned slums, and more! 
A Screenshot of Cyberpunk 2077
By: NotASpy


♦️ Conclusion
Let's be honest no game could live up to the hype created by Cyberpunk 2077, even though that CD Projekt Red delivers a fantastic RPG set in a Cyber realistic future with a thrilling narrative. But what is stopping me from rating Cyberpunk at the range it could be are the bugs, quality features, and horrible AI bringing it back down to Earth.

Disclaimer
Lastly, the game is a bugfest at the moment, I won't go into detail as I am sure you have heard a lot about Cyberpunk and bugs these past couple weeks.

Overall Score 8.5/10

Follow our curator page OCG-Curations, if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.
 

NotASpy
839 products in account
16
43 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
130.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 11
Despite what people may say about the game, I absolutely loved it. I enjoyed every part of it, heartfelt and well written story, funny and interesting side missions, a lot of activities, memorable characters, great gunplay and perfect soundtrack. So much joy. For sure I will replay it in the future.
See you soon Night City and Johnny <3
 

.°ʚ Lilu
296 products in account
0
162 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
169.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
Feel free to follow my review page!

The gist of it:
There's so much to write about and so little space in regards to Cyberpunk 2077 but I'll try to be brief. A huge warning to future buyers, the way the game was marketed was a complete lie. Cyberpunk 2077 is not an RPG at least not in the pure sense, it's an action/adventure game with rpg mechanics with a huge focus on linear storytelling rather than "making your own destiny in Night City" as CPDR claimed it will be up until the release date. That being said I won't downvote the game based on what should've been but what it is and as such, the gist is, Cyberpunk is a wonderful game, an amazing work of art when it comes to story and atmosphere, a world that will be hard to surpass but a flawed and janky experience ruined by technical issues.

👍 The good parts:
+The best open-world atmosphere to date.
+The story, especially the ones in the side quests are really impressive, emotional even.
+Incredible voice acting especially from male V.
+The quick hacking gameplay mechanics, aka the "mage" of cyberpunk were fun.

👎The bad parts:
-Huge amount of bugs, technical issues, and incomplete/"they didn't bother" missing mechanics.
-Choices in the main story, besides one particular quest and the ending, don't matter at all.
-Lifepaths are pointless.

Story
I'll be blunt, Cyberpunk 2077 is not a "make your own" kind of story at all and besides one particular quest at the beginning and the ending, nothing you do or choose will have any major impact. All the dialogue choices do is either allow you to access a story side quest or they change the next line of dialogue from the characters you talk to. Lifepaths that CDPR lauded are nothing but 20 minutes intros and have no impact at all. They did not even bother finishing the lifepath quest in the main game, for example, I played as a Corpo and the path starts quite nicely as you're thrown into a betrayal type of quest with powerful characters and intrigue and it just ends. You never hear about it until later in the game in the form of a 5-minute side quest. At the end of the day you should never trust a corpo, and that includes CDPR.

Leaving the lies and bullsh#t out of the way, the linear main story and especially most of the side stories are top quality, good ol' CDPR stuff. The main story has its up and downs and even if you know what happens to one particular character because pretty much everyone saw the cinematic trailer years ago, it still felt incredibly emotional and it does not stop with him. Keanu aka Johnny has a cringe acting everyone knows this but you still love the guy. He has an incredible charm in his voice and it shows quite well in the game. I honestly felt like an as*hole for choosing negative responses to him. You will laugh and you will feel sad and many other emotions when it comes to how Johnnys' story is told but it does not stop there. The side quests, the romance ones are honestly among the best stuff I've seen. They're full of charm and emotions and the atmosphere of it all is incredible. I wish I could write more about the whole stories how random and stupid some are and how well written others are but I have limited space.

Suffice to say, disregarding the lies, Cyberpunk 2077 comes with an incredible story and you won't be disappointed.

Story rating: 9/10

Gameplay
So CDPR lied about the stuff regarding the story but you may be wondering what about the gameplay mechanics? Well, it's a mixed bag, to say the least, but overall it's enjoyable. If I were to describe it perfectly it would be a great eurojank.

You have a leveling system where you can spend these points in 5 main "paths" and each major path has a sub-path. These 5 main attributes are Body, Intelligence, Reflexes, the Technical path, and Cool and each governs your playstyle.

The leveling up is simple, if you use quickhacks you gain xp in the quickhack path, if you take down enemies in stealth you gain xp in that respective path, and so on. Each of these attributes or paths or whatever you want to call them have their own skill-tree where you can upgrade V as you please. As with any skill-tree, there will be a lot of useless stuff, especially in the melee/brawling ones at least in my opinion.

I tried to play as a Deus-Ex kind of guy, specialized in quickhacks and stealth with non-lethal upgrades. Stealth takedowns are bad, they just did not bother fixing and animating them properly at all besides the fact that the AI is a joke and random as hell but playing as a stealth "mage" never got boring.

There are a lot of things to craft and upgrade and the weapon variety is quite decent as well as the fact that some of the weapons you can use are cool as hell but the armors you wear are below average and ugly as hell. It's insane when you look at the other characters how well designed their outfits are and then you look at yourself in the inventory menu and you look like a fing clown.

For people looking for stuff to do in the game besides the gigs, side quests, and main story you'll be disappointed. There are no fun activities to do or minigames. It took me 80 hours to complete the game and I did all the side quests I could find as well as some gigs to level up my character and I never felt bored which is quite an incredible achievement.

Gameplay rating: 8.5/10

Audio
As I mentioned above it took me 80 hours to finish the game and not once have I heard a bad voice acting in the game. Everyone does an incredible job voicing their character and I do have to give a special shoutout to male V for having so many dialogue choices and every single one being incredibly well-acted and his moments with Johnny and Panam were one of the best in gaming.

The music in the game is quite nice as well, fits well with the atmosphere and I really loved some songs in certain special moments, not to mention certain radio songs will just force you to keep driving with the Night City in the background. Great stuff and it adds so much to the already incredible visual atmosphere of the city.

Audio rating: 9.5/10

Graphics, performance and tech analysis
Going to start with the bad, and that is the technical issues. Yes, the game is a fing mess, there are so many bugs that it would take me hours to list them all and they all range from UI getting stuck on the screen to dialogues not triggering and I think I've reloaded the game a thousand times to say the least. There are so many jarring issues with it that I was baffled how they did not bother fixing it. What the hell have they been doing all these years?

The game can be incredibly taxing on performance but this is not entirely a bad thing. It's a demanding game for good reason. The world, Night City, is incredible. It's the best open world to date and it has a huge amount of details and you'll be shocked at how many places you can enter. People were disappointed that you could not enter every building in sight which is not fair considering this is a game that had to be released on last-gen consoles. It was just not possible unless they created loading spots.

It's clear as night and day that the team that designed the map are on a higher skill than everyone else on the development team and it saddens me to see such an incredible world filled with bugs and dumb AI roaming the streets but I won't downvote the designers for stuff that will get fixed.

Graphics, performance and tech analysis score: 9/10

Conclusion
Take away the lies, the bugs, the incomplete features, and Cyberpunk as you can see by its score, is an incredible experience, probably one of the best but it could've been much more, something that would remain in history. Alas, the team behind it, just like all corpos, got greedy, overambitious and management ruined it.

Final score: 9/10 but if I were to include issues/lies: 7/10
 

Nightserg
575 products in account
14
97 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
75.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
"A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad" - Shigeru Miyamoto
 

twitch.tv/xK3nnyx_Lim
2,820 products in account
38
31 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
Story porn ✔
Graphics porn ✔
5 hours of awesome prologue ✔
In year 2077? ✔
Must have this game? ✔
 

KeviN
51 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
58.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 25
Completed the main story without first completing the side quests with interesting characters so my character 

Note to self: do more IRL side quests.

On a more serious note, if you can look past the bugs and glitches that are unfortunately still in the game then you have a really cool world to roam filled with interesting characters and great writing. Side quests are genuinely enjoyable. No matter what kind of person you are you'll find a few characters within the story that you particularly conntect with. Writing is above and beyond what you'll find in other trash AAA games(i.e dying light 2), CD Projekt Red unfortunately just bit off more than they could chew with their goals and ambitions in Cyberpunk 2077. But, after a few years of updates I can happily say it's improved drastically.

If it's on sale and you appreciate good writing, I wholly recommend it if you aren't bug-a-phobic.
 

Seán
227 products in account
0
160 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
107.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
Nearly two years and lots of promises later this game is still a mess.

Pedestrians spawning on highways, every second npc on the street is the same model despite high graphics settings, holocalls often overlap and cut off quest dialogue or the other way around... Thankfully nothing gamebreaking, but can you really be thankful for that? Is it really ok for a title of this level to barely function the way it is meant to?

At it's best I'm having loads of fun. Night city is a solid enviroment with beautiful details. Npcs are just empty husks roaming the streets but who cares about that honestly. Gunplay feels good to me and the system for leveling and perks is perfectly fine once you understand it. And most importantly I find the writing and story gripping and enjoyable, truly a game I could sit playing for hours and hours.

But how am I meant to do that when my companion shoots an imaginary anti-air missile?
When corpo assault team sweeps into a building you're hiding in and your companion... T-poses in a corner?
When you end up negotiating with a decapitated security guard about him to letting you in to a compound?

Your immersion breaks at nearly every cutscene, at every scripted event I find myself thinking what is gonna go wrong this time.

Save your money, this is not the game we were looking for and it will never be so.
 

Civil
208 products in account
10
148 people found this review helpful
89 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☑ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulty}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second life for grinding

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
☑ Fallout 76
 

Cpt.BigBelly
98 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
187.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2021
Now I felt so bad for those didn't get to experience the game with capable hardwares and for those who rushed the game within 20 hours.


A thing of beauty, I know,
Will never fade away.
 

PissMyAss
1,345 products in account
0
1,174 people found this review helpful
1,641 people found this review funny 242

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2021
Like the developers, I didn't finish the ga