SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
436 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: 12 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
TLDR: Enormous potential to be a huge time-sink, but still needs work.

The good:
- It's a clone of Banished+Colonial Charter mod, in the best of ways.
- The graphics, music, and ambience are generally very good.
- The gameplay loop is addictive.
- The additions of combat, soil composition, crop selection, all extra dimensions to the Banished formula and force you to consider your town's layout.
- The UI is pretty good, though not perfect.
- Road building is really easy/practical!

The bad (keep in mind it's still in Early Access)
- The "tech tree" doesn't make much sense as it is right now. As other posters pointed out, you often need building A so you can have building B, but building A will be useless for a while. Then you get attacked, and need weapons, but you need iron, but have no means to make it.
- It's hard to tell buildings apart in the UI. I rely on hovering over them, because they look too similar, and it disrupts the flow.
- Really needs a tutorial. I've played a lot of Banished so I immediately knew what to do, but other users won't.
- The terrain-flatten tool is a must but it's not working. I expect that to be fixed soonish.
 

Crit Magnet
662 products in account
9
88 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: 31 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Alright, after 39 hours in game I think it's safe to say this is a solid yes recommendation. The game runs with little performance issues on my set up. Most lags hit around larger population with more than 300 people and several buildings. Crates other game Grim Dawn ran through a great EA process and upon release became my favorite game with ~1400 hours played. I have no doubt they will improve upon and update this game to the same caliber of quality game play as it proceeds through EA and into it's 1.0 version.

Are there some mechanics that can use improvement? Yes, there are. The more pressing issues are invisible global inventory and some small corrections to the traders management system, plus some tweaks to the raider system. I would assume that the tiers for unlocking buildings and resources will under go some changes as well as the game moves closer to it's official release but that said there is plenty to do here right now to bring you hours of fun . There are several maps of varying difficulty and you can customize the play through as well in advanced settings. There is some learning curve to farming and trading for things you don't have readily available, though I feel this just adds to the challenge of your play through.
 

DefiantShade
2,546 products in account
10
118 people found this review helpful
163 people found this review funny 30

Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: 12 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
So it was around year 42 when the hoard of barbarians asked for 1200 gold or they would destroy my city. I could not pay, my villagers were well stocked, fat and happy, but sadly we spent our gold on entertainment and the illusion of defence. The raiders made short work of my walls, watchtowers and anyone that tried to repel them, they tore through to the village centre and destroyed it within seconds. They also knocked one of my fences down, that was protecting my bean crop. Little did I know the devastation yet to befall my town. One single deer managed to consume 1,800 beans. After this there was no hope of recovery! 10/10 excellent game, cant wait for more!!!
 

Wilksinator
83 products in account
1
441 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 43

Recommended
180.5 hrs on record
Posted: 15 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Okay- after almost 46 hours in Early Access, I am going to give this an initial review.
(I will update my review as the game evolves and gets to full release.)

First- I own a number of settlement/city-builder games.
None ever felt good to me, I generally played for a very short time (a few hours at most), quit playing and never felt the call to go back and try the game again.

This game is different, somehow.
Yes, it is made by Crate- which is why I bought it and decided to see if this was the one that got me into the genre.
If it sucked, I would say so.
I like and trust Crate, but I ain't their cheerleader.

That said- the game is gorgeous to look at- the art style is good, and very much has that "Grim Dawn" Crate look to it.
But it is a much more vibrant and "realistic" world.
The music is fantastic- it suits the game, isn't overdone or intrusive.
Skew Sound did a bang-up job with the music.
The audio is good- the sounds of chopping trees, casting fishing lines, sawing planks- it all sounds "right"- not overwhelming and noisy for the sake of being noisy, and you can turn the sound down and music down in the main settings if it suits you.

The gameplay is complex for someone not used to this type of game- it is a lot to learn and keep track of.
I am finding the UI to be a bit overwhelming and a bit unintuitive for a newbie like me to try to look at and work with all at once, but the more I play, the more it starts to make sense to me.

Some optimization issues, with some hitching and fps spiking once my towns hit about 60-70 villagers, and things get busy.
It is Early Access, and they have said more optimization passes will come as they move forward- which is what I expected.
The opening screen contains a disclaimer telling you to expect bugs and future changes- so if you can't deal with that- don't buy Early Access games. Wait for full release.

Other than the microhitching and fps spiking- I haven't has any major issues with the game running well enough to play. No crashes, nothing gamebreaking.
I am playing on a desktop with an i9 9900k/ NVIDIA 2070 RTX Super/ 16 GB DDR4 @2400 MHz/ Windows 10 Home.
60-144 fps (usually closer to 144, but the spiking will drop it to 60, with an occasional hitch/stutter that drops it to much lower- autosaves will cause the game to hitch pretty significantly. It is a Unity game, it is CPU bound more than GPU bound.
No thermal throttling on my machine, temps peak at around 70-75 ° C, which is well within safe limits for my system. (5 fans and liquid cooled, though- so YMMV).

So- not the best perf right now, hopefully that will improve with future optimization passes.

I like it.
I am really enjoying the game, and the process of learning the game and how things work.
I've already gotten my money's worth, though I did pay less than full price because I bought (completed) the Crate Entertainment Complete Collection Bundle. I have no problem with the price, but I also am not struggling financially- so again, YMMV.

Again, I will update this as things go along and change for better or worse.
But the fact that I have not rage-quit after a half hour, like I did with Banished- that should say something.
Not sure why this game has really grabbed me, when so many other games in the same or similar genres have not- but it has.
Check back in at a later date to see if I still feel the same. :)

(Quick edit: 22 August, 2022- to fix a few typos. More may exist- dyslexia makes me miss them quite frequently.)
 

IFIYGD
1,909 products in account
14
186 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
151.1 hrs on record
Posted: 24 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
As a decades+ player of Age of Empires, and thirsty for a game that focused more on building and development over combat and seeking conquest-dependent game completion, I could not have jumped higher at the chance to test this game out. My first impression was very positive. It's immersive with incredible attention to detail. A few things I don't like: as a casual player, I would have liked an easier 'easy mode.' I found the learning curve a bit steep and a possible deterrent to players unsure if they would enjoy a game like this. There is so much to do and so much to keep track of that, while wonderfully realistic, can make it seem more like a job than a game, just keeping your villagers alive. One suggestion for improving this that I would like to strongly emphasize over any other is to make hunting and fishing more influential sources food. Right now, all maps seem heavily dependent on your farming capacity, but maps like lakes limit this, but the restrictions on fishing prevents that from being a viable replacement, which seems to be the point of the map. Making hunting and fishing nodes more influential would also help offer players more options in what kind of settlement to build, noting that these nodes still require a fair bit of space to be usable (ie. I don't think this adjustment would be unbalanced, as you cannot build on water or too close to hunting spots. Second importance is waste. I would very much like to be able to assign waste collectors to designated locations, much like rat trappers, if only to help with the issue of waste collectors being idle or working the same area while waste is accumulating somewhere (else). Other quality of life improvements might be things like limiting immigration and birth rates more when supplies are low, not just when villagers are unhappy, dedicating villagers to gather or build instead of varying degrees of either, and making priority setting more influential (I once had a farm set on priority and it still took 5 years before it got built!)

Overall I'm still enjoying the game quite a bit, and look forward to the full release!
 

Aiyuri
17 products in account
0
183 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
$30 is a bit steep, honestly, but I'd still recommend it.

PROS:
• It runs fine and my computer is fairly old at this point.
• I have encountered very few bugs, and nothing game-breaking.
• The gameplay loop isn't new by any means, but it's done well. It isn't overly complex, but there's always stuff to do.
• Farming is really cool! It's simple, maintaining fertility, weeds, and rockiness by rotating crops feels fun without ever being tedious.
• The 'desirability' mechanic leads to cool 'districts'.
• Graphics look good!
• It just works. It runs well, plays well, and you can sink hours into it if this is the kind of game you like. EA titles usually fail at one of these three, so this is really the reason it's a positive review.
• You need to think about trading in this game, and not just to gain money. You are limited in the amount of resources you can harvest (some are nonrenewable, others are unavailable on certain maps), so you have to be always looking to trade.


CONS:
• Long loading times, even on an SSD.
• It isn't well balanced and some features aren't well thought out. The transition from a tier 2 to a tier 3 town is particularly annoying. For example, you can make a pub at tier 2, but you have to be a tier 3 city to make beer. You can trade for beer, I guess, but you're primarily putting pubs down to make more money. Garrison and healers cost a lot of money, and you don't really start making good money until you've upgraded all your markets and you have a lot of tier 3 houses.
• Raids and fighting wildlife are the most annoying parts of the game. Raiders appear instantly, giving you no time at all to get your villagers into the keep. Raiders themselves can be difficult to deal with, but this is mostly because garrison forces cost so much and it takes a while to begin making any kind of money. The combat AI is also tremendously terrible. You will spend a lot of time clicking on a 20/30-man raider force one-by-one.
• I have the same gripes with Grim Dawn's UI, but it's so just small and ugly.
• $30 is a bit steep. The game works well, but it really isn't doing much new or even doing the standard base-building mechanics particularly well. That said, the game has a ton of potential to continue refining or adding new features.

EDIT after completing current EA content:
• You can tell by mid-game, but by late game it's very obvious: the economy is really poorly balanced. Soldier upkeep costs too much, you don't make much money from taxes (even with fully upgraded manors), and trading often isn't even profitable due to the fact that you need to spend so much money importing raw resources just to keep your industry moving.
• The game scales really badly. After I built and upgraded every building, I was looking forward to coasting for another few hours to really refine the design of my city.... Instead, I ended up constantly having to interact with the traders to get more wood, stone, and raw resources so my city could continue to function. When I wasn't doing that, I was trying to figure out why the 50+ people I had harvesting wood and working in labor camps were unable to provide enough wood.

TL/DR: Really bad balancing limits replayability, and makes the late/mid game experience feel like busy work. I'm excited to see where it goes, and do not regret buying, but I'll be shelving this until future updates.
 

cheesebag
161 products in account
0
134 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: 20 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Cautious recommend for now, big caveats though:

1. There is no way to know what your production levels of anything are, except for food. Need to know supply/demand curves for everything! I've had a prioritized construction site sit untouched for an entire game year because the builders were waiting on materials, and the laborers were delivering the materials to other production buildings which used up all the excess leaving none for construction.

2. Combat needs to be reworked. Just let us use the tried and true group select -> attack move. It works, it's intuitive.

3. There's no way to see how backed up your builders / gatherers are. There is a big spreadsheet that shows how many people are allocated to jobs but there's no indication if they are idle or not. This is a big problem in 2 cases, first with construction, there is no way to know how long it will take to build a building. Second, seasonal workers are not automatically sent to do other jobs when winter comes. They just go sit in their houses unless you remember to manually give them other work.

4. Crop feedback is weird. I've planted super heat resistant crops and had them die from heat instantly. I've had crops which are supposed to be super prone to disease do just fine while disease resistant crops die frequently.

5. Trees do not provide enough lumber. It feel like I have to clearcut the entire map just to get to tier 3, maybe that's intentional though.
 

Transformagraphagizer
301 products in account
3
366 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 60

Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: 9 August
Product received for free

EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Early Access Review after 50+ Hours
Disclaimer: I received a free copy of Farthest Frontier from the game's PR team. But I've not been paid to talk about the game, stream or create content for it, nor say anything positive about it at all. It's just that good.

TL;DR: Farthest Frontier might just be the best colony builder I've played since Banished released 8 years ago. From the game's gorgeous soundtrack and sound design, to the challenge of balancing a sprawling, expansive city, Farthest Frontier surprised me in so many good ways. The game isn't perfect, of course, but it will keep you buys for tens of hours *at least*, and for many of you - many, many more.

View some unsponsored gameplay

YouTube™ Video: Farthest Frontier | 2022's New SPRAWLING 16th Century City Builder 
Views: 3,038
Farthest Frontier is 2022's new City Builder out by Crate Entertainment - developers of Grim Dawn! But is Farthest Frontier worth buying?


FAQ
What games does Farthest Frontier feel like?
It feels most like Banished and Anno - gather resources with your population, use them to place new buildings and appease the townspeople. Happy townspeople upgrade their homes and require new goods to remain happy. There have been some comparisons to Settlement Survival and Foundation as well.

Are there enemy attacks? Can you play in peaceful mode?
Yes, you'll be attacked by raiders periodically. You can enable peaceful mode when you start the game if you'd like, or adjust the game's settings so that raider attacks don't ramp up in difficulty. This makes raiders very weak and basically negligible. But you will still face some small attacks from them. You can also challenge yourself with heavy raider attacks if you'd like to, or set the game right in the middle with a balanced mode. Death is a part of life in Farthest Frontier.

How do you "win"?
So far the game doesn't have a strict "win" condition. You can play infinitely, with no hard population cap. Your PC hardware will determine how long you can play the game. I currently have 400 population in my city, and the game performance is starting to slow down a bit. That's because each villager has their own life, jobs, pathing, and is individually animated.

Is it multiplayer?
No, and I wouldn't hold your breath for it.

Is it moddable?
Not as of writing this review, but I'd be surprised if the game wasn't made moddable in the future.

If I like X, will I like Farthest Frontier?
Banished - Yes
Settlement Survival - Yes
Foundation - Probably (there *is* a grid in this one)
Anno - Maybe (The game is simpler than Anno, but many of the same principles are here)
RimWorld - Maybe (The game's challenging, but characters don't have stats or "individuality" in the same way)
The Sims - Lol I have no idea

Long Form Review
It's been many many years since I've played a game that has excited me the same way that Farthest Frontier did when I first loaded it up. The moment the soundtrack hits you, you realize the care and attention to detail that the game has toward the atmosphere and sound design - something often neglected in simulation games. But it makes all the difference here. Each time a villager chops a tree, you hear a chop sound. Each time the season turns from summer to autumn to winter, the yellow leaves fall and the sound of creaking dead trees can be heard. The game's atmosphere is encompassing, immersive, and delicately made. For that alone, the game was worth it.

Gameplay is what you would expect from the trailer. You start on a procedurally-generated world with a few settlers and a town center. You give orders to your settlers to chop trees, mine stone, gather food, and build new buildings like storage yards and homes. Villagers have a happiness meter determined by the goods and services they have access to - they need clothes, shoes, tools, a variety of food, sanitation services, and clean drinking water. Failing to provide these things and your villagers may die from a variety of diseases, or from frost exposure, or from a work accident. Villagers that catch Small Pox need to be quarantined from the others, or they'll spread the disease to one another. In one game, I accidentally gathered a militia to fight off a roaving group of bandits, but because one militia member was sick with Small Pox, I suddenly had an outbreak of 50-70 small pox victims. That one...didn't turn out too well.

Each villager is independently nameable and controllable unlike in games like Banished. There's no generalized abstraction of the game mechanics here. Bob wakes up at home, goes to work, mines some rock, and takes that rock back to the storage. If Bob dies along the way, he drops the rocks he had in his inventory on the ground and someone else needs to pick them up (and also bury Bob in the graveyard). It makes the game feel alive in that way as too do the decorative elements of the game. While each of the buildings are hand-crafted and unique, many of them - like houses - are cookie-cutter designs that can end up looking repetitive next to one another. You can mix up your town by adding parks, wood and fruit trees, farmland, and roads to design a pretty aesthetically-pleasing city. And almost every building in the game is upgradable through at least one or two steps upward as your technology increases, so there always feels like there's more to do.

I've generated about 20-30 different worlds and each one feels different. One was a barren hellscape with little more than gravel and ice to build on. The ground was infertile and there were few animals or bushes for foraging, but the land was rich in valuable minerals, so we would have needed to rely on crafting and trade in order to feed ourselves. On another, most of the area was made up of lakes and ponds. Deer and boar were plentiful and the land was mostly flat for building. I've spoken with the developers who say it's even possible to roll an island seed, where you're stuck completely surrounded by water without any help (or harm) from the outside world.

The typical pressures in the game are around running out of resources. As your population grows, you'll need to build new farms on fertile land that will eventually run out. Your supply of deer may dwindle if you expand over their home territory, so you'll need to reconsider where to place your hunters huts to continue the supply of hides and meat. In fields, you'll need to rotate crops to keep the land fertile enough for growing. Your wells will begin to evaporate if the ground isn't covered in shade from trees. Wild animals will break into your fences, damage buildings, and steal your food if you don't protect your city. And of course, raiders will attack and attempt to steal your gold bars - the game's defacto currency - if you haven't built a suitable defense of walls, towers, and barracks to defend against them.

One playthrough took me about 20-30 hours to reach the end-game final technology levels. Though I was focused more on creating a massive town than I was to reach the absolute end of the available content. Once I reached about 250 population I noticed some slowdown and chugging in the game. Panning the camera around began to get choppy, which was the first time the game brought me out of immersion. To test it though, I've challenged myself to reach 500 population in our game on-stream: twitch.tv/maxthecatfish 400 pops in, the game still runs - though with some chop - and we might even work toward 1000 population to see if we can really push its limits.

Outside of performance, for an early access game, I'm super pleased with the game, and I mean it when I say that Farthest Frontier is likely the best colony builder I've played in the past 10 years. The game's sound design is thoughtfully crafted, the gameplay brings me back to the joy I had playing Banished for the first time, and it's full of new challenges and puzzles that I thoroughly enjoy. I highly recommend it.
 

MaxTheCatfish
550 products in account
16
274 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 26

Not Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: 16 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you take a look at my profile you will see a staggering amount of city builder / survival games that have all tried to emulate one title, Banished. I have played thousands and thousands of hours of these kinds of titles and while I like where Farthest Frontier is going, it needs a bunch of tweaking. It has a number of good and bad mechanics, some which can be corrected I think.

The Good:
- The game has a ton of resources that are tied together, meaning long supply chains to build more complex items
- The graphics are fantastic
- Relatively easy to pick up, harder to get catastrophic insta-city killing events
- There are outside threats that will cause you headaches a la RimWorld
- I like the micro-management framework

The Annoying/Bad/Fixable:
Every society has used quarries and foresters to manage these resources or dig them out of a more central place.
- You need a stone quarry, Crate, or some other way of getting stone other than trading or finding rocks on the ground
- Same goes for reforestation. These are pretty critical resources that get harder and harder to collect.
- Black smithing is way, way, WAY to far into the game to be useful. It's a late game item, but you get slaughtered by Raiders because you have nothing to defend with other than towers that shoot arrows because you cannot build the swords, armor and shields. You can buy them for obscene amounts of gold, IF you have it.
- Farms are incredibly useless. They are constantly sick with infection, or seeing fertility rates in the 60's, even with management with poop and clover growing. Not enough fertile areas on "middle" difficulties.
- Never enough food in the area. Hunting is countered by expansion and in some cases, will disappear
- Foraging doesn't produce enough because eventually you are walking too far
- There is no logic to the wagons that I can decipher. Most of the time they are idle.
- Markets have 1 employee. Banished allowed up to 10. Markets are frequently out of stock making sims walk stupid distances for food, slowing their work progress
- Temporary homes are a neat idea, but need more explanation
- Markets need more explanation
- Resource logistics needs more explanation
- Using the mechanic that "desirable" lands cause house to upgrade is fine, but the amount that things increase an area is not explained well, so you don't know how much an area will be affected
- I hate the trading interface to stock stuff. It needs like 3 less steps.
- Food production numbers going by "months of food available" but no easy way to see actual amounts, makes management difficult.
- The zoom out doesn't go far enough. Needs like 5-10x more zoom out
- The performance is turrible. Once you get up to a hundred sims, get ready for your computer to sound like a rocket ship
- The animations for building and finished buildings is mehhhh. One step above Banished. Ostriv is the better example of building animations.

Most of these issues come down to two things: Bad interface/UI/Flavor text design, lack of full stats and/or pinnable windows. Again, going back to Banished, I can have jobs, stocks, events and menus for items all visible at the same time.

I'm going to keep playing as they update it, and updating this. I know it is E.A. lots of time. I just expected a bit more.
 

[AOD]Spacemonkey
382 products in account
29
756 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 88

Not Recommended
28.8 hrs on record
Posted: 14 August
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Review time - For the record I am not a super hardcore micromanage loving city builder player. I'm more of the type that likes to spend a 5-10 hours building a city and defending it and then moving along to the next map.

TL;DR : Game is good/enjoyable but it has a long way to go. I want to see the game expand and flourish. But the Price vs Content does not equal out just yet. I am not bashing the game. Just pointing my current experience as a new player and will update in the future.

Update:The Devs seem to be taking feedback very well and working to patch the larger complaints and issues out. This is a great sign. Currently we're seeing the good side of this newest patch, but it's introducing it's own bugs and will result in needing to restart saves, again, and hope no more game breaking bugs appear. I will give it a couple of days to allow time for small hot fixes, play again, and hopefully be able to update this review to a positive one.

Update 2 : After a few updates and hotfixes, I have been able to sit down, play the game on a single save, and enjoy it. There are a few things here and there that are minor hiccups, but the fact of the matter is the game is now in a state where it's understandable to purchase and enjoy it, unlike the first several days where there were far too many game breaking bugs. The Developers have been hustling away, communicating with the community, and improving the game at incredible rates. As such this game is entirely worth it now. < 3 Thank you Devs. I have faith in the future of this game.

::Pros::
- The graphic design is fantastic.
- The Audio/Music/ambiance is lovely.
- Resource management functions.
- You will get captivated and lose sense of time.
- Upgrading things feels like a reward (sometimes.)
- It's relaxing when it's not stressful.
- It has a >lot< of potential.

::Cons::
- Ai is some of the silliest I've seen. With updates the Ai has improved drastically. Some silly things still occur but this has been enhanced to a much more tolerable and enjoyable level since day 1.

- You NEVER have enough food. Even with dozens upon dozens of food resources, I never once had a single second where I was not getting alerted that I was short of food. Resolved with patch

- You NEVER have enough entertainment. Resolved with patch

- Defenses are useless. 10 raiders will kick through a wooden wall in seconds. Resolved with patch.

- You can't make weapons besides bows until you hit Tier 3. This means you can't even equip your people with knives until you can build tier 3 manufacturing and are left to rely on spending your precious gold on overpriced weapons from traders if any come that have them. Essentially your people will spend >years< not able to simply make a stone knife, but they can make bows...that they hardly use.

- Stone is the biggest issue in the game. It is far, far, far too sparse even on the easy map on easy-normal settings. You will be sending people to the other side of the map to mine a single rock. This appears resolved by the patch, but a current bug makes all stone on the map vanish if you save and reload.

- There are bugs. Previously there was a mess load of bugs. However the bug list just keeps shrinking and shrinking. This is no longer a massive concern as major game breaking bugs appear resolved.

- Buildings will 'decay' and Ai will not repair them until you close the game and reopen it. This has been resolved and although there are some hiccups here and there, it is constantly being worked on and improved.

- The Prioritize button that you can select when building something is visual only. I watched my builders ignore the "prioritized" house in the small neighborhood I constructed until it was very last. Resolved with patch.

- The game alerts you with a noise that inspires dread and worry if someone sneezes, but it doesn't alert you if a building is completed, or a work task is completed. Partially resolved with patch, but major improvement from before.

- There is no "repair" button for damaged structures. As such you have to hope the less than stellar Ai will think to repair buildings before they are condemned. Once they are condemned, you are better off destroying the building and rebuilding... This has been mostly resolved and is no longer a game breaking issue

- Clicking on assets can be disrupted by priority elements behind said asset. For instance I wanted to click a tree to harvest it but was unable to as it kept defaulting to the road behind it. Instead you have to click an button at the bottom of the UI, and drag over the individual tree you want to harvest. Just...eh.

- What are heavy weapons even? You can buy them from traders but there's no details on them. Where do they go? Who uses them? What are the stats? Why can I buy a crude club? Or a pole axe? Or full plate armor? Does it offer specific protection against specific enemies?

- The game is not very intuitive. I am somewhat aware that there is a guide somewhere explaining items and things, but why isn't it in the game? Why do you have to swap to another window, or pause the game to minimize it and check a browser tab to learn what a UI feature does? There are a few in game, but I can't explain how many times I had to check out of game for information that should be found in the game.

- Combat is boring, to me. Besides needing to micromanage your garrison/villagers to attack an enemy....it's boring. Updating this a bit - combat is still boring, however, game is focused on having bugs resolved and due to the extreme effort being shown by the devs it is understandable. I still hope more is added in terms of combat at a later date.

- The cost of building something and needing to manage it feels more like a punishment than a reward for accomplishing the feat of unlocking and building it. This has been improved upon with patches and now feels much, much better to build. Less of a punishment.

- It needs to be optimized. Even on an m.2 drive on a rather stout gamer/streaming PC, load times can get pretty bad, stuttering can happen, etc. Things I know very well shouldn't happen in a game being driven by a 3080 and a 3900x and seeing little load from the game. I don't think my RAM usage ever exceeded 38% with 32gb total available.


- There is really no end game. You max out your city/buildings. Raiders come every so often. You rely on traders for the materials you need because resources like the limited number of rocks on the map do >not< respawn. That's...it. - I'm striking this as looking back on it this a moot point considering the end goal of a game like this is to reach a state of self support where you don't need to do anything.

::Conclusion::

This is a fun game. I like it. However I really want to see it grow before I play it again. I want to see more in depth combat. I want to see more garrison units. Balance of resources. Etc. Right now, however, it feels more like a punishment than an enjoyable thing to spend a few hours playing. It needs a lot of balancing and polishing. It needs content that is not senseless micromanaging. Give me less focus on consumption charts and more focus on why a Garrison costs a monthly fee + a fee for each soldier. It's a game, and I know there are bits of realistic thought dripped into it, but it leans too much on the metrics side and less on the "fun" and "rewarding" side. The 16 hours spent was 16 hours of me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at my monitor because Ai acted wonky, stones weren't available, or I was being alerted every 2 seconds that someone had hurt their foot in a mine.

Pick it up in a few months once bugs are addressed and content is added. Right now? It's fun if you want to try it.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Fate
166 products in account
41
122 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
For being early access, the early delve into this title seems very promising.

The graphics are neat; the weather affects are gorgeous; the difficulty seems to be pretty fair given there doesn't seem to be a tutorial (which I may have skipped) but much to be said about not needing one if there is.
The art outside actual game play is appealing; the setting, tone and mood is immersive.
It has multiple layers of building tiers which seems promising when building progress isn't locked behind research... and instead by other buildings. The Farming system seems multi faceted by blending crops and achieving proper soil health.

Being a veteran city building/empire management enthusiast, I can tell I will truly enjoy this. (will update as I go)
 

Paprika
940 products in account
0
67 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The only game im happy to play on Normal speed and that's probably the greatest compliment you can pay a settlement game.

Visually very good looking game, lots of nice touches, such as lightening strikes and birds that fly in a V which seems trivial but its these things that add immersion.

One of the best Iteration of seasonal Survival I've seen since banished, a very in depth and weighted management system, from Crop rotation and fertility to job scope and variation to Psuedo district designation in the form of desirability and happiness.

Dangers from freezing, sickness, disease, enemy AI and Animals.

its hard to explain just how well presented this is, i like to say it takes the best forms of ANNO, Banished and Stronghold and blends it very well to create an immersive and engaging experience. This ones going to hook fans of the genre for sure.
 

Pandemonium
178 products in account
0
564 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 51

Not Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I cannot recommend this game at this time, there are too many poor design choices currently. The game is said to be early access but with the current state I think this is an exploitation of the system by Crate, there are too many things missing or poorly implemented for it to be seen by the public.

The tier system makes no sense, you unlock buildings in tier 2 that are useless until you unlock buildings in tier 3 that can provide them with resource. For example you unlock a pub in tier 2 that needs beer, you cannot make any beer until you get to tier 3 so your pub is sitting there idle for no reason. You can trade for beer with traders but that is not consistent, you are relying on RNG to allow you to use the buildings you built.

Speaking of traders, the trading system is ok at best, the traders never seem to have the stuff that you want (like beer), there is no notification to tell you when a trader has arrived either so you are constantly scanning the trading post to see if one has arrived or is on its way.

There is no way to seeing what jobs your people are working on so you have no idea how long it will take them to get to the building you just placed or mining the stone you just asked them to mine.

I have seen the developers say that the design decisions they made are so people cannot stockpile huge amounts of resources, if that was true they would not put the iron mine in tier 2 but every building that uses the iron into tier 3. This leaves you just stacking iron ore until you unlock tier 3.

There is no explanation for any resource use, how much food do my villagers eat per year? The only graph is how well the village performed in the last 12 months.

Stone is a scarce resource that as you mine you need to go further and further afield to find more. Why can't we have a quarry building because after all we are on Earth? Why is the only stone available all surface level? This seems like a pretty basic thing to have in a city builder.

There is also no resource limitations so your villagers will just keep collecting, mining, chopping whilst they have the resource in range. You will have to micro manage them to stop and move the villager to a different job.

I will make edits to this review as the early access phase continues based on the changes that Crate make. Currently this seems more akin to a trading game than a city building game.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Strexxin
414 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
84.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 31
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If Dawn of Man and Banished would have a child, but better.
 

kcb
186 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
74 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A quarter of my settlers were wiped out by bears - 10/10 realism
 

GreatWhiteClark
184 products in account
1
44 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Quick edit: The most recent game update as of 8/25/2022 has fixed a handful of the complaints I and many others had and they have outlined how they are going to address others.

Things fixed: they added more large resource nodes for late game. Added a better alert for when the trader shows up at your town. Fixed some tool tips and notifications. Adjusted support costs for some mid game units and buildings. And more.

Things on the roadmap: full resource production management (filtering, max limits, min limits, etc). Late game resources such as mines and other permanent sources. More late game buildings. And more.


Overall I recommend it, it's a good game, but it also definitely has ways to go before it's a great game. So long as the early access phase goes well, it's definitely going to be one you can sink many hours in to. My hope is that a lot of what I am taking issue with is already planned to be addressed during EA.

Some of the many things I like about the game:
- CURVED PATHS/ROADS! I honestly wasn't incredibly interested in the game until I found out that you could curve paths and roads. I'm tired of all the strict grid-based town builders out there.

- It really is a gorgeous game. I love setting the speed to normal and just watching village life for a bit.

- The representation of untamed nature is great - there are logs, rocks, and branches littering the ground. Besides trees and grass, there are shrubs and bushes filling out the gaps. Trees organically grow over time, and the more trees there are the faster new ones grow. It all feels so wonderfully rustic.

- It has a steep learning curve (currently no tutorials), but it's really not *that* difficult of a game if you are familiar with the genre. I'm currently at 70 villagers in my first play-through, taking tons of time to just chill and watch life unfold. So far, it's less punishing than Banished, Diplomacy is Not an Option, and possibly Rimworld, but more-so than something like Anno.

- Lots of little production steps that are often overlooked in games: food spoils without preservation. Farms and crops need to be maintained and rotated. Tree management is important but not overwhelming. And so-on.

- I LOVE the move building mechanic. I've not gotten to the late game yet to see how more permanent buildings behave, but your early log/dirt buildings can be moved if you find a better spot later on. (except graveyards. I have a love/hate relationship with this one - I feel it should be able to get moved if it is empty)

Some of the issues I have:
- No Steam Cloud saves! I travel and so am often switching between my laptop and desktop. It would be wonderful if I could bring my save files along with me.

- There needs to be a way to limit max resources produced. For example, unless I manually go turn the building off, my firewood cutter will produce non-stop to the point where I have hundreds of units of firewood with a town of 20 people. One cutter is the minimum, but even that will still greatly out-produce consumption in the early game. But then I have to remember to go turn the building production back on again later when my supplies start getting low.

- Some tooltips and hover states are missing.

- The resource indicators need an overhaul or to be filterable. They are all so similar looking that you can spend forever trying to find a deer icon in the sea of berries, greens, and herbs. Also, blueberries should have their own icon since they function differently than the hawthorn and other "berry" types of forageables (you can re-plant them elsewhere).

- Huge need for more buildings that provide entertainment. Also, why does the pub unlock at tier 2, but you can't make beer until tier 3?

- Need for more late-game buildings in general. Tier 1 and 2 have a decent bit, but tier 3 is sparse.

- Walls should be able to be built at an angle like roads. The stone walls could even curve like the roads. Pretty much only the wood fence could cause some issues.

- Why do low stone walls only have 50 more HP than a wood fence? (200 vs 250)

- Need to be able to rotate the camera up more - sometimes placing buildings is difficult because you can't see through what is surrounding the location

- (Related to the above) Building blueprints should show through trees and buildings during placement. Many times I've had to move to a more open location on the map to rotate the building because I can't see its orientation through its surroundings where I want to place it.

- No alert telling you when a trader has arrived at your trading outpost, even through the trader is a critical source of some late game resources.

- The delay between actions for villagers can cause issues. After they complete a task, or if the task was canceled, they stop and stand motionless for a couple seconds before starting something new. This can become an issue when emergencies such as fires are going on.

- The fire fighting animations seem reversed. Villagers stand at the well scooping or throwing buckets of water for a couple seconds. Then they walk to the center (through the flames) of the building that is on fire and instantly dump the water with no animation before turning around and walking back to the well (assuming the fire was not put out).

- The compost mechanic is really cool but takes so long, especially in the early game. You can go years before you get any usable compost.

And, just in the hopes that the devs see them, here are some little nitpicks that really don't affect the game at all, but would be really nice to see:
- Spring into early summer could have more wildflowers in the scrub-land. Scrub and prairie land can be so beautifully colorful in the spring.

- It would be nice if there were some better winter road and building textures. The terrain gets some nice spotty snow that gradually fades in and grows, trees and bushes change colors and eventually drop their leaves, but buildings and roads just get a general white wash to represent "snow."

- Some sort of low-level "desire path" mechanic would be awesome. Since bushes, grass, and trees are so thick, it would be really cool if the paths your villagers take most often would leave some sort of trace.

- Purely for aesthetic reasons, here should be an option to clear the ground of everything, leaving only dirt. This would be useful for the denser, more industrial parts of your town.
 

Augmenton
284 products in account
2
645 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 89

Not Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Re-Review 24/08/22, So the devs are just trolling at this point. I won't be playing this anymore or updating this review until MANY more updates come out. I'd refund this game for half my money back if I could. I don't accept the whole KeEp In MiND iTS EaRlY AcCeSS. :spit: Had this game on my wishlist for 18 months and back then you had already released screenshots of tier 4 town halls and tier 3 shelters.

Made their new 'Idyllic' map mode, which for starters is dumb like why would you want to choose a map with no resources I feel like this should be a thing in all maps? Anyways it's no different.

Still no Mines. or any new buildings at all for that matter.

Rerolled my 'Idyllic' map 3 times ran out of stone in each one within an hour and there was literally none lmao, it was worse, genuinely couldn't even find a rock which led to my 2 hours of time being a waste because exploring farther away for new stone is not an option so I had no motivation to continue. Not just going to sit here rerolling my map over and over and over.

Still takes WAY too long for anything to get done, spent the better part of 30 minutes on 3x speed waiting for a fishing hut and a couple shelters to get built and you can't do anything while waiting because that just confuses the AI which by the way is still very bad, still take the longest possible route to get to anywhere, still unable to control them to do anything, prioritisation is not enough to get something done when you need it done. Winter comes too quickly, why is an in game year like 20 minutes but a building takes half this time to get completed if you're lucky.

Game trailers and screenshots are misleading this is not a city builder game, this is a survival game I think, it cannot be both. Even as a Survival game which is a much broader genre this is a pale entry.

Encountered pop ups saying my saves kept failing which had never happened prior to this update.

Couldn't really test much of the crop features since I ran out of stone in both my playthroughs before getting to that point lol. But as far as I can tell there is no real new content in this 'largest update' they took buildings and features away from us if anything or delayed their use.

The terrain flatten tool makes me want to rope it. You're better off rerolling your map until its completely flat before having to use that forsaken feature. But I'm sick and tired of having to reroll my map honestly.

Still no way to determine what storages workers use, workers still don't grab food from the closest sources, builder handcarts are a big meme they will walk over with a cart and place like 4 wood? Takes 3 carts to build a beginner shelter I really didn't feel any sort of efficiency increase.

The population count increase for tier 3 and tier 4 just seems like a way of artificially increasing playthrough duration there is no real benefit to this, you will just struggle for longer without the tier 3 resources and features until you get them but you don't really need them I guess anyways since you can just buy everything from the trading post.

Still very annoying to watch your towers miss a boar 6 times in a row and the boar is just wreaking havoc on your villagers like its the Falador massacre. You are better off highlighting all of your people and selecting attack on the boar to prevent this, yes you can tell your workers to attack something, just not to build something important.

Didn't get to test raiders, no resources. :shrug: they weren't the biggest issue anyways.

I mean sure if you want a Survival-ish game you might like the suffering component of the game. This cannot be enjoyed as a city builder though.

I don't think I've been let down so much by any game or 'technically' largest update which by the way why technically? Do you not know? I'm done being a part of this insidious testing experience.

I cannot stress enough that this is not going to be a good 30 dollars spent for you compared to what else is available.
 

Miss
203 products in account
22
53 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
**I haven't had a chance to test the update yet, but it definitely looks like it is several steps in the right direction! Less than a week after launch too, so that bodes well.

Good start for EA, but far from perfect. It's a mix of Banished and Dawn of Man, but misses the mark in a few major ways. I did have a lot of fun playing, and Grim Dawn is far and away the best ARPG ever made so I have no doubt it'll get better, but I'll focus on the problems with the game in the interest of feedback.

-Walls can really be a PITA to get placed, between the awkward slope requirements (much more strict than DoM) and the inexplicable amount of time it takes to build them. Part of this is that I never know what my builders are doing, or if I need more of them. In DoM you can easily see what every single person is doing, as well as every single job that is underway or queued.

-Raids are kinda awful. You're seemingly only told that it's happening once something takes damage and by that time, it's pretty much too late to do much about it. Especially since the only non-micro intensive option is to click the button on the town hall which should just be a white flag because everyone just hides in the town hall while your town burns. Why would I ever use that? In DoM, your people gather at the gate nearest to the raiders, to, y'know, defend. And this is made worse by the fact that when you get raided, you get raided by multiple groups at once. I've had times where I managed to fight the raid off by swarming them with people, only to discover that the other raid just made off with all of my money. And how the hell am I ever meant to afford enough soldiers for that to be my defense? You end up just swarming them with bodies and maybe microing the low health ones away. If this is meant to be an RTS, it needs more RTS features, but frankly I'd be happier if they just copied Dawn of Man's raiding/defense system.

-T2 makes no sense. Why can I mine ore in T2 but not smelt it? Why do people demand entertainment before I can provide it? I felt like I was missing something the whole way through T2 but I'm pretty sure it's the game that's missing something, not me.

-Trading is unreliable and a pain to manage, while also apparently being the primary way to make money. The game doesn't even tell you when the traders arrive and they don't stick around very long. Buying beer here is the only way to provide entertainment at T2, but you gotta luck out and get a trader that sells it. You gotta hope that they're buying what you're selling and selling what you're buying.

-You can't set limits on things like firewood so they just keep going and going. You can micromanage it by controlling how many people are working on it, but there's no way to know how big of an effect that actually has. I frequently daydream about having the level of control that Dawn of Man gives.

-Stone. I think you guys left the quarry building out on accident! Oopsie!

-The game doesn't run very well. Medium settings and I get around 40 fps with frequent hangs.

-Is it only one wagon per wagon shop? It seems like wagon driver should be a different job, but idk, maybe I just need to build a dozen more of them.

Despite these issues, the game is still genuinely really fun and I'm looking forward to playing it as it improves!
 

kywei
734 products in account
0
214 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
165.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's sad to see so many negative reviews getting the most traction, when the problems they complain about are not true.
Yes there is definitely room for improvement in some areas, but a lot of the reviews saying you run out of x or you can't do x are simply wrong and haven't discovered that part of the game properly yet, or aren't planning their cities very well.
Give the game a chance if you like city builders, it's worth every penny.
 

Ryan
87 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
These devs had a game in early access with constant updates for 4 or 5 years, and it turned out to be one of the best in it's genre - Grim Dawn. There is no reason to be scared of EA here, and the game already has good amount of content.
 

b_b
98 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
95.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
the Anno i have been waiting for since 1602
 

Manni Ludolf
72 products in account
0
115 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I bought this so one day they can make Grim Dawn 2
 

Apfelbaum40K
267 products in account
2
34 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
66.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
First time reviewer here. I am in love with this game, so far. All of my 36 hours has been spent in pacifist mode. While I restarted the map multiple times to find a new starting point with better resources, or simply because I did not like the layout of my village at that time, I eventually found myself settling and creating a tier 3 Village. This game (on pacifist mode) is the kind of game you can turn on, then go walk around the house while your villagers are building their lives with the tools you have provided them. Check on the town every few minutes or so to see if everything is in working order and people are happy. Once you get the hang of farming and the trader, life gets easier and you can start to watch your money grow and your villagers become happier. I bought this game because I have a couple weeks of vacation and this was well worth it so far. I can not wait for new tiers to be added and new buildings/equipment/resources ect to be added.. I see myself dumping hundreds of hours into this game, especially with updates. I saw a Youtube video today of a Dev advising what there plans are for the near future and beyond, and if they keep that up I see this game being on the list for one of the best city builder games on the market. I hope this review helps.
 

CAR_BOMB
13 products in account
0
77 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Already a good game. Because I know Crate will listen here are my comments:

-town center lags when selecting it.

-"building completed" or "building unlocked" notification would be very helpful.

-Toggleable icons above buildings to make it clear at a glance which building is which.

-More readily accessible radius of effect for buildings without needing to click. Maybe a toggle for delayed mouse-over building name + aoe size.

-Search function for resources... eg: search "iron" and the game highlights or takes you to iron deposits.
 

Rabid Jawa
1,017 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
67.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
20 hours in

Now I've found the general loop, and I can find one or two creative reasons for a rerun, I'm happy to say Farthest Frontier is a on track to be a great game.

Review/Dev Feedback after a 125 pop brutal difficulty:

TL;DR: Stunning graphics, solid base, Weird but fun* progression arc, lots of potential to be the best if Crate keep refining it (Trading and Combat improvements for instance).

- *Where most games in the genre keep the progression curve relatively linear and obvious (Kingdoms Reborn for instance), Farthest Frontier throws all sorts curve balls. Tier 2 market dependence being the most interesting one. For many vital parts, resources, and weapons drift by you in the market and the market alone. At first I felt frustrated by this, and a little demotivated. Pushing through that, restarting a bunch of runs, I eventually came to grips with it, and now I've come to appreciate it as a refreshing challenge. On hardest settings, surviving and stocking your surplus until that lucky moment a trader rolls through with swords, bricks, etc, brings a tension into the game that keeps it interesting. If the devs are reading this, more depth on the market mechanic would deepen that UX. The low hanging fruits are maybe: A world map with trading partners with their own trading bias? Something to think and plan around to take some of the monotony out of how random it can feel. A way to attract more traders or traders responding to my buying patterns in interesting ways.

- Entirely up your ambition with the wall system if you currently don't have plans too. Guards on walls, curved placement, additional lateral upgrade options etc. The combat is actually surprisingly fun, sometimes. I've had heroic hunters take a few raiders down as they approach through the woods, troops holding down a market alone but victorious, sad scenes of carts laying on the roadside, their driver slain.. Those few were a hint at the potential. With Manor Lords coming out, and Total War still very alive, people are obviously interested in nuanced combat systems in strategy/city sims. I've got 500+ hours on grim dawn, I know you guys have it in you to do something compelling with the combat and defence. It all feels more meaningful when the cabbages come in from harvest knowing I had to fight to be around for that to happen.

That's all I've got for now. Back to it! Tier 3 awaits.
 

Grub
196 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 2

Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
*edit* changed to recommended because of the speed at which crate is releasing updates


This game has promise but needs a considerable amount of work. I will change this review as they improve the game. I wouldn't recommended it at this time. At least until there have been some updates.

My main gripes(based on playing medium difficulty). In no particular order:

- The tavern should be a tier 3 building or the brewery should be moved to tier 2. Being able to construct a building that you cant use is very aggravating. I could accept the argument that this allows you to build the tavern and import the beer required for it to run. However what a trader has is RNG and with no way to "order" a specific resource you end up with a useless building. They addressed this

- The currency system needs an overhaul. I was almost never generating enough money once I built 2 buildings that required upkeep I was constantly negative. I had a market that I packed with houses and service buildings, this barely provided income. The cost and upkeep for soldiers is insane considering how needed they are for early raids.

- The trading UI could use some work. There is no automatic import/export. The building requires workers. So they should be able to do more then just bring resources to the trader

- There is no information on what an education actually does

- There is no scout unit. So it seems like a random villager is sent out when you create an exploration way point. More often then not this will lead to the villagers death

- There is no notification that a trader has arrived or is about the leave. Fixed

- The building placement system is clunky. If there are trees in the area you are trying to plop buildings it is almost impossible to place the building where you want. There should be a way to hide vegetation when placing buildings. Like in Stronghold where you could hit the spacebar when building to reduce everything to ground level. The building telegraph footprint also doesn't make sense most of the time. Why are so many extra cells shaded? This make lining up rows of buildings annoying

- The game does not explain how long any type of food will last. Food rot is a cool idea but its a guessing game when you don't know how perishable an item is.

- Logistics is almost non existent. There is no way to move items from one storehouse to another or control what exactly is stored where. It would be awesome if they could implement something like Rimworlds stockpile system. being able to designate what gets stored(and how much) where would be huge for optimizing. It would be cool if there was a "hauler" type job that used ox carts to move supplies between warehouses

- It really sucks that you can mine iron/gold at tier 2 but cant do anything with the ore until tier 3. There really needs to be a tier 2 blacksmith that can at least make ingots and simple tools

- I have seen many settlers have a status of "unable to work" but you have no idea what the cause is at a glance. There should be some indication at what is causing the problem, like no tools, no raw resources, etc..

 

persson708
149 products in account
1
48 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
95.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 5
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Think crisis management. Initially promising but as the levels advance it deteriorated as the game tends to overwhelm the player with never ending resource shortages created by having to recruit new villagers to staff expansion and new technologies. After 60 hours of frustration, and advancing to level 3, I gave up and went back to Medieval Dynasty where I am more in control. Given a year or two this could be an excellent game but it needs more work and a tree displaying advancement routes not to mention a stock versus demand table.
 

Merior
7 products in account
3
26 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I was on the fence about buying this game after reading the comments, but I can assure you the people who are complaining about not being able to get food or certain materials simply haven't taken the time to learn how to achieve them in Farthest Frontier. It's an amazing city builder sim, which reminds me of the glory days of the old Caesar games. A surprisingly in depth trading and farming mechanics. If you're considering buying this game, do yourself a favor and pick it up. There is a learning curve, but you won't be disappointed!
 

JohnSTX TTV
43 products in account
0
206 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
EDITED UPDATE: The devs' plans for future changes planned for this game looks like they might address many of the complaints listed below.

ORIGINAL REVIEW:

I'm a big fan of city builder and resource management games, and I saw this one was getting a bunch of positive reviews, so I tried it out. Truth is, the game is just not that fun. It's not necessarily horrible, but the ratio of positive reviews is disproportionately high for a game this blah.

Several aspects of the game are just tedious. For example:

-You'll need to be constantly telling villagers what trees to chop. Apparently they can't just continuously harvest trees on their own; you tell them which trees you want cleared. They won't chop continuously unless you have a specific tier 2 building, and even then they clear out the trees in the radius and just sit idle waiting for them to grow back.

-Any building on a moderate slope requires you to first issue a level terrain command, wait for it to finish, then remember to go back and build the actual building you wanted with a second command. Why doesn't the villager automatically do the leveling work as part of the build command? That's just common sense.

-Pretty much all the resources besides food are finite, and later on you'll have to move your villagers very far away to get the resources you need. The sensical thing to do in that case would be to build an outpost that is stocked with the things they need to not have to make the long trek back to your main development. But you can't do that, because you can't control which resources go to which storage area, and you can't limit the items by type. So eventually your satellite storage area gets completely filled with one or two resource types and doesn't have room for all the other things your satellite villagers need.

- The building you need to make heavy tools is a tier 3 building, which itself requires heavy tools to make. This means the only way to acquire your first set of heavy tools is to wait for a trader to come by that happens to be selling them. Well, what the traders have in stock is completely random, which means you might be waiting years in some cases to get that first set. Nevermind the fact that several of the tier 2 buildings (like the mill) also require heavy tools, which you can't even get during tier 2. So if you farmed a bunch of wheat, and build bakeries to make bread from flour (all of which you can do at tier 2), then that was a waste because you can't do the middle step of converting wheat to flour because the building requires a resource that isn't available until you reach tier 3.

-With the finite resource supply and the rate that you use wood greatly exceeding the rate that it grows, the only way to sustain your settlement for the long haul is via the trader, which is dumb because you're at the mercy of whatever the trader happens to have in stock and whatever prices they happen to be asking at their very infrequent visits. Plus, the whole point of the game is that you're at some remote frontier; I didn't drop all my things and bring my family halfway around the world just to have my livlihood totally dependent on some unreliable Old World loser.
 

Tiberius
93 products in account
5
525 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 49

Not Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
EDIT Aug 15, 2022

I want to add that I find this developer response condescending and rude. First, the dev appears to have purposely left out the M in my name to call me CptSchidt like some kind of immature bully. ReAlLy EdGy. Second, the dev completely dismisses everything I said by accusing me of saying I've reached the endgame in 4.1 hours—which I never said and never would.

Finite resources really are a problem, no matter how they try to spin it. I don't care if the devs have built a tier 4 city with more than a thousand people in their echo chamber studios. They say I'm the dumb one because they haven't exhausted the entire map of resources and do just fine. The problem is that the stone deposits often only have maybe a dozen or so units in any given spot (and that's a good deposit) and in order to get more, you have to go farther and farther from town. Sure, you can walk to the other side of the map and find some stone and ore and whatever else, but it takes forever and people get attacked by animals and enemies and die. They get sick. They need more food. They get tired. The computer decides to make them do any number of things besides what you want them to do or have prioritised. In any practical sense you run out of resources and fast.

The dev says they don't know what I'm talking about when I say you have to build buildings that have no immediate use. Well, the pub is a great example. You need a pub (tier 2) for entertainment and taxes for gold. But the pub needs beer or it can't serve its purpose. You can't get beer until you're tier 3. Don't even get me started on defense towers. Another great example is the healer's house. It takes forever to get one, and you need it to stop people from dying from their wounds inflicted by animals and enemies, and from disease. Once the house is built, it's useless until you can actually get a healer to work there. The healer requires a constant upkeep of gold (among other things), which you can't get until.... And all buildings seems to go on and on like this.


What I especially don't like is that the devs feel entitled to my money, especially with a response like this. I spent $40 on this the day it came out because I was hotly anticipating it. I post a negative review after 4 hours of playtime and the devs come back and call me a swearword, accuse me of saying something I didn't, and then condescend to me about being too stupid to play on normal maps currently available and, if only I stick around, they'll make it easier for idiots like me in the future by adding an "idyllic" map. Screw off.

They accept zero responsibility for anything. Nothing in the game is explained. They offer nothing in terms of how the mechanics work. No charts or graphs or consumption rates or anything. Traders show up with essential goods at random and their visits are seldom. You also have to manually watch for them because there is no indication of when they're coming or when they're trading. Literally RNG determines the fate of your city. 99% of the negative reviews I've read are fair, honest, and all say they didn't want to be negative because they like the studio's past work. This is my first experience with these people, and I have to say that based on their response to me and others, I will never purchase from them again.

---

ORIGINAL REVIEW:


I've been excitedly waiting for this game for a long time. Period city builders that are any good are far and few these days and this looked like something I could get into. Boy was I wrong.

Essential resources like stone, iron, and clay are finite. This means that you must constantly expand farther and farther from your city. There is no buildable drop-off point like in RTSs or warehouses like in Anno. The only way for you to get resources is for citizens to physically bring them to your town, and the farther away the resources are, the longer it takes. Not only does it start to take forever, but it requires more and more upkeep as your people walk farther and farther, so as resources become sparser, you waste what you do manage to find on the upkeep needed to get them. Diminishing returns (although by how much exactly is anyone's guess, because the game doesn't give you any information).

You also have no control over your citizens. You can move them around, but for what purpose eludes me. The game decides who does what and when they do it. What's worse is you can prioritize the construction of a particular building, but it doesn't matter. You might think this will solve your problems of nothing ever getting done, but it won't. Even when you prioritize a build, it can take forever for it to finish (or even get started) because the game will make your citizens go do something else (often multiple times) before they'll get around to starting or finishing it. The lack of control means the game, not you, decides whether trees or stone are harvested. If you want trees, you better hope the game agrees with you.

The building tiers make no sense and serve to needlessly waste time and complicate. Many buildings, for example, serve as prerequisites for higher tiers but serve no purpose until that tier is reached. This means you have to spend time and money and manpower on things you can't even use in order to get to a tier that will unlock further things you can't use.

It's a lot of sitting around and waiting. It feels like RNG rather than planning. The worst part for me, even if they fixed all these problems, is that each game isn't about city building, it's just a race against time determined by how many resources you find. Once they're gone, there's literally nothing you can do.

If you ever played StarCraft, you know what I mean. Once the crystal is gone, the game is done. That's fine for an RTS, but in a city builder? Come on.
 
A developer has responded to this review

CptSchmidt
92 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
69.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Basically a slightly worse Banished, which is an incredible game especially with mods, with a few improvements on the genre. Curved roads, moving the area that a gathering building can work, or even moving the building itself.

I wouldn't say the bandit raids add much depth, because militarily there's very little to speak of.

There are some odd design choices like Tier 2 buildings that require Tier 3 production, and I'm finding in my Alpine lakes game, there are absolutely no Willows across the map. The bugs are overstated, at least on my 6 year old machine running 2560 x 1600 things work well. The trader window always opens obscured, I wish it would remember where it was last dragged to. Little QoL things like this.

Overall I'm going to give it a thumbs up because I believe Crate will produced a polished product, especially if they listen to their early access feedback. I hope they add a Tier 4.
 

goodolarchie™
132 products in account
0
77 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
70.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Whilst I like the potential of this game, Its current state has many serious issues ... First let me tell you, except for the field rotation, there is nothing new or revolutionary in this game it is simply reinventing the wheel we have seen already 100 times ... season changing is nice but it has already been done before! the game does not deserve that over-the-top hype I've seen that's for sure! When I started playing it, it felt like a combination of settlers and Banished with the addition of season-changing and medieval field rotation! Everything else you have already seen before!

The Issues I have with the game are that the game is very tedious in a bad way, with lots of unnecessary micromanagement, lack of information and unclear goals, no clear overview of what's going on, and one of the worst trading implementations I have ever seen in games of this type... The developer is focusing on tedious micromanaging calling it hardcore rather than letting players have fun!

For example, when trading you are required to manually order the movement of goods YOU WANT TO SELL from the storehouse to the trading post! and you will often find that the trader is about to leave or already has left till you manage to do this because the game does not tell you that trader has arrived! ...
Another issue is you have no clue what goods traders will be buying in order to move these goods beforehand ... And if you are guessing you may needlessly move something your population may need yet trader will not want to buy!

Why not just sell the goods to the trader, and then the trader either load it from the storehouse or workers load it from the storehouse into the trader's cart like in Planetbase?

My issue with the system is that If you were desperate for the money this is a huge problem another trader may not come till another year ...

Does dev thinks this is fun??? game is meant to be fun not tedious! On a huge map so much is already going on and require your attention .... it is hard to notice half of it ....and Dev is not helping with this system...

Trading should be more like Anno where you can automatically set what you want to sell and the amount you want to sell so players can focus on other things in the game ...

Yeah I said it I hate the way trading works!

Also you never seem to know what is going on... and who is doing what!
For an instance, you will see many buildings in desperate need of repair, and even though you do have lots of planks in your village needed for this task no one seems to be doing it! and there is no way to order the building to be repaired!

Then if workers leave their working placement for whatever reason ( died) you are never told and when you notice it is way too late! in a massive village, this is very hard to spot...

If your buildings are destroyed you are not told what was destroyed ... this destroyed building could be anywhere on the map ... it is a nightmare to look for ruins, particularly on a huge map, and if you have a huge Village! Plus the game thinks a section of the destroyed wall or fence is a building ... you may spend 30 min looking for a destroyed building and discovering it was a piece of fence somewhere... the game should really allow you to jump to the location of the destroyed building ...

Worker allocation is also not clear ... When you add a worker to a new building where does this worker come from ... was he unemployed or did you just remove him from another working placement if so that would be bad?
how many unemployed citizens do you even have I could not see that anywhere!
For example, I don't seem to be able to place anyone to work in my brewery and it is not clear
why!
Is it because I don't actually have a free worker or, some other reason like education need and so on !
The game gives you lots of needless statistics when in reality all I need to know is how many work placements are unoccupied and how many unemployed workers I have so I would know whether to accept emigrants ...
yet that info is nowhere to be seen instead I am given how many elderly, children, and so on ...are in my village ... and lots of other info that I have no actual use for ...

so my issue is that the game has a serious lack of information about what's going on most of the time ///
My concern is I have no clue if this is something that will be addressed at a later stage or is meant to be like this ...

so many strange things such as:

WTF is happening to the swords no matter how many I produce or buy from traders, my soldiers always seem to lack the swords ... are they eating them for breakfast or are they one battle use ????

Herd of Dears are literally all around the hunter's cabin yet he can't find any ????

As a game developer myself, I find that this so-called hardcore aka micro-management game is one of the biggest mistakes you can make!
if you are already going to create some continuous problem that needs solving, such as fields needing watering buildings slowly degrading and being in a need of repair ...
You must give players an option to deal with it, preferably via semi-automated system where we have maybe a building with some kind of AI worker that would walk around and repair these buildings .. rather than forcing a player to manually look for every single building that needs to be repaired and make it stressful click-fest... In a massive world that already has a lot going on instead of letting players have fun you are making players become over-stressed by constantly looking for small tedious things going wrong instead.... and suddenly the game starts to feel like a full-time job rather than a fun relaxed game ...

and that is one of my major issues with this game besides the lack of information about what's going on, that it often feels like tedious boring work!

Dev should provide tools, buildings, and means for Village to look after itself and Player should only set most of these buildings once after they have been built so he can relax and enjoy the beautiful simulation of the self-dependent city and focus on other things such as expanding and planning not going back 100 times to each building we already built and dealt with! and if they want micro management it should be something you set once!

Conclusion

Anyone who is into the sandbox will be at home ... because the game does not go anywhere and has no other goals except growing defending, and micro-managing your city till you get bored or destroyed by invaders ... there is no Winning goal ... and that's why I still prefer Tropico / Anno /rimworld or even oxygen not included type games with some end goal and much better economy and interface!

I don't like Building design ... they are not different enough for a player to easily tell them apart or instantly tell what industry is ... building seems to blend and it's hard to tell what is what .... I think they need to introduce more colors and different designs to change things a little ...
I never had this issue in other games of the same genre.

I will update this review once the game has been updated, this is still an early stage and because of that I hope these things will be fixed and improved ... yeah I did complain a lot but I still would recommend this game ... As I said it is way over-hyped, and not at all revolutionary as it claimed to be just another re-invention of the wheel combining many features we have already seen before in a new spin ... but it is still a decent city builder and we can never have too many games of this genre!
 

Beri
266 products in account
7
260 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 27

Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☐ Adults
☑ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding


---{Story}---
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑8
☐ 9
☐ 10
 

snickii 🌞
549 products in account
0
55 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
144.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
How do reviews that were written by people with <5 hours of game time get the most 'helpful' votes?

Good lord review-readers are idiots...
 

mqpiffle
108 products in account
4
28 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 29
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A great game probably closest to a successor to Banished as I've seen, visually lovely with seasons, weather, children, education, disease and death and not dumbed down like most town builders lately.

Has a 3 year cycle crop system with compost that can be added and also clay or sand for the type of crop, very impressive.
I like that there are oxen wagons for transporting items around your town, which is cool maybe we will get more critters later like horses/donkeys and so on.
The game also has aggressive wildlife and bandit raids which attempt to nick your stuff every now and then so you have guard towers/walls and solders/archers.

Negatives; the desirability system for houses is over the top and also cuts heavily into creativity, reality of the time and simple logic/convenience of the people living there. modern day people aren't this picky its silly....

The trading system is basic but a good start, the traders come very randomly and with the items they carry which is fine but I feel a system for setting up standing buy and sell orders would be great so you dont have to micromanage everything every time.
I feel like the system for unlocking buildings could be smoother, kinda smothers itself, and is tedious.

More options when starting a game would alleviate many of the issues I have with the game. So people who enjoy playing a hardcore survival can and people who enjoy making a pretty village but without silly conditions can as well.

 

Wanderer
120 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A beautiful mix of Banished, Anno and a whole bunch of other builders. What differs from many builders though is that, even if many claim that placement matters, it actually does in this game which also makes it a bit harder. You can't just spam away with everything... for once we actually need to use, well at least, some of our braincapacity.

I'm only 3 hours in but this is a game I will spend a lot of time in so I will probably update the review further down the road. I must say though that apart from having some jankyness with placing of roads/paths here and there I haven't really experienced a lot of bugs so far. Graphicswise it does however seem a bit unwell optimized at this point. The lag is a bit annoying but I'm wondering if it could be because of the close autosave intervalls. Not really letting the game just flow. Must remember as well that it is indeed early access.

I should also mention that wagons sometimes goes through walls instead of following the road that goes through a gate... I dunno if the game is supposed to come with an implemented wallhack but I don't think so ;)

If you want a cute and beautiful citybuilder with some survival checks here and there and a little bit of a challenge then you should definately get this game. You can of course choose a little easier sandboxy mode if you don't want bears and boars to slaughter you ;)

I'm wasting to much gametime by writing this review... gotta get back in to harvest my crops before the reindeers eat up everything. Todeloo!
 

Z
860 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After 20 hours, I can say this game brings back life to the city builder/manager genre...I haven't had this itch scratched since Caesar IV. Right now, it's just an open sandbox city builder without a campaign, this may change when it exits early access. I think a campaign would be a good introduction to the game mechanics but anyone who has played Caesar/Pharoah/Anno series would feel right at home. I'm glad this game got made, this has been a neglected genre for a long time, although I look forward to Grim Dawn 2!
 

dragons622
316 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Good so far. I think what buildings are unlocked in what tier need to be rebalanced and reorganized. I should be able to smelt ore in the same tier I can mine it in.
 

Nyx Thanatos
322 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
114.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
10/10. Only some performance bugs when the city has over 140ppl population but the game is a gem :) Some patches should make the game much more playable. Give it a chance. Its a good game and a new patch should arrive soon.
 

nZ RaifalM3n
151 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Might just be my next addiction. Scratches that city building itch for me.

But for the love of the lord, add an announcement when the Traders arrive at the trading post.
 

BP
62 products in account
0
68 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Upfront: I am an experienced early access and colony builder user.
This game needs a lot more content if you consider its price.

It has beautiful graphics and the sound is ok. But it needs to be better balanced and the lag at the endgame needs to be removed.
The game asks you to build a lot of different buildings, but then it starts lagging even if you got a very good computer.

In the beginning it is also completely ok, that there is no stone quarry or forester, but in the endgame that will kill your game, because you'll need all your workers for other jobs and can't just put a lot of them to collect those two resources. It also is no option to just add more people to the village all the time, because you get food problems same time no matter how much you build.
It seems the developers try to keep you busy with that.

Some things just don't want to work. For example I placed my basket builder next to his needed resource, but he did not even create one basket in years. Don't ask me why. I even moved him arround, no effect.

Enemies can be avoided by building early on a fence around your village center and trading center, eventuelly even the market and placing 3-4 towers around this. So the endgame lacks something different. It will get just boring to have only some bandits coming by from time to time and some bears attacking. This can't be it.
The raiders can be annoying though because you can't develop weapons except to bows till you are far into the endgame. Which is super unfair, because on normal difficulty the raiders will break down every wall in seconds. Oh and by the way the towers with archers make you completely broke, they use up all your income of taxes.

So my personal opinion: The game is fun to play, but after a day of playing you did see and do everything ( this is not even 20 hours of gameplay, it is maybe 10 at its best). Of course you can just start all over several times to avoid own mistakes if you consider it fun.
My opinion: Don't spend this much money on this game, it is just not yet what it should be.

Trading is nice, but partly unrealistic over the top expensive. For one big tool 350 gold, really?
Except to trading you really earn few money, extremely few taxes in my opinion.

The good reviews on this game come from people that played it this short and are expecting that it gets far more developed, but the devs announced to just stay in early access for very short time, so it is not sure if they really improve the game much anymore. Then it would be a waste of money for you. So I'd wait and see.
 

Luna plays
211 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 2
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Love the game, but the lack of ways to get stone makes me want to delete worlds.
 

xXTakuraXx
321 products in account
0
101 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I see Crate Entertainment I buy.
 

#FreePalestine
167 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
My thoughts after just over 10 hours on the game:

The game is pretty much the survival elements and challenge of Banished, mixed with the great UI and polish of the Anno series. I died my first game do to not having enough wood chopped, half my people died so i restarted. Now in my 2nd game and I have survived 8 winters, have my garden going well and having a blast of a time!! WONDERFUL game!! This is the best in this genre since Banished and Anno 1800.


Positives:
- Fun gameplay
- Great UI
- Good audio
- Nice graphics
- It gets very addicting!
- Nice and challanging!
- The Farming is wonderful (almost its own mini game)
- There are so many new things to unlock that you can build as the game goes along
- Great replay value
- Controls are good
- No crashes or gamebreaking bugs in 10 hours
- Super good price to! $30 for a game this good, they could have easily charged $60

Negatives:
- The loading screen takes waaaay to long when you start up a game (even on a fast NVME)
- Trading needs some improvement/QOL stuff
- Performance needs some improvement, especially later on when you have a huge village

Amazing game so far and I am having a blast, 3 hours passed by super fast and I can't wait to get back on and play more! I am pretty surprised this isn't 1.0 and the finished game tbh, they could have easily just said this is it and it would be great. But with it being in EA for 8-12 months? With more being added? I am super pumped with where the game is now and to see how much gets added and how things improved.

I was hoping this would be good but in the current state its already better than I imagined, as a big fan of this genre, i am pretty blown away, well done to the devs! I also love how the Tilling/Farming works in this, its almost its own mini game in itself. You have to pick not only what you want to plant but you have to consider tilling and adding different types of things to the ground to improve things, its just wonderful!

The UI is also top notch to, as in the Anno games you can see what you need to build something very easily. In my 6 hours playing I have not been wondering where I have to look for something or getting lost in Menus, everything is where it should be and easy to navigate and understand. Wonderfully done on this aspect as many games don't seem to care about this much in this genre.

The art design and graphics are also so dang gorgeous, they really add to the atmosphere and immersion the game brings. Winter comes, wolves around that are chasing your villagers, leaves falling, its all just gorgeous and a sight to see!

These devs did an amazing job during there last game, Grim Dawn with updates and expansions, it was also one of the only Kickstarter games I backed and turned out wonderful. Its already good but if they can improve the loading time and add more things, this will no doubt be a 10/10 game in this genre for me. Just needs better performance and its going to be one of the best City Builder games ever.

Get this game now or wait till its out of Early Access, either way is good, but let me tell you this is an amazing game already! It is already one of my favorite games of 2022 and the game isn't even finished yet, still I would say its right behind Elden Ring as my second favorite game of this year. Banished and Anno are two of my favorite series and I wasn't sure how this game would turn out, but I am here to say so far its Fantastic!
 

Kozzy
739 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
First off, let me start by saying that if you played Banished, you will be in familiar territory. The core concepts of the game are pretty much the same, with some variation. Another thing I must say is that the game is very pretty. It also draws quite a bit of power from your GPU, which is not in itself a bad thing if you have proper cooling.

The core idea is the same : Build up your town and make sure your villagers have food, water, shelter, and other necessities such as clothing, shoes, etc.

The core mechanics of the game function well as far as I can tell and I didn't encounter any game breaking bug (couple of glitches here and there like how weirdly the roads lay sometimes.

There are a few minor things, such as how the audio does not play when you alt-tab out of the game (this can be rather annoying especially for streaming). Also the lack of a quarry for stone is problematic.

My biggest gripes with the game are some very questionable design choices pertaining to industry progression. Let me explain :

On tier 2, you unlock mines such as iron, gold, coal etc. You also unlock the mill which allows you to make flour and then bread. Ores are of no use whatsoever by themselves. You have to smelt them with the foundry. Makes sense. Classic industry chains here.

Except, the Foundry is only unlocked at Tier 3, which means, the mines unlocked at Tier 2 are completely useless until you can upgrade to Tier 3.

Worse than that, some buildings require Heavy Tools to function. This includes the mill (unlocked at tier 2) as well as the Foundry and the Blacksmith. However, Heavy Tools can only be produced by the Blacksmith (unlocked at Tier 3). This means, you need Heavy Tools in order to be able to make Heavy Tools. This makes zero sense to me.

You can trade for Heavy Tools to get yourself started on them but here's the catch : available goods at the trader appear to be random and it can take YEARS before you get a trader who sells Heavy Tools, each of which are very expensive (300~ish gold).

Giving that buildings will actually consume the Heavy Tools over time and stop working when they run out, this means you're stuck waiting until you get lucky with the trader to make those industries function.

This needs to be fixed IMO because this is backwards progression. Foundry and Blacksmith NEED to be Tier 2 buildings so you can produce what you need to make mines useful and make the mill (all tier 2 buildings) function.

Another design choice that needs fixing is the Pub. The Pub is a Tier 2 building that consumes Beer and provides entertainment. The catch? The Brewery is Tier 3, so you cannot produce Beer for the Pub on the same Tier as the Pub itself, which makes it useless. Again, you can trade for it, if you're lucky enough to get a trader who sells it.

All in all, pretty decent survival city builder, very true to the genre and it seems to run well with no major technical issue. If they can fix the nonsensical industry progression, I'll have no other complain. (Except maybe the frequency of crop disease but that I can deal with)
 

CyberJarl
160 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It is Banished with a hint of Stronghold, and better than both in every way. Excited to see where this goes as time progresses.
 

T҉̘͙͖̠̓ͦ͑̄͜͜͟͞r⸸c
325 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
150.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is game is fantastic. It's like Banished on steroids. 11/10!

NOTE: This is early access and sometimes things go wildly sideways like with the 0.7.5c update. But they fixed it within a day and I'm having a great time. Most fun I've had with a builder since Surviving Mars came out in 2018.
 

Zhorge
245 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Does it live up to the expectations of being the next Banished? Not yet.

I recommended but as any other early access games in an unfinished product.

What I like:

The art is beautiful. The model of the houses and other buildings have a consistent medieval theme.
Animations are also pretty cool. Overall looks like a beautiful game
You can build a very pretty self sustainable town at medium difficulty level on your first run if you played this type of games before. And it will look pretty awesome.
It runs well on my rather old computer (4 years) But loading time is ridiculously slow. In 40 hours of played it hanged only twice.

What can be improved?
The agents logic is not quite there. In Banished you can predict agent behavior very well and build efficient supply chains. Here it is not possible. Agents do not necessarily go to the nearest source. Labor and builders operate with no seemly logic. Hopefully this gets refined in the future.
I know this kind of game can be slow, but this one sometimes drags for a long time. Everything you do in the early game demands insane amounts of wood and there is so much you can get, so progress is very slow and boring (hopefully is fixed, at is as easy as increase the wood yield)
The combat is a good idea as an addition to a medieval city game. But there is little strategy here.
Putting fires is the most annoying thing in the game. Everybody in the town seem to stop what are they doing, drop any goods they are carrying and go to put out a fire that will take 6 peeps doing with the water source next to the house on fire. The town ends up full of buckets of water and goods dropped all over the place. Seems a small issue, but it is quite annoying at it happens very often.

I've enjoyed my 40 hours and at this price the game seems right. I will most likely play another ten to finish my town and then I will wait for a major update. I don't see the replayability yet.






 

walter_nyc
25 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 8

Recommended
45.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 30
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Update after 11 more hours played:

TLDR version: Farthest Frontier is a great city builder where you can get lost for hours on end trying to perfect a fully functional and self sustaining Medieval city. In it's current EA state there are a few issues with the game, but nothing game breaking you can't work around.

Old review:

After 33 hours of play it's my opinion that this game just isn't there yet in current state (EA).


The Bad:

- There just isn't enough trees on the map to sustain a 500+ citizen population. In both my 500+ citizen cities I near deforested the entire map because so much wood is used by the city with never enough to continue expanding. The amount of wood you receive from trees needs to be increased with a shorter re-grow time. Stone is the same, but to a lesser degree.
This still applies, however as a fix you can plant decorative trees to supplement the current tree issues.

- Farms decrease in fertility way too fast and become an annoyance to manage (adding fertiliser / switching crops). The rate at which farms decrease in fertility should be reduced, as well as fertiliser should increase fertility a lot more.
Building more farms and producing a lot more peas and clover help with this issue. You end up with a massive surplus of peas, but it works.

- Barns are similar to farms and really need an auto-slaughter feature. In later game most of the time is spent clicking the slaughter cows button or the apply fertiliser to farms button.

- Soldiers in barracks are useless. Citizens are too valuable in this game to be putting them to war, and when you're being attacked by 100+ raiders or an army it's pointless to even put them in the fight. Especially with how strong the towers are, might as well just continue building those.

- After 500+ citizens keeping food levels higher than 3 seems to get a LOT more difficult. I was fine prior to hitting 500 citizens but the moment after that it didn't matter how many more farms, fishing spots, hunters cabins, smoke houses, bakeries etc I built, food was a constant issue. This didn't happen in my most recent game where I reached 600 citizens. Possibly just a bug on the previous games?

- Lack of options for entertainment. I upgraded my theatre to max level with pubs and could not go higher than 25% entertainment. Seems you need to build a lot more theatres after your houses are upgraded. Would still like to see more entertainment options, but I'm hopefully this will come in time.

- Once you hit tier 3 / 500+ citizens it's basically the end of the game. It just feels like all you're doing is trying to get enough resources so that you can continue to expand, but you can never get enough due to your city using so much / there not being enough available on the map to harvest. It really seems like the game has a soft cap developed in and increases in difficulty after 500 citizens (perhaps to prevent your GPU from catching on fire). At 600 citizens in my most recent game and could easily continue to push.

- Performance!! The game stutters so much. I have a 1080ti which plays Elden Ring perfectly fine on max graphics but chugs on this game once 200+ citizens are in the city.


The good:

- Great graphics
- A lot of fun in the early game
- Having invaders attack your city is great and adds a lot to the game.
- It's cool that the game basically shuts down over winter. Reminds me a lot of Banished and Frost Punk.

This game is a solid foundation for what could be a great game, really hoping the devs address the above. Really keen to play again if/when the above is fixed. continue to build on it.
 

Dissident
41 products in account
17
11 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 29
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Should you play this now? (I'm torn...)

51% Probably not due to some potential for crashes***** / frustration
49% YES, if you need to play a next generation 'Banished' now
--------------------------------------------
B.L.U.F.: I love Caesar 1-4, Pharaoh, Poseidon, Cities Skylines, Planet Coaster etc as well as Banished, and this game scratches that itch... with some issues... Frequent game crashes and lack of 'reason' (no campaign quite yet) kinda deflate this game for me. Also some lack of data from the interface makes some tasks tricky or unnecessarily frustrating/complicated. Hopefully the developers keep creating content to make this game a classic for the long haul. Please read further for details!
--------------------------------------------
Gaming Rig for Context:
CPU: i9-9900k stock clocks w/ AIO loop for cooling
RAM: 64GB DDR4 @ 1066x4 NB @ 4700MHZ
Mobo: Maximus XI Formula
GPU: 3090 Ti Stock Clocks w/ liquid cooling loop
HDD: WD Black SN750 w/ heatsink
Windows 10
1x Twitch and 1x YouTube Chrome tabs are up in monitors flanking my main screen.
--------------------------------------------
Settings:
Res: 3440x1440
Everything on max with default AA (4x MSAA if I recall)
--------------------------------------------

Pros:
Graphics: Solid, detailed animations, environment very reminiscent of Pioneer Era North America (which is awesome)
Economy: Pretty detailed/in-depth balance of production times, requirements for advancement etc
Game world/engine: Terrain management, travel times, all kinds of stats are calculated and displayed so that you can be as micro-managey as you want (or don't want!)

Cons:
Frequent game crashes:
When placing new objects - especially roads - this game makes you sweat. I feel like I have to save before I build things as I feel like there's a 25% chance of a crash.

Not enough data:
Despite how detailed many of the information screens can be, some are annoyingly lacking.
For example:
Crops: management of farms is tricky to figure out without being able to see the stats of all the crop options at once to design a crop layout/rotation.
Villagers: determining which villager is most appropriate for which job based on education and travel time is more difficult than it should be and in some cases, you're forced to rely on trial and error to get villagers with certain stats to do jobs which have a prerequisite.

*****Caveats: I will try a couple of driver updates and update my review with results, but I am typically up to date on everything.
--------------------------------------------

Verdict:
Lots of potential but instead of being excited to manage my people and get some really good momentum on trade, production, and dopamine hits from executing incremental municipal design improvements - I get more worried about game crashes and frustrated with a lack of data from the interface. All issues that can be improved over time, and I'm looking forward to it!
 

WishMaster
628 products in account
2
11 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
399.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I play a game one at a time and if I like it I’m going to play it the most until a new better one comes along. So on the last couple of years I played Dawn of Man (finished product) for 3400+ hours then lately played Kingdoms Reborn (early access) for 4000+ hours and now I found this game Farthest Frontier (another early access game). I think this game is going to break my PC (laptop) because this is going to be my next thousand hours game.
I like to play a more realistic medieval game and by far Farthest Frontier has most of the features that I want.
The hunting, the foraging, the lumbering, the farming, the ranching (hope there are more animals planned than cow), the happiness, the desirability of structure placements, the road, the trading, the raids (haven’t been to invasion), the wild animals, the human accessories to survive, and many more. Tge gane is just awesome “except the optimization and animations. Idk if there are planned sea born mechanics. But this gane is really the best for me right now.
The music and arts are really fine for me.

It’s 9/10 for me because the exiting and loading takes s long time.
 

buds
49 products in account
0
173 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 20

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
How much food does a villager need per month?
How long will my food last before it spoils?
How much Firewood does every home need for the Winter?
How does Exploration work?
Which tasks will my unassigned workers prioritize?
How are stats of people and the village affected by my input?

Only god knows!
The game seems to provide close to no Info that help you set up a plan. You basically have to build every building you can in hopes that you are somehow fulfilling your villages needs. Any information the game provides you with is graphs that show you data of the game so far.
 

Germican
334 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
82.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is fantastic, even as an Early Access title. It feels polished, has gorgeous visuals, runs seamlessly, and has depth and challenge. As a veteran of city builders and strategy games it strikes an itch I feel I've been missing.

There are layers of complexity in the planning, development, and upkeep of your city. Strong systems around food and preservation strike an interesting balance - you can gather, farm, raise, hunt, and buy food to support your settlement. There are amenities and services you can gradually add to support your citizens, providing simple things like shoes, clothing, baskets, furniture, pottery, soap, or access to community services such as health, education, and entertainment.

You can even build a barracks and armory and outfit your city with defenders and take direct control of them. This last was definitely a feature I did not expect.

From an interface and design standpoint the game feels elegant. There are options and overlays that allow you to track your citizens so you can manage them directly and make decisions, and there are tabs that allow you to keep an eye on food output and spoilage that help identify barriers in preservation and consumption. Hit F3 and you can literally see what all of your people are up to and micromanage them to your hearts content.

The game also does a pretty good job of explaining the basics of a getting started without overwhelming you with information. If you make a mistake you can reload, restart, or re-roll the map. There's also a really good Crate website that explains all aspects of the game. There are definitely challenges that can cripple your city so it's fun to learn about various options to deal with logistics and upkeep. And of course building city walls and towers is just flat out awesome!

Perhaps best of all you can customize the experience you are looking for by determining the difficulty, map type, map size, and level of challenge, so don't be afraid to tailor the experience to the one you want to play. There's even a pacifist mode that shipped with Early Access.

I'm really hyped about this game. It delivers on a number of levels and provides a chill and relaxing experience. It's made by a developer with a legit reputation and I'm excited to see them committed to improving the title in the months ahead and beyond. Looking forward to diving deeper into it!
 

jmt20000
95 products in account
0
600 people found this review helpful
51 people found this review funny 115

Not Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Sadly, after nearly 20 hours in this game I'm probably first to write negative review and soon I will describe this game in form of video (in my language). Let's start with the fact that this is a game similar to Banished, but with slightly more combat and defense mechanics, plus cool idea about farming and leveling up buildings. That's good. In addition, it has a brilliant graphic design, which very quickly begins to drop to a barely playable number of frames, despite strong and modern PC.

We quickly discover that everything is mechanically and economically designed in an incredibly idiotic way. For example, we do not have a stone mine (there's no such thing in game yet), so we only need to bring the stone over time, even though our city lies under the mountains. So are the advanced tools. We cannot make them, because to be able to do them we must have a blacksmith. To have a blacksmith, we must have these tools. Dumb circle. We have to import such things. The city wears out too - buildings, tools, everything. So over time we become incredibly dependent on imports.

Eating practically does nothing. We are making huge amount of fields, hunting, gathering, we process this food in a critically great way, in a book-like, perfect manner, but so what, it rots after a year, no matter how we try. So the entire food mechanics of the game is based fulfilling the needs for a maximum of one year (12 months). It's incredibly difficult to make food chain better during 80% of the content. Children are born, but where do they live? Are they eating? When are they growing up? How long? We do not know. The game in a lot of places is made by authors for authors. Not for the players.

I also noticed that the game's calculation system works extremely weird. We put a well near the lake, but there is no water in it, it is empty for a long time. The fisherman is sad and he has a poor feelings because he has no water, living... by the water. All the inhabitants of the city rush to the fire, even those who will go to the place of the fire for a month. Someone was attacked by a bear? The townspeople give a ♥♥♥♥ about him. The guards are also not very good at helping him or reacting to attack. A merchant arrives in the village? He wants to sell us something he doesn't own. That's a great feature! :)

It is possible to play it, but really, it is a game that has not been tested at all. It is made badly, unpleasantly in every possible way, where we are fighting game mechanics, not trying to survive. We are trying to "cheat" or "avoid" game mechanics. At some point we come to a situation where our people have nothing to chop for firewood, no stone, and the merchant arrives and sells us something that he does not have. I forgot, we can't burn coal and wood in houses, we need firewood. Lol.

We lose after 20 hours, not because the bandits beat us or our decisions are bad, but because the map is running out of resources and everything collapses under its own weight. This game is a race against time, which is not the point of such games.

I wouldn't put this game in a negative review if the authors had played their own game and noticed that they had done a lot of things wrong. And so, with full premeditation, they give us a game based on a race to get as far as possible mixing it with poorly working "survival".


 

Brodaty
2,164 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
110.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Has a lot of potential. I really hope they continually update!!!!
 

BlueEyedDog
66 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Beautiful game, nice farming system, trash resource management and no actual balance. But it has potential to be genre defining or a mistake. Lets see where this game goes.
 

Ekxtasy
73 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
UI is great, but it severely lacking some of the basic resource management mechanic the other similar games have.

Until it is properly updated I do not recommend you getting this game.
 

RintFosk
737 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
395.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Having just finished my first go through to 1000 population and the whole building section unlocked i can say the game is quite entertaining. Really enjoy the farming and food production systems. Trying to figure out a efficient method of expanding the town while maintaining the other needs of your villagers is fun. The fact the developers are already responding to reported bugs and issues and working on them is a big positive. Looking forward to where they take the game in the future. Def recommend for anyone who enjoys the genre
 

Anomander74
11 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
261.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Farthest Frontier is in early access and thus subject to future changes which might change my opinion.

A tutorial is missing and since the game isn´t telegraphing the activity on screen it often leads to questions which the devs definitely aren´t busy answering. It´s a medieval city builder with you placing buildings and villagers going about their business, the first problem, villagers don´t carry anything visually, like lumber or food. This can lead to a lot of activity clicking on every single villager to try and understand things aren´t working in the village.

Example : The worker tasked with getting clay from the clay pit has too long of a walk to a warehouse, that´s what I am being told by the game, the fact is that there is a warehouse next to the clay pit and he lives nearby. So, I am trying frantically to google and seek answers, none so far.

There are no max settings for product production. This means that you need to babysit the baker, he will get all the flour made by the mill and turn into bread before you can blink. That´s pretty much guaranteed to spoil, so I had to baby sit the baker and turn off production constantly.

There are several things I can´t get to work like the market, it´s not distributing the goods I am producing. Perhaps it´s my mistake but nothing is obvious nor logical in the logistics department, I have posted a lot of questions in the forum and so far I got lucky with one problem which was solved, the rest is left to experimentation but havn´t had much luck with that.

Having played another far more detailed game which was just released in early alpha access and doing things far better with the basics in almost every aspect I can´t with good conscience recommend this at the moment. Can´t mention the game here is this is not a place for advertising.

 

Don
311 products in account
2
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I give this game a very tentative recommend, based the assumption that, this being an EA game, many of the problems will be fixed. In short, I recommend the game for it's potential and not its actuality. Don't buy if you're expecting anything other than an EA town builder. If it weren't for the fact that it is very clearly Early Access, I would NOT recommend - but EA buyers know what they're getting into.

The good -
Looks pretty
A lot of intricate systems that work well together
The farming system is pretty neat
So much potential

The Bad -
Progression - It's messed up in a big way. You'll get Tier 2 in minutes but may never get to Tier 3 at all. At least half of the things in Tier 2 require Tier 3 buildings. I've played for at least 20 hours at this point and never seen Tier 3. The current answer to this problem is to sell goods at a trader ASAP for the 1250 gold needed for the T3 upgrade once you have the stockpiled clay and meet the upgrade conditions. There is no way to organically upgrade your town center otherwise, as there is no way to generate the requisite resources until tier 3. This puts a hard RNG lock on a very early step of progression, before which most of the buildings you get are basically useless. If this isn't fixed by release there is no way I could ever recommend this game to anyone.
Resources - I've only played two map types (Alpine and Lake), but both have a problem where you quickly run out of at least one vital resource. It's not catastrophic because there are traders that come through whenever they feel like it to sell whatever they feel like. If you can get the resources into the trade house fast enough you can buy and sell what they have. Make sure you are paying attention to your trade house at all times, however, since there is no visible notification for when a trader gets there and they disappear pretty quickly. We are also in dire need of a "stop at" command for buildings that consume raw resources. You can easily turn all your wood into planks and be left with nothing.
Storage - Horrible. You need a Foundry (T3 building) to refine the resources needed to make barrels at a cooper (a T2 building) for use in the root cellar (T1 storage building) and similar. Not that it matters much since the marketplace(s) will keep all your food out of storage and rotting most of the time anyway. Storage wagons don't actually move goods around, they are just mobile mini-storehouses.
Military/Combat - There are military buildings and units that take up huge amounts of resources, but they are only defensive - meaning there is no real way to recoup your losses other than surviving a raid, wherein you have merely avoided further loss. Would love to see a way to raid other villages, or to get some sort of resources from successful raid defenses. I was really excited about this feature but it is very disappointing in it's current state.
NPCs - There are apparently lots of other people on the continent, but they are only a shallow mechanic. Every interaction is a passive one - a trader visits or you get raided or villagers join. No way to interact with NPC factions of your own volition. No raiding or trade caravaning for the player at all.
Time - This one is a bit harder to notice, and one I almost forgot. The flow of time is odd. When traders arrive you can see how long they are staying in town in weeks, which counts down. On 3x speed more than a week passes every second. This effectively means that many villagers leave their house in January and don't come back for months. Moving 100 stone from your storehouse to the trading house could easily take six months or more. Even walking across town takes months. This doesn't impact gameplay that much, but it's still jarring and feels very unpolished. It also makes me glad there is no day/night cycle or it would just be a constant strobe-light.
Difficulty - There is no real difficulty as there is no real loss condition. Or win condition, for that matter. I've survived for years on 0 food, despite 10+ T1 food production buildings, with surprisingly few people actually dying from starvation. That being said, it's not really a big deal when people die, just shift around your jobs a bit so you still have some laborers and keep on going. Raids are the only real threat, since they can kill a lot of villagers at once, but if you have some walls and a few towers you never have to worry about it. You will also never have gold again until a trader comes through and you sell him the 500 bars of soap you stockpiled in the 3 years since his last visit. Of course, he will still not have cows.
 

Durban
140 products in account
1
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
At the current stage it's a no for me. While I like the general aspects of the game (e.g., farming, graphics, music, general way of playing the game and building the settlement), there are a few issues I currently have.

First there's a lack of content and complexity. The economy is rather simple due to lack of variety in goods and buildings.

Second is the military aspect which is awful, because spamming the map with defense towers might be the only reasonable defense strategy. Walls get slashed through because bandits can pile up on one single spot leading to massive damage on one part of the wall and they basically perform the goose march through the town to a particular goal for destruction or robbery. Your "army" may be in barracks, but they need manual instructions when bandits arrive and even your 200 villagers could not fend off 40 bandits, because they only attack the one bandit you click on.

Third is a lot of micromanagement (no production limits, no prioritization, no fill / empty rules for storages, re-planting trees needs to be done manually ONE BY ONE, no quick replacement of dead people in production buildings).

Fourth issue are the traders that never carry the goods I need and I can't request the goods I need (which could be used by the traders for making huge profit off of me).
 

Yuusou Amazing
606 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Game keeps crashing and lagging me out each time i load it... it feels like they are trying to steal my first 2 hours of free play so I will not be able to refund if i don't like it....

I keep having to re-roll the maps i get cause they just suck for resource layout, and it takes forever to load and even asks me if id like to close the program when it hangs up trying to load.. I have a brand new computer now which runs faster then 95% of others according to benchmark, but this game feels liek a delayed cash grab right now....

I feel the price is worth 20$ and not what it is now. TOo many issues to warrant the cost they are charging for this dysfunctional program....
 

Dalorath
206 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I had a great time with this early access version of Farthest Frontier. I would recommend it to any settlement builder fans.

The manufacturing chains are pretty simple to me but they clearly challenged many reviewers, balance changes might be needed of course. I thought the city planning was meaningful and when it came time to defend your settlement, things got really fun.

It is early access though, and it comes with the expected need for polish + more. I built a city against a mountain, it was great until it came time to build walls. These walls do not (yet?) integrate with the unbuildable mountain-space, so raiders would arrive from those holes. At current version endgame, it feels like there's more gameplay additions and corrections to come.

Overall it was a very fun game! I look forward to playing the final version.
 

Atombath
8,514 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game if taken in the right direction maybe has potential to be a great city builder. But its mostly repetitive and fewer levels
 

Gano15
254 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Awesome survival/city builder. Its like a cross between Rimworld and Banished. Don't listen to the negative reviews. I almost did concerning depletable resources, but its not an issue. The trees regrow over time and it seems like the fish restock if you inadvertently overfish a lake. The graphics are very good. It looks a l.ot better than anno. The only negative i have is on raids and combat. As it is right now it just feels a little lacking.
 

Dr. NubSackington
131 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
EDIT: the Devs are patching the game very frequently, but every hotfix solves a bug and brings in another ten. Your save files get unusable every other day, and the game requires quite some time investment to get going.

Also the core problem persists: the game is a brutal resource sink and a micromanagement hell that masks lack of content with forced difficulty.

Do yourself a favour and wait becouse to this day the game is a mess.

_______________________________________________________

A very difficult and menu intensive city builder. Not for the faint of heart.

The problem in this EA is that balance is way off to the point that the game is not playable for more than few hours. Resources are too limited and not renewable. Stone is the biggest problem, you'll run out really quick and there's no way to abtain more. Wood is another problem, mitigated by the fact trees grow back over time so if you don't deforest the map and cut wisely you can barely manage it, but that's a lot of micro.

And these are the two most basic resources, every other resource is worst. That should be mitigated by trading, but it is an RNG mess where you have no control on what the merchant will bring, and you can wait several ingame years to get delivered what you need in a such small quantity it will last one minute.

I will change my rewiev if these problems will be adressed in future patches, for the time beeing I can't raccoment this game becouse these balance issues will cut away the fun after few hours.
 

Ygolnac
170 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Immensely playable, visually and audibly stunning, correct balance between system depth and usability.

Ten hours in, and this is shaping up to be the best town builder/settlers game I've ever played.

To caveat, I'm not the usual audience for these games. I always think I like the idea of these games, so I play the tutorial, love it, then leave it, come back to it weeks later, play the tutorial again, try and play through the next "level" or stage or phase and just get overwhelmed and give up.

Another caveat, I'm playing on Pacifist Mode or whatever it's called, after struggling with raiders on my first go.

Farthest Frontier, even in Early Access, has found a really good balance between system depth, and player usability. Planet Zoo and Cities and Banished all have fifty trillion different systems you need to tweak and fiddle with and monitor and manage, and for me it just sucks all the joy out of looking at the cool tiny models and unique building units. FF makes it fun to manage the systems they have.

I haven't quite got the handle on farming, and I've yet to start a map with any clay on it, but you can cover some of these challenges with the nice and simple trading mechanic.

If I could have any QoL feature in a future build, it would be to add global notifications when a trader arrives.

Visually, FF is an absolute treat. Just beautiful, that same Crate art aesthetic we saw in GD, but uniquely vibrant, adaptive and truly indicative of the seasons. Ten straight hours of the music, and I still love it.

A truly impressive start for what promises to be a real classic in this genre.
 

Starzky
1,014 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
163.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Overall it
's a fun game until you hit tier 3, then the game is broken. Rats everywhere, buildings breaking down all at once, raiders getting lost, villagers complaining about shoes and beer and the crop are full of bugs and fungus. No Rock quarries so you run out of stone fairly early and the workers can't keep up with all the walls you want to build.
 

Mordan
127 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
So all in all the game isn't too bad. Normally i wouldn't leave a review on an EA game, unless it was amazing, or a scam, but in this case I feel it could use it.

Starting off, it has some interesting features, like how different crops affect fields, and the way various resources are located in the map, and how to get them.

There are some things I've noticed that aren't great now, but could be later. The maps take quite a while to generate, like you'll want to have something else to do while you wait. The game gives you a decent amount of information, but then sometimes it's hard to understand what it relates to.

The stuff that is more of a deal breaker is how some tech or buildings are locked behind things they shouldn't. for instance, you gain access to an iron mine, but the smith/forge are locked behind the next tech level. this should be the opposite. It just feels like too many basic things are tied up behind other things.

The food production also seems to be a bit prone to going off. you'll go from having plenty, and then without adding more settlers your food will plummet and people will begin to starve.

I also wish they could ditch the grid for building. It'd be great if buildings has a softer edge to what space they needed, and could be rotated however you wanted, vs 90 degrees. Then you could get cities that looked more like whats on the games cover vs square grid cities that looks more like nyc.

Anyhow, not terrible, but I'll probably hold off on playing until it's a bit more finished.
 

Sattoon
470 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is extremely polished for early access. No crashes and bugs so far. I totally recommend it. It is a relaxing, complex and fun city builder. Support the developers, they deserve it.
 

B R⭕K E N
590 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Simply amazing. One of the best Early Access titles we've gotten on Steam in the last 5 years.
 

FP | Deck Daddy
165 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 4
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great game. Some bugs Still a work in progress but really fun game
 

Medicinals420
189 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 2
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Phantastic game. It combines alot of things that make this genre attractive into one thing. Great music too. The change of seasons is beautiful.
 

JaucheCharly
177 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Beautiful details.

Exactly what you expect from a city building game.
I am waiting for it to be a bit more developed before I play more, but keep up the good work!
 

PencilPanda
77 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
Product received for free

EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
[[Game received for free to aid with Playtesting]]

So I don't have a ton of time in the game, and that's unlikely to change too much. However, I can recommend the game with high confidence, because what I have played is immediately telling of two things:

The quality of the game is top-notch.
The game simply isn't for me.

Farthest Frontier is a VERY in-depth Town Builder. Everything from resource collection to trading to sanitation to logistics to defense - It's all considered by the game's mechanics, and it's all important. There's a lot of micromanagement in the game, which I suspect is where the game escapes my personal tastes, but if you're looking for a truly in-depth town builder, I can very confidently say there's nothing else quite like Farthest Frontier right now.

Also, rest assured - another (rather popular) review alleges that the game wasn't tested, and while it was not extensively tested by me myself, that claim is an outright lie. Farthest Frontier was most definitely tested fairly thoroughly, and it shows, though there remain some small kinks to iron out during Early Access. Nothing truly game-breaking, but expect some oddities in UI navigation/management here and there.
 

Ceno
461 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I bought it because I love Grim Dawn and city builders.

In short, money well spent. The game is fair on default difficulty, everything works (for me) as intended and so far I really love the pacing. The citizens are not dumb too. There is a degree of micromanagement here, but it's not annoying.

The game itself is sitting somewhere between Anno 1800 (you need to think about supply chains, trade and general planning) and early Settlers (war, exploring). There is a light taste of Banished with seasons and disasters, but nothing too hardcore to turn more lighthearted fans of the genre like me from the game. Farming is kinda intimidating, but fun. I'm not very good at managing crops right now though, but it will come to me eventually, I guess. The game explains itself very good too, a HUGE plus for an EA city-builder, honestly.

UI can be a bit daunting (and small for 4K displays even AFTER maximum scaling), but I'm sure Crate will fix everything on the go.

So yeah, bought it to support my favorite Grim Dawn team. Stayed for the excellent game.
 

shaikhulud
414 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game has its bugs (barns and cow slaughtering specifically) and its "issues" (building dependencies which require trading for resources). However, the game allows for "pacifist" mode which can help alleviate frustrations from raids while you try to build your town.

Things I'd like to see added:
1. Achievements (this is the first city builder I enjoyed and want to keep playing)
2. More Decorations, Buildings, etc. (to keep me playing)
3. Map overlay to quickly go to areas (where a villager is being attacked, for example)
a. They have toast notifications, but they require 2 clicks to jump to the spot (1 to open, 1 to jump)
4. More animal types

Overall a really enjoyable experience and I look forward to what they'll be adding in the full release
 

St@cksmsh
368 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Nop, not yet!
Still exploring the game but for now not very impressed by the game.
It Acts like a city building which I like, but doesn't explain how it works, the graphics are OK for this type of game but the gameplay I think it's a little bit too messy.
Never know what the villagers are doing, never start the building except if I set priority, a lot of buildings only work if you are very advanced in the game and the money... The money I just don't get. It floats from 20 to 0 and back to 20 without any kind of consistency which is very annoying since in the beginning you really need money for example to buy cows.
Another thing that bothers me is the part that we never know if we have food (again it passes from 0 to 20 just because). I built a hunter and then after a few minutes hunting it said that there is no more hunting possible (then let's change position again).
I bought the game but I'm not very impressed yet, for me, a game like Kingdoms Reborn for example it's much more mature and it works much more consistently with all the sets of buildings than this one but I will still keep playing and I did expect for 24 euros this game could be better.
BTW, there is no mini map? Or to explain why one month I have 25 gold expenses on services and next month I have zero? And how does the builder's system work? Only when I set priority? What were they doing before? And how to repair buildings after a fire?
 

diogo.cmboy
74 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
59.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
for now , i think ~ maybe .. no【and i recommand you to turn on the Peaceful mode】

too many things are uncomfortable :

1. food rots so fast that it only serves one year, cellar is useless , so you will never get enough food【no matter how many farms you build, how many hunters you recruit, or how many collection huts you build，its hard for you to balance your food production and consumption ，and you need to clear weeds and match crops to increase production，but it will take you a very long time , and your food will rot quickly , so is it really worth it ? 】

2. some construction demands are repeating a meaningless circle

3. the distribution of resources on the map is not proportional to the consumption【resources are almost one-time , you cant plant the trees , only cut , the mineral content is very low and will be consumed quickly , you must keep exploring the map and collecting those resources to balance your supplies until there are no supplies to collect on the whole map】

4. the requirements for residential upgrading are too harsh【its not just resource requirements，there is a thing called ：attraction，but if you want improve attraction ，you have to build those parks ，but build those parks you will need very expensive gold ，i dont understand this】

5. the working hours of residents are short and the working efficiency is extremely low , but the consumption of demand is too serious , 【like firewoods】

6. if the terrain has a slope, you will not be allowed to build any buildings. You must repeatedly leveling the terrain, this is waste of time

7. the logic of AI is not very good

8. you need to expend a lot of resources to fight bandits more effectively , but the resource production efficiency is very low , its a little not worth it

9. the setting of the well is very bad. Even if I put it by the lake, it will still dry up

10. even if the crop yield is extremely low, your crop still often suffers unexpected losses

11. performance was very terrible , there is fps drop everywhere

12. the transportation design is very unclear, especially the transportation of raw materials

13. some of those buildings in construction phase 2 is strange , you cant construction the whole production line , like barrack , barrack needs swords to gear up your soldiers , but swords will need iron to production , but you wont have iron in construction phase 2 , many settings are inexplicable

14. Herbs only grow near the water

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

for now i have to say , this game is a hard game , players will be tortured for a long time and fight against strange game mechanisms. This is not a game that can be dealt with at leisure. Your spirit will be very tired because food problems will torture you for a long time
 

Erica Estrelina Hill
489 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Ok sadly this needs a lot of work to be good.

Tier system is being super silly, buildings you'd expect to have open at tier2 are being locked in tier3. You end up with a lot of resources that are completely useless to everything other than trading. Also the moment you press that upgrade to tier2, your town becomes a battlefield - constant attacks by raiders with no real way of defending yourself (you cant craft swords until tier3 :)) and even when you do drive back the attackers your villagers get injured and they still manage to take a lot of your resources with them. Raiding needs to be tied to something else than just upgrading your main building.

Trading is just annoying at best. Traders come and go without any notification theres new one in town. They never have anything useful to sell, just random crap you most likely already produce yourself. Only useful piece of resource I saw was heavy tools (tier3), that I - surprise surprise - needed to build my tier2 windmill. Didnt see a single animal to buy for my barn.

Hunters seem completely useless, unless you happen to spawn near wolf den and if you do you will lose a hunter per year just to farm those wolves. After wiping out the spawns near you, they will rarely catch anything and you have to change their hunting grounds every year to something else. Not that they'd still catch anything.

Theres no way to check how much food, firewood, etc your village consumes and thus its very hard to gauge if you can start expanding or not.

Cant manage how much you tax your villagers, I just ended up hemorraging money nonstop and only way to get more was with selling my insane surplus or wood and resources I couldnt use.

Desirability was very annoying mechanic, mainly because the best way to increase it seems to be by spamming plazas and gardens near the houses. This only causes you to basically design your city for lategame desirability from the start.

Also for the love of god, please add hotkeys and ability to delete more than 1 piece of fence at a time. Some sort of ledger or list of buildings where you can toggle through them would be nice. I dont remember where I placed that hunters cabin 10 years ago.

Hopefully it will be good in months to come, but for now I will be shelving it. Just play Banished with some mods.
 

justgkli
3,143 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Updated, I have succumbed to trying again after the news of the large update. some bits have improved, but ultimately the main issues in the original review remain. needing tier 3 buildings to build tier 2 buildings makes little sense now I am a little further in. Overall improving, but lots to go.


------------

I had been hugely looking forward to playing this game, after a long wait the day is finally here. Sadly it is a complete let down. The gameplay is just a hodgepodge of other games - notably going medieval, banished, foundation and kingdoms reborn. (all of which offer more than this at present and much better value).
The menu system, building evolution chain and controls are all weird and don’t feel well thought out. There is no tutorial. The game is laggy when scrolling, loading, or really doing anything. The villagers are dum dums, they ignore mostly everything.
It sure looks pretty, and soundtrack is ok, but is there anything new here? No – ill probably revisit it in a year or so, but very disappointing.
 

Tim081
71 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
178.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
So much I love about this game so far. If you are into city builders this is a must buy.

Positives
-----------
1) Challenging
2) 3 Tiers of city building that will easily take you 10+ hours. For an early access it has tons of content and is expected to have 5 tiers which is crazy. That is ALOT of content.
3) Different map choices. Have played around with this and the random button and really found some crazy hard challenges in surviving.
4) Difficultly setting can be set to your liking. As of right now I have been doing medium and found it very challenging. I can see playing this over and over on the harder difficulties.

Con
--------------
Stability issues may be a problem in later games. They did a patch before release that really improved this but 20 or 40 hours into a city might still be a problem. Right now I have gotten into 100+ people cities and had no problems. As it is an early access game you expect bumps in the road. So far that developer has done a great job on listening and fixing this problem.

UPDATE: 44 hours in and loving the game. There's is some stuttering issue but I think they will be able to fix it. Ive had a few games 300+ peeps and it runs smooth. Only problem is the forum boards are filled with children wanting the game to be dumb down and made easier. Will be sad if they get their way.
 

FlyingAllNight
299 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Fun game BUT, as the title says when you start playing it is under development. There is a lot of bugs right now and the game does have a significant playability, once you get your city a little bit advanced you will have significant issues that will make you have to restart. I have played a couple games so far and as I start getting ahead, I have to restart because I run into bugs that you can't get past. For example, once you get a large population of about 200 plus, you must have your food intake pretty significant. Which means you are going to need to slaughter cows because fields and hunters can only provide so much. I keep getting cows that get stuck in their field, they can't move and when you click on them it will say it is a rock, or tree or wolf, always random. Once that cow is "stuck", you cant feed, move, slaughter, or milk any of the other cows. So, I had a great food system set up where I would birth 3-4 cows per year and slaughter the same. It would provide enough food supplemented by farming, hunting, fishing, and foraging to always have a good surplus. Well when the cows get stuck, it shuts down everything and food is always out and I am so far into the game, it basically ends it as all the citizens and city resources now fail. Every single game is like this, I end up having to quit just when I get set up nicely. The game has great potential I just think they released it too early and without paying attention to reviews and feedback.
 

Drunken Dwarf
20 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Banished meets Anno with a dash of City Skylines, and a good atmosphere, so far i like
 

Vertan
586 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
95.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game has a great concept and a great style, I like the fact that the game studio listens and improves their game but this is honestly still a long ways to go for it to be on par with some other games. However I do believe it will get there and when it does you will be sad if you didn't pick it up now before its 59.99
 

StopNLean
165 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game isn't bad, it has a lot of potential but there is a long way to go. It could really benefit from a focus on tooltips and some tutorial content that describes the UI. I'm not going to do a pro/con bit here but point out specific areas that need addressing in my year 60 playthrough.

Resource pooling: The game doesn't highlight how resource storage works and I think this is a big contributing factor to bad reviews. If your resources are on the opposite side of town from where you're building, things are painfully slow. There aren't any tooltips on what items do and all of this is compounded by the fact that you have no way to re-allocate resources. Instead, you're forced to destroy storage facilities once you have them configured to force resources to be moved. Or use the trader to re-allocate them, which is even slower.

Food Storage: The AI is really terrible at spreading food diversity too, leading me to believe you specifically have to build your residential area in a square with all markets and storehouses centralized to all of them.

Idea: Since the starting wagon is a throwaway, it should become a focused resource hauler instead.

Item Tooltips: What do tools do? What do heavy tools do? How much do baskets improve resource transportation? All of these questions could be answered with a simple tooltip, which, if designed correctly, should be a simple variable on the item. This is very low hanging fruit that pays dividends.

Resource Respawning: This just needs some balancing. I'm not sure what the respawn on resources is but it is absurdly slow, decades ingame if at all. Reforestation doesn't appear to really work, it took a year to plant 50 trees with plenty of free laborers and watching it over at least 5-6 years the yield per-tree never increased from the base 2, this should be something like +1/year. It's also painful to plant 50+ trees one by one and should be converted into something like the field layout so you can at least replant it quickly, even if it has a low yield. That way there is still a benefit from expanding territory but a less efficient interim to completely relocating harvesting without total production loss.

Raids: In my playthrough it was fine though I'd argue it has very little impact on the game unless they manage to kill cows. Stone walls with double manned towers every 20 grids seemed to be plenty to result in fending off 50+ bandits.

Overall, there is too much clunk in the micro management. That and a lack of controllable exploration leaves the gameplay loop as more managing quirks than planning, optimizing and managing disaster. I think with UI improvements and addressing resources it would be a much smoother experience.
 

Syn
41 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If Banished had a big budget & huge team...

There is nothing new or innovative here - but many small QoL feature eliminate tedious and frustrating experiences while still keeping the game challenging and difficult

YouTube™ Video: Farthest Frontier Review: city / colony builder like Banished & Surviving The Aftermath 
Views: 433
If you enjoy city building and colony building survival games like BANISHED COLONIAL CHARTER, SURVIVING THE AFTERMATH, ENDZONE A WORLD APART, then you need to check out Farthest Frontier by Crate...


TLDR in case you don't want to watch the video:

1. There is nothing new when it comes to city / colony survival games; balance resource extraction and population growth in order to win the game

2. Disasters, challenges, and building variety are definitely a strong suit of the game

3. Where the game does well is in its small but many QOL features that reduce the tedium and frustration that plagued classic games of the colony survival genre: automatically schedule your crops to rotate through different types of vegetables, plan logistical routes and build temporary shelters for your front line workers to reduce travelling time, and a variety of detailed overlays that allow you to spot resources and micromanage your workforce.

4. Sadly, the game seems to suffer from some serious optimization issues. Maps can take upwards of several minutes to load, and as your town grows larger, stutter and latency becomes a common issue (FYI I'm playing on an i7 / GTX 2070ti)

As such, I'd recommend players to keep an eye on this game; but perhaps wait for it to be fully optimized, before purchasing!

 

Uncanny Games
153 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
75.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Lots of thing to improve.

First of all, optimization with more inhabitants is tragic and the game works very slowly. Unable to adjust resource icons in the interface menu. The food system is strange because we do not know what and how much the inhabitants eat, and it is not possible to check how long we have enough food from individual production buildings. Another thing. The lack of information about the production time, which means that we have to blindly check whether I need more apiaries for the production of candles. In general, the lack of statistics or menu balance means that we play mega blindly and put more buildings only when the residents start to be dissatisfied or start dying. Another thing are bandit attacks, which are too early and do not give the opportunity to prepare a meaningful defense. And finally, a survival game, which in the later stages is really limited to trade, because there is a shortage of raw materials on the map, because, by some strange coincidence, the inhabitants can pour gold bars and they cannot overdo hazel or fields with herbs. And finally, the artificial intelligence of our inhabitants, which cannot be explained that we need wood for winter more than to collect buckets of water after a fire which the whole village rushed to.

Overall, the game has potential, but there are still a few things to do.

//After another 50 hours

Most of the stuff above is simply due to not having enough hours of play. Currently, the game looks very well on its way to becoming one of the Games of the Year. Several things related to the interface could change, especially the size of the resource icons themselves, but you can adjust to it. Most of the bugs and bugs are fixed on an ongoing basis, and another plus for the producers.
 

SubNatural
60 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Early Access Review!

Pros:
Pleasing Graphics.
innovating approach for harvesting.
Cons:
♥♥♥♥ AI ! i mean ♥♥♥♥, dose not understand MARKET is main priority and can't even prioritize it (having 1k in food in the Storage but not in Market (don't know how to f move it even), village is starving F NICE!!!)
Map advance is ♥♥♥♥, *no real difference between hardcore or easy (all is overall Random luck).
stupid AI, and i do mean stupid when it comes to resource management overall.
Prioritization is not working most of the time
Tiers are mixed and strange (pub tier 2 but beer (Needed for the pub) tier 3)
No gold input explanation until Building Vault
Traveling system broken
Storage management is non existing overall.
Resource issues when out of tools (Build tools tier 3! <-- stupid till you get to that) and no explanation to why the villagers don't build ♥♥♥♥ (no tools), no info even to they need it in order to build
Flatting ground is half baked broken
Resource Stone is a huge issue (no stone quarry or something), they are out fast and reaching them is hard as you grow.

Raids! OMG so broken, it is easier to build walls and not army as they cost TONS of upkeep
Walls work strange Gates do not get closed...
Upkeep is Killing the Raid system and defense is broken overall.

Overall:
Not worth your money until they fix the balance! and the AI,
wait till finished.


 

ComradeRant
962 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I love it so far. It reminds me of Anno meets Banished; it's not as overwhelming as Anno, and it's more immersive than Banished. Since it's early access I expect some bugs, and so far I've only noticed one (although I'm not sure if it's just me). My crops keep rotting on the field, and there's no way to assign more villagers to help harvest. The wagon doesn't seem to be picking them up either. Other than that, solid game for early access.
 

Pepper
87 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It was either buy this or buy pizza. I should have bought the pizza.
 

Stabby
31 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Rock solid, didn't notice any issues. Game Looks good and got plenty of content for just being introduced to early access. 10/10 Music good, Graphics good. ♥♥♥♥ wolves.
 

Robbaz
922 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
42.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Farthest Frontier is an excellent game to sink your time in to relax and build your village/town with your flavor of settings/difficulty albeit with some issues that hopefully won't give much of a sour taste.

The game runs as what you'd expect from a colony/city builder, with simple controls and an almost identical camera across different games that will feel at home if you're familiar with the genre. One neat thing about the game is that it has its own crop rotation for farming which is cool to see and play with it. Along with the soundtrack that's already giving you the medieval vibe and feel it's just really hard to "not" play it if you're itching for the genre's itch set in a medieval setting.

Coupled with nice-looking graphics and detail it can easily catch your attention for a good amount of time as you play through it but it could use more vibrance and more colors IMO. The UI works but it could use some more improvements, like a toggleable list of resources for an easy view of what other resources you aren't able to see (iron, coal and etc.,), building windows not overlapping with the build menu, a tech tree you can view in-game with resources it can produce and what other buildings and resource it needs, etc., a guided-sort of mini-tutorial for some actions and specialized buildings and a lot more things that could be added in general for better UI and UI elements.

Knowing that the game is in early access and regarding their reason for doing so, It does show that the game itself still has issues to iron out and other game elements to add and improve. I myself have run into logistics issues or bugs where the village/town itself has enough resources in the storage yet the villagers themselves were complaining of being unable to use/get them (Either it's food, wood or luxury items, etc.,) and it has happened from a small village of 50 people to even a bustling town of around 300 people which is already difficult to manage by itself. Hopefully, such an issue can be resolved in the future along with other issues I've encountered that either were small bugs or issues I've forgotten or just disregarded as some small caveats.

Overall it's still a game I'd recommend getting the game if you're familiar with the genre and want to scratch that itch for the setting and the genre. Another bonus is that the developers of the game themselves love getting feedback and we can expect as customers to get future patches and content in the future!
 

Niveum
276 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is essentially a very pretty version of 0AD mixed with a bit of Anno 1404 minus ships but plus bandits.

Beautiful to look at but it didn't sell me. There really isn't much depth to the city building or management aspects and the combat/military elements are just as shallow. Playing on an easy relaxed setting I didn't find the city building to be pleasurable and playing on a harder setting just made things take longer and more of a grind.

As of now at least the game has less content for its single faction than one of the sides in something like Age of Empires. The real problem is that this content is designed to be unlocked over a much greater period of time than an average AOE game. So less content, drawn out farrrrr longer. Admittedly there are more resource and cosmetic buildings to construct but they honestly only add so much. Oh, I have to build 2 types of resource buildings instead of 1, exciting! Oooh, I can build a 2x2 cosmetic plaza tile instead of having to place 4 1x1 tiles, amazing!

Now with that said the highlight of this game is definitely the looks. Season transitions are mostly seamless, weather affects are nice, and the way hedgerows pop up around established fields is a nice touch. Problem is, for as much as I enjoyed all the little environmental details none of this beauty really translated into an exciting or customize-able city building experience.

It is a nice game and if you don't already own 10 like it, maybe pick it up and give this one a spin. If you are the type of person that plays every survival city builder out there, add it to your wish list.
Everyone else can safely pass.
 

◇
129 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game has so much to offer - just hours of atmospheric, ADHD fulled engagement.

However, the devs have a lot of work to do to get it up to par.
- Villager resource gathering: The mechanisms to prioritise it are shaky at best. I like the Empire Earth style overview managment screen, but the resolution doesn't match the window size (most popups have this issue)
- The villagers respond to a fire breaking out, but won't store the water they gather to put it out once it is no longer needed, they will eave it in the middle of the road.
- There is no way to efficiently manage villagers as labourers vs builders. You can only move a critical mass/quota.
- The only way to manage commute time is to manually evict/assign housing and never lay off villagers
- a few already mentioned visual glitches.

the game has great bones, but it really needs an in-depth, easy to use, villager management system first.
 

Roshyy
184 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
As a huge fan of Grim Dawn and city builders, I was excited to try out a city builder by Crate. Unfortunately, at the present time, the game just isn't very fun. I suspect Crate will improve this over time and I'll check it out in the future, but the game feels quite broken currently. Resource management, especially food, is frustrating. Naturally occurring food is very scarce and gets used up quickly. I thought the berry bushes and things would replenish each spring - seems like they don't. I sent my hunter to hunt boars in an area with boars - he never successfully hunted anything. All of this led to a situation where I desperately needed food and had literally no way to get it. I built a farm, but you'll be waiting a year + at least one more season before you get anything from those. That's just food - the other resources and upgrades are equally annoying to manage.

The mechanics just all feel inferior to other similar indie titles like Foundation. I trust Crate, and I believe the end result will be a fun, unique city builder. Right now, though... Pass.
 

Leet Hobbit
229 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I am LOVING this crossover between Zeus: Master of Olympus and Banished. I have adored Banished for the longest time and I am so happy to see this game.

Some things I would like to see:
- Map overlays to see Desirability, Water access, resources travel paths etc
- More building types for access to resources
- Variety of looks for decorations or buildings (Banished had these done as mods)

So much potential - stick with it!
 

GustShrugs
328 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I've played a bit of this game, and normally I don't review games like this before I've played them quite a lot simply because they often shine in their replayability, but I feel like I have too many issues already to not write a review.

At first glance this game is pretty cool honestly. Lots of data, lots of details, the growing system is cool for agriculture.

But holy hell does it get annoying quickly. You get notifications for EVERYTHING. I know you can turn them off in settings, but that can cause issues later on if you get hit by something bad. I don't need to know every single time a villager gets a sniffle, but I sure do need to know if 50 of them get the plague.

The food system seems advanced, but nothing at all is elaborated on, and you just kind of have to stumble around trying to figure it out. Your food stats are shown in units and the amounts of months that food can sustain you for. What does that mean? I have no idea, because I don't know if 5 months is a lot or nothing at all.

My villagers won't repair my buildings as they decay. This wouldn't be too terrible if I could just remove the buildings and rebuild them, but the game hard locks that option out, and you can't tell your people to focus on repairing them either. Why is there not a repair workshop? ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU GET ATTACKED AND NEED TO DEFEND AND REBUILD?!

Talking about getting attacked, I played at the medium difficulty, and while the raids were spaced apart and not too bad, I basically couldn't effectively defend myself against them, because I never seemed to have any real income of money. I had to manually trade (in a frankly hellish menu that made next to no sense), and every time I had time to the traders were already packing up and leaving.

This was all coupled on top of 20-30fps and spikes that froze my game completely after I reached 200+ villagers. And I run a VERY powerful pc, so it's definitely the game struggling.

So, listen. I don't dislike this game, but at this point it's not even half baked, it's still in the bowl proving. It severely lacks in tutorial assistance for new players, and the AI needs to be fixed or changed. I get that it's early access, and I can accept some issues, but the village literally collapsing in on itself due to the AI is just unacceptable.
 

[EASY] Admiral_Junno
560 products in account
9
13 people found this review helpful 3

Not Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I cannot recommend this product right now.

First you get thrown into some randomly generated maps, all good if they all had AT LEAST all a tiny bit of every resource.
Thats not the case.
My first mapseed at release was perfect i had a ton of fun but i wanted to change my town and start new from the beginning and do it right. The addiction was real.
After starting new the first big OOF was that i legit had 0 Iron ore, 0 Gold ore, 0 Coal in the area
Iron ore is most important since you need it to make barrels, Weapons and Tools.
Yes you can trade it through the trader IF HE HAD THE ITEMS WITH HIM & YOU HAD ENOUGH GOLD TO BUY ENOUGH OF HIM & YOU DIDNT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MISS HIM ********

So i just started a new mapseed again and looked for iron ore in the starting area KEEP IN MIND I USE THE RANDOM FUNCTION ON MAPSEED
No iron ore no iron ore iron ore no iron ore iron ore no iron ore iron ore no iron ore 2 hours later i went to bed SINCE CREATING A MAPSEED TAKES AGES
So today on the date of this review.
I finally got a really nice mapseed WITH IRON ORE !!!! but no lakes ...................
BUT you dont really need lakes since you can just HUNT AND GROW FOOD ON THE FIELDS RIGHT? RIGHT?!
NO
They managed to bug it somehow with the last patch.
Now it just says FAILED TO BEGIN PLANTING
WDYM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GO ON THE FIELDS YOU LAZY FCS
I guess its better to just starve.
Apparently there is a workaround fix (No not really)

Doesnt matter i found another gamebreaking bug.
MY MAPSEED HAS NO WILLOWWWW - you need willow for basket so the villagers are more efficient carrying.
Only 1 spot and THE SPOT IS A LEGIT DEATHTRAP
Atleast 20 people died on that 1 spot on the map because they get stuck and starve to death. AND NOW THE RATS ARE ABUSING THEIR BODIES AND ARE LAGGING MY PC

Yea rant over

I dont know but for me it feels like nobody was testing this.
Actually a really cool and nice game so definitely will change to a RECOMMENDED when patched.
 

Clywd
185 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
145.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The developers have done a great job and created a wonderful city builder/survival game. The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay interesting and challenging, a game that I look forward to playing for a long time to come !
 

sarahkbeets
8 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Looks really nice, plays well, but runs like ♥♥♥♥. After a few hundred villagers the game turns into a slide show.
 

Clonefarmer
84 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Its pretty boring. The mechanics are ok, there is really nothing to looking forward to as you advance. its like a poor mans version of Age of Empires....
 

kevindf1299
51 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great when i dont want to get mad at other games!
 

Oh-Rangutan
95 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
186.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
游戏做的还可以吧.非常耐玩. 就是有些游戏里面的说明最好做个教程说明下 比如
1.自动设置屠宰牲口 我是研究了小半小时才明白........
2.还有贸易商店进出口货物 进口我是会了.怎么给自己留库存 自动售卖等等这些都得靠小白研究.我玩了快20小时了还是朦朦胧胧自己手点吧
3. 还有居民嗝屁了 就不能自动有人顶上工作嘛 前期还好建筑不多 后期了 找都找死了.醉了.
4.能不能适配下 4K显示器的UI 用默认这个字小的我都成眯眯眼了 开了最大老是遮挡游戏其他说明 这太反人类操作啦.
5.石头极度缺乏极度极度缺乏........资源配比不合理 随机随到西伯利亚取了都~~
6.好好优化下吧 前期还好 到后期200多人口了我这5800X3D 火神3080TI 帧率也就30多到60 快PPT了 .显示器LG95R 4K144的
最后还是给个好评哈 官方早点优化这些问题吧 谢谢哈
 

❤周洋❤
102 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 29
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I had just lamented the lack of a modern survival type medieval city builder with deep mechanics about a week before this came in EA. I am NOT DISAPPOINTED. Apart from some minor glitches and some performance issues that don't really bother me all that much, this is a game I'm happily going to spend hours and hours in. Especially love the challenge in farming, crop rotations and all. FF strikes a great balance between a sprawling city builder and production chain management.
 

LordPimberley
41 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game shows real promise, but there are several game-ending bugs that ruined hour-long sessions.

There are interesting resource and agricultural supply chains, as well as raider and wild animal attacks that make the game interesting. However, you are unable to control your citizens outside of some basic commands, and even those are limited to their professions.

It makes the basic peasant control for games like Age of Empires seem decadent. If you right click a peasant on a tree in those games, the unit goes to the tree and starts hacking at it. If there is a cord of wood on the ground, the unit will go over to it and unload it to a town center or storage area.

You have no such control in this game. You must assign trees to be chopped by a context menu on the tree, and if your peasants chop the tree down and drop the wood on the ground, you have no way to make them pick it up.


If you assign them some other task where wood is required and you have free labor available, they might go get cords of wood off the ground, but there's no way to tell. I was three hours into by first game when my woodcutter ran out of wood to make firewood, even though there were stacks of wood four tiles away. Everyone froze to death because they dropped the wood after chopping it and never returned.

I had a similar issue happen farther along when I cleared land for agriculture. Although the game has an interesting crop-rotation mini-game where you have to have farmers weed the ground and remove rocks, the second year into a three-year crop rotation my farmers never went to the fields in spring. They walked around town with a description "unable to work" and no other explanation. Removing and rebuilding the fields solved the issue for two years and then it happened again. After a food shortage I quit the game when the auto-save failed.

The last straw for me was when I broke down some expensive buildings to get half of their resources back so I could conduct trades at the trading post using the worst buy/sell interface I have ever seen in any game. The buildings were deconstructed into wood, stone and stacks of gold bars, and then those resources sat on the ground until a farmers strike starved my city to death 10 years later.

I am all for automation in city builder games, but players still need a way to directly queue worker tasks.

The fit and finish of the game seems good, but there are too many game-breaking issues to enjoy it much right now.

I realize that it is in "early access," but given the state of other early access games, I'm not sure what that means anymore. Hopefully the developers will sort out these issues, as the vision of where they want the game to go seems quite clear.
 

Rooftrellen
280 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Honestly, I wish I'd be able to recommend this game, but i can not. The grahpics are fantastic (and probably burn your GPU). The music is nice (although gets boring after a while). And the game overall seems good.

But there are some fundamental design flaws:
- You are not able to move ressources from one storage to another one (at least I wasn't able to move ressources out of the cart into the store house)
- You are not able to set a max ressourcelimit in your storage
- The above mentioned lead to food spoilage, because if you forget to untick every ressource from the storage cart, your villagers will leave the ressources to rot there instead of bringing them into the root cellar, where food won't spoil so fast, also they won't move the food from the storage cart into your food cellar, even if you untick the ressource icons in the storage cart
- The market takes out all your food from the root cellar and leaves it to rot, because you can't limit the input and adjust it manually (heck even in games like Pharao, Caesar and Zeus which are over 20 years old btw, were you able to limit storage)
- You are not able to set a production limit on production ressources. Your firewood producer will hack your wood away until the world ends, even if you don't need that much, you'll have to manually disable him and enable him after you need firewood again (at least if you don't forget to do this - else your people will just die in winter)
- Enemy AI and events seem kinda random, even at the easiest difficulty my entire village just got annihalted by a pack of wolves during the FIRST (!!!) winter, even tho the next wolves den was miles away
- Performance wise the game is running okeyish on my PC, although the loading screen sometimes gets stuck and crashes the game

Well I still don't want to refund this game, because not once I was able to get into late game. But imo the ressource managment is a big design flaw and it doesn't seem like the devs actually care that much about that.

Edit 1: I've seen the last post on the devs about many of the problems listed above. As soon as they fix those, i'll give this a thumbs up and buy it again.
 

Valar Morghulis
379 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
68.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Would I recommend? Eh... maybe... ? Look, I play almost all city building games. I buy almost all of my games in early access. Some are super ready to roll out. Some are not. The ones that are not are usually pretty clear on "this is early access, please don't judge us yet". My husband bought me this game and paid 30..00 US for it. I think that is too much for the games current state. If you bought it for 19.99 in the current condition, then it might be worth playing a while and holding onto it waiting for the updates to roll through. Usually, this is what I find happens in these early access games. You buy it, there are some bugs, you play a while, you wait for the updates and you carry on.

With that being said! There are some positives that should be pointed out and some negatives that could be game breaking if the Devs don't listen to the players! I have read ALL the negative reviews and you should too! They are right. There is a theme to them and they are not wrong! The Devs REALLY need to pay attention to those reviews and comments. Otherwise, they will be refunding a lot of money and have a lot of upset people.

I have played for almost 10 hours and this is the 20-ish city building game I own. I own games that are grim all the way up to planet zoo. I am going to give you my take on this game.

Firstly, I will say that there does not seem to be anything "new" in this game. There is a gathering system, a cycle of resource management, a circle of production, some fighting which you can turn off and a very scarce beautification option.
So, if you are looking for something that is "new"' there isn't. That is not a bad thing if you want just a resource management style city builder. Just don't think that this is something magical-at least it isn't' yet.

You will need a VERY good system to play this game. I am not a tech person, so I am not sure what all the numbers are. But I have a gaming laptop that I play a LOT of games on and this game takes up a lot of FFP's. It also takes just under a lifetime to load up a game! I am talking at least 2-3 min and I am playing with no fighting.

You will probably be frustrated in the first 20 min of this game with the balance issues of which there are plenty! I will start with the basics. You need rock... lots and lots of rocks! There is no quarry in the game that you can build. So you have to send your people out to gather rocks from the map. You need logs... tons and tons of logs. You need them to build things, you need them to make firewood, you need them in the saw-pit (not mill) to make planks. There are trees! You need nuts and fruits to not get scurvy. There are nuts, medicinal plants and even berry bushes. Check! You also need food. There are deer and there are fish. Okay. So, on the map there are lots of icons for these things. You will NEVER be balanced! I am playing on passive mode. Let's start with that little fact. This is the type of mode I like to start on when I start these new games to get a feel for the balance. I can only imagine the issues people who are playing on the harder modes are having! I currently have 112 people. I have 5 hunting cabins, 5 fishing huts, an arbor who can't work and all those people who in theory should be able to go find some damned food. I also have 7 farms, 2 bee hives and 2 "barns" which in THEORY should be giving me food via cattle. Here are the issues! The time moves WAY WAY too fast! You fly through the year in about 1 min on the normal speed. This gives you no time at all to actually manage your village. The seasons are cool with leaves flying and snow falling, but holy crap my guys, slow down the slider! Let people actually have a season! So with that, the fields are almost useless. They take forever to make food and even if you put them in the root cellar. The food will rot WHILE the people are complaining about no food! The hunters must sit around and play cards all day because I hardly ever have enough meat and the fishermen have only what fish are available at the shore despite half the map having water. So they should be able to build a boat and have nets and up the amount of fish they gather. Further, each of them can only have 1 person working. It takes a lot of resources to build one but you only get one guy working. I understand food rot. But not if they are stored in the root cellar and grain building. That is quite literally the point in having one! Plus, there is NO tutorial that is going to explain that having a root cellar is going to do you no good at first because you can't make barrels! I never have enough food, enough wood or enough rock. How do you get these things? VERY GOOD FREAKING QUESTION! You seem to need to click on a button to "gather" which one would think would send off your tiny people to go... gather. Yet despite having over 100 people, they don't seem to actually want to work! They want the tree fairy to just deliver the wood. You can build a work camp to gather the wood and rock automatically, but when they run out of rock, they seem to stop working.... even though they are in the middle of the forest. I have been waiting for my people to "clear" out a section of the map for 4 years! It's not even really started... like when I ask my teenager to clean their room! You have to send out people to explore the map. I have an arbor building who's only job seems to be to tell me they can't find any fruit bearing treas. Well, I can't either, so we are good there! There is lite NOTHING on the map that says I am a peach tree! So I move the icon around trying to find fruit trees but the seasons go by so fast I don't think they could walk there and back with one basket of fruit! They don't tell you I have found silver or ore or whatever. I have went through over half my map and found 6 iron mines and 4 clay mines, 2 sandpits. Not one gold mine or 1 coal mine. I never have enough money despite giving my peasants everything they want. Except beer. Why no beer? Because you unlock the pub in tier 2, but the brewery in tier3! You can trade for beer, but you are not making money because they are sad because they don't have beer! You can build a barn which allows you to raise beef and milk, but there are no cattle on the map. You have to buy them from a trader. No, I don't know how much they cost, because in 4 years, no trader has had any for sale. Not that it would matter because despite me having a cobbler, a clothier, a pottery and a candle shop all fully staffed. I never have anything to trade. Maybe it's because I don't have them IN my trade building. Who knows because there is nothing to tell you how it works! My composted girl could not work and I had NO idea why. Took me clicking on everything I could find to figure out that when it's "full" you have to click on the green "ready" button and tell her to take it to one of your farms! Well, that would have been great information to have! There are a couple and I mean that literally park things to put down but they are so expensive and money is so hard to come by, you might as well forget that for a while. So my people are sad so I can't get to tier three to unlock the things that might make them happy.
Kids are born each year... which is probably what my people are doing instead of working. There is a pop-up once in a while saying 9 people want to move into your town but this seems to matter very little because people will just immigrate automatic without you saying yes or no. You get a notice in the corner. I don't mind this, I actually prefer it, but why are there both options? There needs to be more civic style buildings. There needs to be a way to control taxes and money. For the love of god, add the tutorial!
This game could be just like tons of other games. chill, fun, entertaining. At some point. Right now it is unbalanced, frustrating with little to do and no way of knowing what you are doing wrong.
 

Dana
77 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Amazing game, with huge potential. The game is still in early access so you are going to have to restart a few times but I must be honest I don't mind. Every time I start again I have a new experience and learn new ways to do things. Worth the money and I can see big things coming for this game if the developers can build on this already solid start.
 

Anthrax
280 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I've been waiting for this game for a long time. Now that it has been released in early access you can see the first signs of a great game. But at the moment it is not yet developed enough to enjoy it very much. The graphics are beautiful, the level of detail is high, but the ability to analyze and then optimize your community is completely lacking.

After 19 hours I stopped playing. Lets try it after a couple of new updates.
 

slv
158 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Noticed this game on the steam store the day it released.
The game looked promising however, my experience with many new titles this year being underdeveloped or buggy/glitchy lead me to ignore it at first and wait for some reviews to roll in.
I decided to instead look at Crate Entertainment and their previous titles. Saw one game with Very Positive reviews, this inspired me to just say "why the hell not?" and try this developer teams new game out.
I bought the game hoping to get what I was expecting from the advertisements on Steam- I'm still in my first hour and I can happily say the game is living up to it.

Will most likely edit this review as I play more.
 

Keanu
368 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
TL;DR: A simplified medieval Cities Skyline. Beautiful nature, simple mechanics (the only thing that took a bit to wrap my head around was the crops cycle, soil composition and whatnot). The only thing missing - is a proper intarace. There are almost no hotkeys, trees and stones are a b*tch to select, no quick way to select certain peasants (like for instance - you get attacked my a wild bear, you have to find your hunters on the map by hand and order them to kill the beast. There's a specified window for all the peasants, but it doesnt allow selection of all of any given profession - only a random single peasant for that profession, as far as I can tell).
The buildings upgrade system took from the good ol' Caesar 3: what's that? A wood chopping block near my shack? Now way is it going to grow while this monstrosity is there! Basically a land value system affected by certain buildings and actions.
No bugs, fps drops, rubberbands, freezes or crashes found.
Highly recommend.
 

Badchi
582 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Needs work - no mini map, the fences are a little janky, AI and intuitiveness for the battles (bears, raiders, etc.) could be better, and the build paths are a little challenging (not sure if this is + or -, you definitely have to rely to trading more than other similar games).

Pros - beautiful look, nicely paced, more challenging overall than a lot of similar games like Banished and Settlement Survival. I like the food spoilage system a lot, it's both more stressful (you can't just stockpile infinite food) and better because you have a rough gauge of how many months supply you have, instead of trying to figure out how long 2k radishes lasts.
 

Dies Irae
239 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 6
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
So far I'm having a blast. Must say I've rerolled maps a couple of times when you realise you have been doing something wrong/stupid. Good city builder / survival game.
 

[82AD]Wooly
149 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A medieval city builder that's pretty rough on food resources (spoiling, crop rotation & diseases, etc.) but so beautiful that you forget about it. At the time of this writing the game is in early access but I haven't experienced any major issue yet. I play it every time I have some free time. It's so beautiful I even dream of it before going to sleep. Highly recommended!
 

lrz
8 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Super entertaining, however needs to be worked on - a lot of annoying unfinished things like inability to select multiple objects to delete, or hunters running a way from a wolf that is one hit away from being dead and etc etc. Hope they will also add more information and mechanics (like there the hell are chickens?).
 

Holy Mango
102 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great game. Even in early access it's fun.

What's great:

-AI isn't broken. The villagers and raiders don't do anything unexpected and react to threats/conditions appropriately.
-The environments are beautiful, especially for being procedurally generated.
-The challenge isn't artificially difficult. Whatever difficulty you play on can be overcome with proper planning and RNG isn't likely to suddenly end your settlement.
-Being able to move some buildings really helps with long term planning and avoids wasting resources.
-Defensive towers take advantage of height. It's a nice touch that you don't see often enough.
-Being able to move Blueberries to a designated area was a nice surprise. I imagine this feature will eventually extend to some other harvest-able plants.
-Farming system is satisfying. Having to balance crop rotations, soil and fertility is a nice added challenge without being tedious.
-Seasons, weather, and sound effects are clean and beautiful.


What can be improved to the current game:

-No resource cap. You'll have to manually turn off jobs if you start overflowing with that resource. (Dynamic caps based on population would do well in this game.)
-Sand/Clay/Iron/Stone management. Once you run out of something on the map you'll have to start trading for it. Not unrealistic, but some degree of automation would be a huge QOL improvement late game. Ex: "Always buy/sell up to X amount of a resource when available." Other sources of those same materials would also be welcome (like a stone query).
-Map features - game trails, rivers, waterfalls, roads that extend off the map, caves, ruins, etc.
-Auto rebuild destroyed structures - either a toggle-able option like auto upgrade, or something like a carpenters workshop that would be a dedicated build/repair/rebuild structure.
-Work radius adjustments - increase/decrease the work radius of various structures. It could be balanced with a cost of or benefit to efficiency.
-Walls with ramparts where troops can walk on. (T3 walls?)
-Tutorial - The lack of a tutorial is understandable as implementing a tutorial now while the game is still being developed would just add to the workload whenever changes take place. Maybe just loading screen tips for now?

Overall:
Excellent game. As far as city builders go, this is a real gem with a lot of potential. I'm certain a lot of the above is on the way to some extent. I can't wait to see where it goes! Excellent work to the team at Crate Entertainment.
 

Laser Head
222 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I have the same problem with this game that I do with Crates other game, it lacks some indescribable compelling force to keep you playing that other games sometimes get right. I can’t say this is a bad game because it’s not but I never find myself playing for more than an hour or two before becoming disinterested. I don’t know why exactly. I think part of it is how the progression of buildings works. As soon as you unlock a new tier of buildings you just literally go through and place each one down and boom you’re done. There’s no real decision making or meaningful impact to them. Unlock a tannery that makes leather that can make clothes? Okay, why do I need clothes? It’s not been a problem thus far but I have plenty of resources so let’s just put down this entire supply and production chain. Resources or population don’t seem to be problem at all in the early game. The water and fertility system kind of just make you feel unsatisfied with whatever you build because you’ll never be able to get 100% fulfillment on anything. You oddly have to manually harvest trees until many hours into the game even when there are production chains that rely on wood so that feels kinda wonky. Idk, anno made each thing you build feel satisfying and feel like you’re making progress toward this truly wondrous civilization whereas in this game you kind of just plonk down whatever is unlocked when it’s unlocked and move onto the next thing. UPDATE: Also just found out the devs, at least Zantai, have come out very clearly as anti-christian stating he draws the line at religion and would not want to add churches into the game. Which is kind of hilarious when you are reaping the benefits of game clearly modeled after Christian Europe.
 

Hexenkartothek
501 products in account
2
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I feel like progression is very harshly halted between town hall tiers 2 and 3. You can expand and expand with more markets and houses to earn more gold, but then you need defenses to prevents raiders, which also sucks your gold. Then the low entertainment sweep happens and your entire village is unhappy. I'm trying to use the trading post to get enough gold for tier 3 now, but I feel like trading shouldn't be the only route. A few tweaks could remedy this problem. Maybe moving brewery down to tier 2 in order to stock pubs could help alleviate the gold and happiness problem? I've also experienced some performance issues with large villages that generate a lot of notifications (I know you can turn them off but I like them).

The game reminds me a lot of Banished, which I love. Overall I DO like the game, but in it's current state I wouldn't recommend it and I will never give early access the benefit of the doubt, hence the negative rating. I have high hopes for Farthest Frontiers and I hope to give it a positive review in the future.
 

rigidPillow
821 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Game visuals are good, AI is very bad, tier requirements are the most stupid ones I have seen in my entire sim building experience, and I played a lot of games, but never seen this, I can understand how the devs didnt notice so stupid requirement for basic buildings, some of them require other higher tier buildings even for functioning... lot of basic buildings or necessities are located in the highest tier... production is pretty slow, gather resources is too slow, trees and stones have a very low output and require manual control! really, who though about designing the regrow or planting mechanic of the game? have you played any other sim game in your live?
Game is promising, but it seems there are a lot of devs who just doesnt have any idea about sim games mechanics, better if you stop developing one entire month just to play some good sim games to learn basic mechanics.
Dont bother now, the game will change a lot, right now there are other tons of better games of this genre, and this one right now doesnt bring anything new, at least not anything good.
 

OSculton
718 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
AWESOME
 

__/Sekunden
100 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
101.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Like Banished but more complex. Huge potential.
 

PeaceMaker
534 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
109.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 5
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I'm afraid right now there's a huge glaring bug that makes me unable to recommend this game. When you get a city of rather decent size you'll start to notice that nobody is doing any maintenance to the buildings. That's a bug. the only way around it is to dismantle every single afflicted building and move them but actually not move them. I assume they'll fix this problem and i can turn my review around, but this basically makes the game only playable to a point for now. Also it's insane that there's a finite amount of stone, clay, and sand.
 

nawashi
183 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
There is 1 MASSIVE GAPING FLAW in the gameplay, and that is how gold is handled.

-About 5 Hours in, Getting to the third and final phase of the City build requires you to get lucky enough to have enough random goods to sell to a trader for gold, the "correct" trader might happen to be there once a year...or not! Forcing you to arbitrarily wait another year to progress...asinine!

-There is no detailed breakdown of where I'm spending gold in the town budget, inevitably leading to a deficit.

-Having to wait until the last part of the game to smelt gold from gold ore makes neither historical nor gameplay balancing sense. Not to mention, not being able to produce my own gold until the end of the build is just annoying.

-It is laptop throwingly frustrating to know I need gold to pay soldiers to stave off raiders who will steal nothing but gold bars when its impossible to PRODUCE the gold until late game.

-Some maps do not have gold ore at all, leading to your progression to being severely nerfed based on dumb luck

That being said I think the game has massive potential. Fix the gold issue and allow the player to progress further in time and technology and I think you have something very special here.
 

JahMonRasta
214 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game is fun... But only for a while, besides the initial challenges you quickly run out of things to do besides furthering your resource collection.

The big issue however is that ALL resources are finite (besides wood). It seems clear to me the developers do not intend for this game to aim for a player experience on a large scale. Building more than one village besides your original is pointless as there are no incentives to do so (Building is prohibitively expensive and the resources are scattered few and far apart). Heck, you can't even build another town centre let alone designate an area as belonging to a town.

Besides the initial few hours of building your settlement, what more is there to do? The random raids are mediocre at best and I would hardly define that as a flavourful experience... It's not like the damage they cause is even that severe anyway...
 

☦︎Degen patrol☦
93 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Enjoying it so far. There's a lot of potential here. As other reviews have mentioned, this game borrows a *lot* of inspiration from Banished. If you like Banished, you will like Farthest Frontier. The combat/defence and building upgrade systems are interesting and fun additions to the formula. There's quite a few resources to manage, which keeps the economy and building placement aspects of the game challenging and interesting.

If you're running a lower end rig, I'd recommend waiting for a performance patch or two. On a high end rig, the game runs well and looks gorgeous. I will say on the highest graphical settings, the foliage- tho nice looking - can clutter the screen somewhat and make general visibility somewhat not ideal. A slider to tone this down a bit would be great.

My biggest complaint thus far is the UI and menus. A lot of these screens "look" nice but aren't well laid out or particularly useful. Tho the resource and employment panels in Banished are simplistic looking, they convey a ton of information at a quick glance, and I can choose to pin this to my screen for quick reference/access. In Farthest Frontier, everything is a full screen page and still somehow fails to answer simple questions like "am I producing enough food?" in a straightforward way.




 

Tom
294 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
174.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
What a stunning game. Hitting the sweet spot between city builder and survival strategy, I've really enjoyed tackling the realistic survival issues of a new frontier town. The beautiful environments and lively seasonal changes throughout, plus the wonderfully designed building detail and great townsfolk AI make your towns alive and incredibly hard to stop playing. Loving the game.
 

ChrissieM
63 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
132.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Amazing game so far, but we need:

intelligent AI players > smart competitor who builds his or her own city.
diplomacy with AI
neutral factions which can help you when gaining trust / helping them > witch (protects your city from diseases) etc...
 

悶絶
217 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
TL;DR: This is a good foundation for a city builder but lacks many improvements to be great.

I love city building games and I love previous title from these devs Grim Dawn. This game has a good foundation and the premise is nice. However, it lacks scalability in mid to end game and suffers from typical issues plagued by so many games where resources are involved. I am concerned that devs won't change it so for now I give a negative review.

MOST OBVIOUS ISSUES:

Buildings are hard to distinguish. They have all the same palette and too similar look thus it makes it hard to distinguish where is what in the settlement. I hope devs either change the art for many buildings or add optional UI layer to show icon of a building type. Right now it is so hard to find a particular building and some of us like to have big sprawling settlements. UI might be the easiest option as UI already shows the resource items dropped around.

History production should be hidden by default in the building panels as it confuses the player with how much goods there is atm.

Some panel with current needs of resources is badly needed to give overall info how much we have, how much we lack of a particular resource. This is a key for our planning of the settlement.

Trading requires an overhaul. Currently it is too confusing and tedious to do a trade. There can be a simple way to integrate our available goods with the trading house and improve the Trading house panel as well as do automation with trading because...


ISSUES WITH MID TO END GAMEPLAY MECHANICS

What comes as cute and engaging initial gameplay becomes very tedious in the mid game when player must go and check so many things manually. Manual trade can be fun at first, but later is a chore and it is on top of other chores like rotating areas for the Working Camp because there are no trees there anymore, to check barns if they have slaughtered excessive cows, to apply compost on the crop fields, to do this do that, check this, check that... it becomes so often and so repetitive and suffocates the gameplay.

Full storage of resource X but nobody comes to pick it up and deliver where it is needed. Regardless of how many laborers there are or builders, I am having thousands of wood available and yet this is not delivered to the places where this wood is needed to be processed. We should either have improved AI or a command to manage where we want to move certain resource.


THIS IS NOT AN RTS

Resources are depleted way too quickly. I can understand it in RTS games but this is supposedly a simulation of a colony and yet my iron mine got depleted in like 5 years. For real? Mines are having resources for decades and I think game should reflect that. Instead, my only option was to trade for resources. So I am selling beans to buy iron ore as I have no other options and only if trader has it available in their stock trough a really bad trading UI without automation - not fun. It's like the battery issue in the indie horror games where batteries for the flashlight are depleted in 3 minutes - absurd.
 

Ink
369 products in account
1
19 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 28
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
"thiS BuILding iS condEmned," so damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stupid mechanic, at least give us THE DAMN REPAIR ICON/BUTTON/COMMAND!
"hOUSE aBanDOnED," so basically my people choose to live on the street instead of living in a slightly decreasing desirable level housing, what a dumb concept
 

xHammerHead
135 products in account
3
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I need Limes, my people are getting scurvy.
 

wharok
103 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
there are a lot of unique elements that make this game very enjoyable and satisfying. perfect 7/10
 

Chunky Oatmeal
229 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Good Concept, good game, but unplayable view. You can not even see a 50x50 square and in a 30 degree view. You spend more time scrolling looking for location than it should. 15 building fill your view. good luck in the end game.
 

Akuma_ZER0
197 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
An excellent bear attack simulator. The game loop can be explained in four parts: 1.Spend the year gathering resources and praying (vainly) away the inevitable onslaught of fur and furry. 2. Tremble as the UI alerts you to a "Bear" (read: demon) spawning and every flimsy arrow misses the Ursine Menace. 3. Watch in horror as the "Bear" (read: actual Satan) sonic rushes the delectable cookie jar that is your town. 4. Suffer.

10/10 Would be Smokey's Chew Toy Again.

Also, yeah it's a fantastic survival city builder that any fan of the genre should buy.
 

Zap Rowsdower
259 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Honestly gonna throw this review out and probably ignore the comments cause It'll just have a bunch of Crate Fanbois trying to sing the good graces of the devs. I'm sorry but I want to give this game a good review but I can't until what are some really basic things are fixed. Also if your response is git gud show yourself the door cause every negative point someone has expressed in a review like basic resources like stone being a major pain to acquire despite being basic resource and a huge limiting factor and don't get me started on the AI but the main issue is pay attention to the negative reviews this is very much a situation where there are a lot of people singing the good graces of a game when I can bet were this Company not Crate and say Activision Blizzard or EA you'd be calling for the devs to be crucified. Stop condoning lazy development behaviors from devs I don't even care what price you are selling your game for but if you are selling it PLEASE make it a product that does not have fundamental design issues.
 

Gimble_Games
229 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
lots of potential, but pretty buggy - even for EA. also lots of quality of life basics are missing. no map, difficult to micromanage all of the different resource gatherers when your town gets big, not easy get the villagers to do the thing you wanted them to do. operating the market/trade is super cumbersome. combat is horrific to manage. farming was cool at first, but became incredibly difficult and micromanaged. i probably wont touch this game again for a year or so and see where it gets to, also... music was repetitive. one of the most beautiful aspects of the game is the changing seasons -- loved to see the years go by as your town survives another winter.
 

mcd123
34 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Early Access Review

Its banished but with combat and extra micromanagement..kinda

So i like the extra micromanagement colony simulator however the game is brutal due to piss poor AI, teleporting enemy armies, non sensical build tree's and intense micromanagement without some automations really makes this a labor intensive and frustrating experience. The devs are also very slow on updating/patching and the game needs a lot of work. This game is on the cupse of being great, but its not there yet (yes i know its EA, but i did pay for it and this is what i feel about the current state of the game)

Things that reaaaaallly need to be fixed...

-you cannot micromanage your workers, you can only hope that they wont bypass thier wounded friend to walk across the map to pick up a bag of wheat
-enemy army can teleport, and your soldiers are too drunk to get to the fight. they also need to be told that the enemy is coming and will run back to fort/barracks after killing 1 enemy.
-balance, a wood palisade only has 700 less hp and doesnt cost stone, your lazy soldiers wont reach the fight unless they right next to the spawn/raid route
-flatten tool, it costs labor to make the ground look pretty...it wont allow you to build buildings or make mines on uneven ground
- could use more T4 buildings, currently none
-Desirability, needs an overhaul...all it is park placer simulator
-wagons, they mostly idle and you cant micro them (Ai?)
-Food, you can build farms but your farmers may be too drunk/picking nose to keep the food from rotting. You will have food rotting while villagers starve, its nonsense.
-defense structures, they are very expensive (monthly bill) and you need a lot of them....also your guard is drunk and looking to stock the watchtower whenever a raid is coming.

 

Desitri
188 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
First patch after release has broken all saves from previous version. Several bugs with new maps on the new version. I would wait until QA is better for patch releases with last game save.

Edit review: Changed to thumbs up

The dev's turned around the patch and promised to do better QA in the future.
See my complete video series on getting started and tips and tutorials as I learn to play the game.
 

RazorEQX_TTV
1,006 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's time for another Banished clone. I have been following the development of this game for quite a while now. I usually don't excite myself for city-builders as most would not leave the early access, get abandoned and become a sad chapter on dusty shelves. But this game, Farthest Frontier, is one of the most promising games out there. It was released in early access, yet the content in-game is more than some full releases.

A few things are missing, like stone quarries and Forresters, and the hunting system seems broken in the mid-to-long game. Other than that, there are plentiful to do and plentiful to explore.

The crop rotation was a nice touch, building a defence to protect your town is a nice touch, and the combat system overall works rather nicely. Instead of aimlessly destroying buildings, the raiders seem to be mostly going after your resources. And if you are a person like me who forgets to set up decent defences, you can always rally your townsfolk to kick some raider asses by simple drag your mouse and right click on an enemy tactic.

All in all, as an early-access game, it has plenty to keep you entertained and great potential to be one of the cornerstones of City-Builder games.
 

Rada Stolenguard
510 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Some bugs but fixes come quick, allot of game here even in these early days of EA and i trust CRATE to deliver a solid game by the end.
If you like Town builders there is allot here to chill with or add lots of challenge depending on what your in for, Audio is fantastic graphics looks great, performance needs work but it has not hindered my experience... dont really need 120fps in these types.
Well worth the price as is if your into this sorta thing.
 

SriRacha
415 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Fun times. Bamby's keep eating cabbages.
 

Powerhouse
89 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
the game is very beautiful, but it needs more content the game is a little empty
 

mec666
52 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game offers great fun for many hours even at early access state.

I love building games and this game is great for that. Personally, I wish we could also rotate things in 45° angles and build fences that way. My first game was on pacifist mode but I realised that the raiders give the game a nice edge to keep it interesting and offer different challenges to my inner builder: it needs to be built so it can be defended!

I highly recommend and look forward to added features and bug fixes until the official release.
 

Moon Moon
169 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
109.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 3
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Don’t be fooled by the “Very positive” “reviews” you see on the store, that’s the hype generated by some popular Youtubers. The game is a deception, obviously devs never played a city builder in their life. I’m playing video games since 1984 and I’ve played every single city builder out there. The devs don’t understand what mechanics are at the core of a successful city builder; logistics. This is a disaster; I produce goods and food that either rots or stay there forever because nobody’s going to get them. First you need to understand that unlike Banished that, like in real life, allows you to build distant production sites with barns or whatever kind of storage you want and then have people from the markets downtown come and transport them back to the city, Farthest Frontier has nothing like that. I’m overproducing food and goods just to hope a bit will make it back to the city, somehow, before it rots. My markets are empty, people complain about the lack of food but I have tens of thousand of food literally 3 houses away from them but nobody has the idea to get a cart and go get them. The game forces you to build a cramped city, with everything you produce extremely close to your residential zones, this works for a time but when you’re forced to go gather resources far away because… balance issues, we’ll talk about that a bit later, then everything falls apart. Granaries and windmills are right next to my fields, between the residential zones and the fields, but somehow markets a few meters away are empty. In fact, at some point you don’t understand what the hell is going on, you try to correct things by building more production sites but there comes the mechanic “travel distance”, a good idea, if you could counter balance it by using carts and you can, but they do pretty much nothing. My industrial zone is a bit away from the residential zones to not ruin my citizens life but since nobody comes and picks up the produced goods the stockyard gets filled up, in my current game one of my stockyard is full with 2000 firewood and my saw mills cannot dump the planks they produced. I have around 100 planks waiting to be transported back to the stockyards I have downtown, but it will never happen. Like everything else, as your city grows, everything becomes paralyzed because nobody transports goods where they’re needed. I could keep going on but Reddit is full of posts like mine that should make you think twice before clicking the buy button. We’re not talking about bugs or glitches here, but a failure to understand how a city builder works at its core. I’ll briefly write about balance issues before I wrap this one up: devs corrected the amount of resources available on the map, a bit, but some buildings like glass makers that require sand to produce glassware used by the preservist to preserve food in order to reduce food waste needs a ton of sand and there’s just not enough for the building to be efficient. Ahh yeah, why don’t you buy it from traders? Well, these guys show up with sand every 4 or 5 years, and a small amount too, like 300 sand for a scandalous price. This quantity is enough for my glass maker to run for about 1 minute and that’s it. You got the idea, each time you try to beat the flowed mechanics of this game the same flaws will ruin your experience just the same a bit later. This is a solid 3 out of 10, not for the bugs but for the completely absurd mechanics the devs have implemented, it’s only an Early access right now, things can still be corrected, but everything needs to be redesigned from scratch or this will still be an Early Access that becomes an abandonware in 1 or 2 years and with zero patching because the devs know the whole game mechanics need to be rethink from scratch. You don’t want to believe me, buy it and after 100 hours trying your best to make it work you will come to the same conclusions I have.
 

headhunter_unit23
94 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
In its current state it's not worth the money, although I think there's potential for something good in it - depends on what the developers are planning on adding. Overall I'd say I enjoyed the first couple hours of the game, building houses and upgrading stuff, collecting and producing resources etc.. Unfortunately one quickly runs into a wall, and I really do hope this will get fleshed out better. Until then I don't think I'll touch it again, below are the main issues I see:

- You can from the beginning place buildings that have absolutely no use until very, very late into the game (root cellar is the most glaring example). While that is not really limiting your gameplay it's a sign of bad game design.
- Well, it actually does impact your gameplay, as without very late-stage resources and items your food loss is going to be enormous - it really does feel like you are growing crops just to have them immediately rot away.
- With some resources locked behind tier levels you have to hope on traders to provide items to you in order to advance in a reasonable time. There's only two traders a year, and it's pure chance if they stock what you need.
- All that said, it appears that the late-game gameplay is limited. You build your city up and defend against the occasional raiders. There needs to be more depth in my view.
 

ILikeDonuts
130 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The more you play, the more frustration you get. This game is god tier of Clueless design.
Is it a potential game? Yes maybe in the next 10 years of developing.
 

Toilet With Threatening Auras
91 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Right now I don't see any reason to own this over the city builders I already have other than the fact that it looks nicer. It has a few new/interesting concepts as far as farming go, and you've got the implementation of military action that other city builders miss, but the few new aspects here aren't enough in my mind to warrant dropping $30. That said, I'll be keeping an eye on how the game develops.
 

masterthief30
312 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 31
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
First off let me just say I love this game. It's stunning. Though, late game (300+ pop) there are some quite significant performance issues, and I have a decent rig. Hopefully this can be ironed out over time. I still 100% recommend this game, I'm having a lot of fun with it.
 

Razzy
141 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
147.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game has gone to sh*t now, i loved it before the update now there so many bugs and glitches. 4 hunter with over 20 deer yet they cant find food. you physically tell then to hunt the deer and they kill it then cant find food. So all my village stave and die. 4 fishing huts cant find fish right next to the water. The builders dont build at all they wonder around and nothing gets done. The new update on the trading post is the worst, it flashes up and down so cant click the item. Then i cant click off the trading post so it always highlighted. then it duplicates the trader so i have 6 traders but only 3 real. Its a disaster this game now.

Instead of adding new things like all the other devs, try fixing the game 1st so i can actually enjoy playing it
 

Uhtred Ragnarsson
11 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I'm reluctantly giving this a thumbs down. I really wanted to like it and spent nearly 30 hours, but just do not find it very fun or satisfying.

I like the genres of base building and colony sims, so I had high hopes for the game. However, I find that the UI and the overall progression system interfere with the fun. As a result, my overall feeling when playing tended toward frustration rather than engagement and fun.

I was generally happy with the survival challenge. In my three playthroughs, I got the population up to around 100. I found the game appropriately challenging, but just kept wondering whether I really wanted to keep playing.

For comparison, some of the other games that I have enjoyed in this base building / colony sim space are:
Rimworld, Dyson Sphere, Ostriv, Songs of Syx, Timberborn, Kingdoms Reborn, Kingdoms and Castles, Going Medieval, Nebuchadezznar. I have more hours in all of those games than Farthest Frontier.

I agree with other reviewers who praise the potential of this game. It is attractive and there is an excellent foundation on which to build. I also loved Grim Dawn, another game from these developers, so I plan to revisit Farthest Frontier after some major upgrades. However, I don't recommend the game as it currently exists.
 

Brysky
105 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
46.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Yeah it's engaging, addictive, and good quality.
 

anachoret
214 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
a Grim Dawn awaits us!
 

GateroTD
780 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
219.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you judge the worth of a game by the amount of time you can get out of it, then this game is worth buying.
High replay value, very active and engaged developers, and a refreshing challenge in the city/settlement genre.
The occasional bug, but surprisingly stable for early access.
 

BobTheYak
143 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I see great potential in this game.Hardcore survival improves immersion a lot.I bought it last night and forgot everything.
Gonna spend all night on this.
But raid system is very imba.Raiders swarm in and take my stuff in a flash then leave at once.Guards just shoot randomly leaving low-health enemy alone.Need to-arms options for some armed villagers like RimWorld and order them to attack certain enemies and predators.
Meanwhile this will be a good platform for modders if u guys open Steam Workshop :-)
 

Reister_J
92 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Lots of fun, haven't noticed a bug yet other than villager sometimes needing a few seconds to remember the job they want to do next. Every other possible bug was linked to me not understanding the game properly.

Haven't played much Anno and a bit of Banished, I really like this game so far. Beautiful soundtrack and graphics.
I'm reaching a critical mass of buildings and overall city layout now, which will show how good they managed to deal with mid game. Will update this review accordingly.

Edit: Found some more bugs, especially around labour workers idling and food processing. Probably through the latest hotfix. I'm very confident that the devs will fix it as they have proven so in the past, just be aware.
 

Sakujo
217 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's got some good and some bad.

Good
The way you lay things out is great for a city builder
Love the raiding elements and predators
Decent progression in beginning, but flaws become apparent later (I.E. Bricks, Heavy Tools, Cattle- Trading)

Bad
Heavy tools or Cattle seem to never get traded by the merchant
You will borderline starve for multiple seasons because of this
Because of things like heavy tools the upgrade for Town Center is crazy expensive you need 125 people, but you are always starving around 40-50. I guess you could build hunting grounds on the whole map but that seems ridiculous.
Smoking meat only helps for so long.


The only reason I'm thumbs upping this is it is made by Grim Dawn, but did they even play their own game???

 

Doctor Nashty
144 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Take every game of this gender, take out all the good bits, shake them up a little and make them whole. What have you got? This game.
I really enjoy this game even though my 82 year old brain has trouble every now and again but a quick smack soon starts it up again. (The wife enjoys the smack part).
Anyone who likes this type of game should not hesitate in buying it. I admit being a pacifist I have not played with raiders etc but no doubt those who have not been or seen real war will enjoy that part as well simply because the way this game happens to be put together it would only be a complete idiot who would say otherwise.
'Grumpy's' rating. If you take out the running around these villagers do,just kidding, exercise makes me dizzy. a HUGE 10 out of 10. Trust me, put it top of your wishlist
 

Grumpyolman
146 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
liked :This is banished turned up 110%
*farming system is awesome
*house upgrade based on desireablity awesome
*parks , monuments , roads all have a purpose awesome
* not sure but it seems like you can over hunt/fish areas causing eco collapse and you need to move /rotate your hunting/fishing grounds, if true awesome

disliked :It crashes sometimes but early access you know

Things I wish were in the game;
*Towns people gain experience in their traits: this could lead to higher yields in what they are doing. It would also be cool if towns people with less exp who get paired up with people with more on say a farm would gain experience at a faster pace.

*Multiplayer

*I wish there was slightly more of a military aspect nothing crazy but it would be cool aspect if it had some RTS features like troop grouping , siege weapons, calvery, maybe gun powder at some point. Allowing you to attack the raiders encampments and put them on the defensive for once. However keeping with the same theme, I think it would be ground breaking in the RTS world to make people not only care about their units and towns people but also be really invested in their survival. Its just not something any other game has done.

*native tribes



Would absolutely recommend it
 

antv311
103 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
not recommended if you dont have 500GB of ram cuz 16GB is far from enough to play with the lowest settings
it is so laggy once you finally built a decent city
could only get 5 fps max during invasions
please add more graphic settings or fix something since this could be a fantastic game, if playable
 

Sweet_noodle
50 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Has potential but I stopped playing because I couldn't figure out how to get enough food -- I didn't feel like it was a puzzle to figure out but more like a broken feature. i'll come back in a year after it gets some more polish
 

zapyote
89 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A Survival City Building Game!,
I love this game!, it's challenge and fun with medieval themed aesthetics.
 

Mystrix
246 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
i like that u can play this game while only using one handd
 

Auf Bart reimt sich Hart
64 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 6
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I have a history with the old, old game Black & White. It was fun being a god, but I always liked making my villages, over the mechanics of pet training. That being said, I've looked for some time for something to scratch that particular itch, most god games pale in comparison for whatever it was I was looking for.

I tried Banished and enjoyed it for a few solid hours (like 10, maybe), but I found it massively underwhelming and not something that kept my attention for long, despite it's praises.

This game scratches that "itch" for a solid medieval city builder. It feels rewarding to progress through the tiers and there is always something to do, throughout the entire progression, without any of it feeling punishing or unfair.

It's not quite rimworld, as the aspect is more focused on the survival of the city moreso than the survival of your individual peoples wants and desires.. but one amazing characteristic of rimworld is that you can certainly lose hours in it within the blink of an eye.

In my experience with Farthest Frontier, I've had many nights where I've had to force myself to stop. Not many games provide that experience for me, but it's a treasure when they do.

Combat could be a little more fleshed out, as well as a tutorial or two thrown in at first (like for crops), but in early access this game is in amazing shape and I'm excited for it's future.
 

SgtSpell
134 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Its early access, there are bugs and patches and new game restarts a-plenty!

But what's already there is a solid game that a friend of mine likened to a Caesar/Banished hybrid and I'd have to agree. Already have had a good time with this game and it only looks to improve based on the dev's track record.

Recommended.
 

The Shoveler
281 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 5
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It is a pretty solid game. If you like Banished or any of the Anno games then this will keep you busy for a while. It will be interesting to see what new things will be added in the final product.
 

MaonzEdong
240 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Very cool game, very banished with lots of improvements, enough to feel like it's own game. However, the static building placements on a grid that only goes in one of four directions makes it really hard to design any organic looking towns/cities. So, everything comes out looking like ugly car dependent grids, just without the cars. I think alot of people can ignore it, but I couldn't. So, I am still going to not recommend this, as I lost all interest in playing it before I reached my $1 per hour of gameplay that i use to rate games and others might as well if you have the same issue with grids as I do. I'd hope that the devs eventually address this admittedly niche issue, but as its a core system, I am not holding my breath.
 

LiberalIdeas
221 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
180.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This was a good game in the start but eventually you get to tier 3 and all you do is try to survive by getting tools and Heavy Tools. Up to that point, the game is fun but once Heavy Tools are involved, it is just crap. They are just not available enough, even by building blacksmiths and foundries. Then, there are the regular tools which they do not come into play the entire tier 1 or 2 but suddenly, at tier 3, they are needed everywhere. Of course you cannot make tools without Heavy Tools, but you need Heavy Tools to make tools. A dumb catch 22 that just completely ruined the game for me.
 

lukeiamyourfather
47 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 4
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game was made by a team with a great passion for colony/management sims and it shows in every beautiful detail... except it just doesn't work. I don't regret buying it at all, and I will follow the updates closely, but it is not ready to play yet. Relentless bugs ruin every save file, yet are highly unpredictable.

The level of care and detail in the game is astounding. When it is in working order, it will be an absolute joy and a 1000+ hour time sink. Just don't buy yet if you expect to play tonight. Great things will come from Farthest Frontier... later.
 

alcMD
95 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A city builder game that doesn't have any depth to it. The only goal looks to be to learn how to min-max the building placement. Learn the math and leech all the fun out of it. There really isn't any creative variation to this game. I want to like the game, but just can't. This is definitely no Rimworld.
 

SimVU
2,779 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Nice relaxing city build like Banished, but with more threats like raiders, wild animals, and the elements. Kind of wish the developers incorporated the lore of Grim Dawn into the game, but still it's a good game in a Historical Fiction medieval setting. The crop system is interesting, with you managing what to grow to increase soil fertility and crop production, and I like the more fluid roaming of villagers, not necessarily stuck to the roads you build, but using them as a means for easier travel rather than necessity. You know capitalism as a system is eating away at society when you long to live in a village living off the land at the risk of dying of rabies. Interested to see what else they come up with for this game.
 

Frosty
878 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Promising, But It Needs A Lot Of Work

This game has so much potential, but has some balancing issues and mechanics that don't make sense. Like having a number of Tier 2 buildings that can only be built with items produced by Tier 3 buildings. To bypass this I became pretty wealthy by trading, but ran into the problem of raiders stealing all of my money despite successfully repelling the raids.

So I built walls, accumulated a sizable amount of wealth again, got raided, and fended the raid off at the gate. Not one raider got through, and two survived to run away. Despite no raider stepping foot in my town, and only two severely wounded men running away, it counted the raid as being successful, AND I LOST SOME 2000 GOLD INGOTS AND A BUNCH OF TRADE ITEMS.

Then there's income issues, where in order to make passive income you need markets, and there are buildings that require monthly payments for upkeep. The passive income is astronomically lower than the cost of even a small amount of service buildings. This makes having actual guard posts to try and repel the broken raids economically impossible without hoping for random traders to wander through, who might not even want to buy you wares.

I look forward to playing again after some updates, but until then its getting shelved.
 

Sigma Squared
423 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
71.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
At this stage (EA) I cannot recommend the game. I have no doubts, as development progresses, this game will be great, if Crate can put in the same effort as they did with GD. But as it stands, there is just to much that needs to be worked on, considering the current price tag on the game.
The performance is truly awful, even having higher then recommended specs. My latest town has about 330 citizen and FPS are between 10-40, even dropping to a single digit depending whats going on. How this could make it through testing is surprising to me. It feels like the game got pushed for release.
I really love the graphics and some game concepts (like that you have to trade for resources that your map doesnt provide) and I hope it becomes a great game farther down the road.
 

morpheus
69 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 30
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Once they fix the glaring problems in workers just stop working and the stone regen problems this will be a great game. at year 9 on every game I have played, All of my workers just stop working and start wondering around. I have things for them to build, but they just wont cut trees, clean up the dead, make fire wood, make planks or build. they all just stop doing what they are supposed to do. I will have in excess of 30 people and con only employ 12? what the hell is that? I really want to love this game, but, at the moment I will have to wait and see if they fix these problems.
 

pternus77
13 products in account
3
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
73.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Very good settlement builder. hard but fair. Focus on food the first few years or youll starve to death.
 

RoughAnalSex
82 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
101.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
For an early access game this is really complex and has a lot of content. I am a big fan of city builders and play many of them. I am really enjoying this one thus far. Excited to see what lies ahead regarding the development
 

mex.harris007
10 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Shows such promise, and is very pretty to look at. Sadly even at medium settings i cannot play through the stutter fest that this game is, with 3070ti and an I9.
If anyone has a fix for this i am all ears.
 

ByggemandBob
364 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Charming city builder with a lot of depth. Others are far more eloquent than I in terms of what makes the game good, but there's a very solid game here. For Early Access in particular, this is basically complete
 

Fuccubus Queen
264 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 31
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Currently not worth for 29bucks. Does'nt run stable with large cities. Tech-tree is uninovative and basically there is nothing new in the game when compared to other. It looks nice .. but looks don't win prizes.
 

Dabrion
205 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Reached a population of 155 in year 17, but i couldn't stop to notice the HUGE lag spikes occuring every 5 seconds.
It was fine until i reached around 130 citizens.
I can live with a small lag spike when opening certain menus, but after reaching that population level it just overtook the whole gaming experience.
I tried experimenting with all the video settings,- nothing helped, i have a high-end pc with modern specs.

Wait until they have fixed a few bits and bobs if you intend to play this game alot.

Written for version: v0.7.4

Edit: After i've been gaming a bit more, it seems like when i restart the game the lag spikes stop,- but after 30mins to an hour it starts again with the HUGE lag spikes occuring every 5 seconds. Also when im hovering over my city i have around 30-50fps, however when i dont look at my city i have approximately 120-140 fps. At some point in time i changed the setting for when the game autosaves from 10 minutes to 20. It never autosaved when i did that and it seemed like the game became even more clunky. I also built a barn recently, purchased 2 cows from the merchant, and when i click on one of my cows an overview of clay pops up, when i click on my other cow an overview of sand pops up, right after that i got raided at the same time the HUGE lag spikes occured,- thats when i thought: Im done.
 

Raul Gillette
321 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a really good city builder / management game which is really addicting and fun to play, but I don't recommend it right now. If you do, expect to play around it's issues and have your save ruined.

The AI is pretty broken at times, namely never repairing buildings making everything get abandoned and destroyed, this almost ruins the game, especially the further you get. Also when a building is on fire every civilian goes to get water and put out the fire, even if they're at the other side of the map or if the fire has already been put out. When they get attacked they sometimes don't do anything, get stuck or just run away and get the enemy to run after them for a very long time.
I also would constantly have issues with food, stone and sometimes wood, no matter what I did, so had to play on the new map with more resource spawns. Only solution I had was trying to get as much gold as I could and hoping I could buy them from traders. Not sure if this is just me being bad or something with the game?
The game runs very poorly (under 20 FPS) and freezes for over 10 seconds every time it auto saves.

Now for the positives:

The graphics, design and UI all look really nice
It is really addicting and fun, played it for 17 hours straight when I bought it :p
Feels like there's more to do in this compared to other city builders
Some options for when you create your world like map type, difficulty for various things, seeds

Once the game gets a few more updates I'm sure it will be perfect and I will change my review, I love grim dawn and think the devs will make this one of the best of its genre :)
 

Lizarino
1,518 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Recommended for now if you're a fan of the genre only. It's sort of like... "discount Banished" right now, but could grow to be much more.

Combat and resource management leave much to be desired. It's not really clear how to optimize the walkers, and how to optimize which goods go to which warehouse (you can ban goods from a certain warehouse but that's it).

Combat is very basic and frustrating. Very little control, lots of micromangement and battles tend to be a mess. Needs more advanced controls.

Why am I giving this a positive review? The bones are there for a very solid game, it just needs a lot more polish. The economy feels good, which is something a lot of games screw up. It doesn't get super easy in the late game like a lot of games screw up too. I still prefer Banished, but Banished is finished... this could be better once it is finished.
 

Zabby
84 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A banished/life is feudal(forest village) successor with better graphics (may need optimization but hey, its an EA title)! Good innovation on an otherwise formulaic outpost-survival-city-builder mechanics.

This review is made during EA and so far I cannot believe on how polished it looks and feels (aside from the optimization issue) and i happily recommend it to all my friends and all that enjoy these city builder games. The start can be brutal and there's a lot of intermingling mechanics that helps bring your villages to life. the variety of animations are good too.
 

omi_al
2,308 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
29.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Too buggy. Half the stuff is either bugged or not working. There's a limit to how buggy a game can be even for an ea game. But this is just too much. You can't enjoy a longer game cause stuff will stop working for no reason. The game has potential. But it needs solid 6 months of really hard work to make this enjoyable to play. Right now i feel like every game i played i wasted my time.

Update v0.7.5c: Game still bugged, buildings collapse without you knowing until you reload the save. which completly kills the purpose of expanding cause suddenly your economy is dying and you don't know why the nyou realize probably something broke. You reload and the market is collapsed. Traders come and you can't buy anything from them until you reload the game. It just makes no sense to play it. They need an exprimental build like many other ea's an have an actual "stablish" version for public. This is EA but there's a bare minimum of respect to show to players.
 

Bum
141 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
"Grim Dawn 2" looking weird!
 

Maknae♥
865 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A very good game but needs more work.
 

Aurora ATX
158 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game should be called food spoilage simulator.

All in all, a fun game. Needs more buildings and shrink the building footprints. The cities get way to spread out. Allow building clipping like the game Foundation.
 

ehni55
177 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Didn't play games for 10 years. This game made me play 40 hours in a little over a week and I've been loosing sleep over it. Yes, it's that good. Its in early stages, but hell it's good. Give it a try.

Not sure what to write, its addicting.



A few comments for devs:
- PROPOSAL: We need notification when merchant arrives to the market (or settings in menu which notifications to show and how loud the audio should be for that notification). Or at least notification inside the building when next merchant will arrive. Otherwise Im checking trading building too much.
- PROPOSAL: Birds, people hunted birds
- PROPOSAL: Think there should generally be more wild life (+ more types of it)
- PROPOSAL: Cows should/could also be extracted for the wildlife and there should be somekind of process/time to make them domestic (also dogs from wolfs)
- IDEA: It would be awesome if on big maps there would be "enemy" somewhere and you could attack them (when city becomes big it can become boring, we need some expansions upon gameplay, i'd like to have first 50 hours on the city without these options and they become available once you hit that,.. also expansion to other eras would be nice (like after 100 hours etc.))
- IDEA: We need sea and ships etc., I love them, pretty sure they had at least some small boats back then haha
- IDEA: Possibility of making more cities on one big map?
- IDEA: System for distributing goods/foods is not very clear and its automatic (maybe some options for control would be nice (also AUTO option to be available - like its now))
- FIX: I'm running this game over Parallels on Mac and my trees are rendering very strangely (don't see all of them, but when using Harvest I see them)
 

Pblazun
1 product in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Cautiously giving it a thumbs-up. The game has potential, but there are still numerous issues I personally find annoying. There is a lot of tedious micro management, like having to assign a new patch of land for your gather folks once they picked up a small area. At the beginning this is fun and entertaining, but once you reach a sizable town and you have many of those manual to assign gathering spots, or other working areas, it gets really annoying, especially when all the sudden you get the food warnings, because all areas assigned have been picked and you forgot to re-assign around 8 of those, which you have to do a few times a season. That's only one of those micro extensive tasks.
The whole crop rotation is done over the top complicated and far too detailed. You basically have to have a basic farming degree to understand what they want you to do or to get this right.
Resources need balancing quite a bit, but its still in early access, so hopefully that will get fixed. Soe resouce patches are plentiful on the procedual maps while others are so few that in the late game you simply run out of specific resources and its game over.

At the moment you can build up to tier 3 buildings and you get there far too quick. Only took me 13 seasons (2 hrs of gameplay) to reach the end of the game of what can be done with your town.

Also the combat is an afterthought. It's more annoying and unfair then anything else. It just feels slapped on.
In season 10 I had a two raids right after the next one, one of 25 raiders and one of 7, which basically came as one 32 raid. Absolutely unbalanced that early in the game. They wiped my first town, besides having a good amount of defensive buildings and palisades, the max I could affort with the income of a 100 people. So imagine what 32 well equipped raiders can do. The whole combat and invasion system needs an overhaul.

Otherwise the game is fun, beautiful and pays lots of attention to detail, sometimes a bit too much though.

 

Ronin75
434 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great game but early access shows some limitations:
- Impossible to select a villager and give him an order as in Age of Empire for instance. Would be useful when you need to harvest stone for instance and when no one cares about it, despite it being the only set priority.
- Difficult to prioritise resources harvesting priorities overall
 

Tumak
37 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's a fun game, but there are some tedious bugs that break the game for me. Once this hit release I have no doubt it will be an awesome game.

The most annoying bug I encounter is that roads do not build, it is supposed to be fixed with 0.75 build, so I will renew my review after that.

Edit: Roads seems to always be completed now. But now the Market is bugged so that the worker doesnt really do anything that is supposed to do.
Also builders seems to be stuck at "Unable to work" sometimes, even tho there are jobs to be done.
 

Cold
109 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
+Addictive, fun if simple and basic gameplay.
+Managing the city feels "realistic".
+Difficult and feels satisfying surviving impossible odds.

-Poorly optimized, long load times.
-Frequent crash to desktop.
-Gamebreaking bugs, such as buildings randomly being condemned and razing.
-Unintelligent AI. Raiders all form a straight line to path of least resistance. Villagers will run into raiders even when the city is told to retreat back to city hall. AI will randomly wander in frozen temperatures and freeze to death, or starve whilst carrying food.
-Unfair, unbalanced gameplay. Start with 80% lakes/water with no iron, clay, gold or herbs? Might as well punch yourself in the face. Start with literally every resource in 80k+ abundance close by? Randomness can be fun, but progression is HARD limited by herbs and other resources. Cows and livestock are also randomly available from traders.
I once had 150 raiders as my first attack on my 180 villager settlement in year 5. The next run I had 15 raiders attack my 224 villager settlement with fully stocked barracks in YEAR 11. Too random, doesnt seem to be based on wealth accumulated or time.
-Uninspired gameplay. It's simple and really doesnt innovate this genre at all. It's just another Banished.
 

Toby
494 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 29
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
TL:DR Best of games like Stronghold, Banished, Dawn of Man with less problems! Play it!

Refreshing oldschool medieval city management game!

Like many SIM games it can be a bit daunting to understand the unique mechanics of this game like how they handle food, resource management, housing desirability, etc BUT once you understand it the game really shines.

Play relaxed and expand slowly and unlock technologies slowly, or burn through the first couple of tiers at break neck speeds barely surviving with enough food as you grow.

Build a blocky mega efficient pack of homes and amenities or make a chill little sprawling village.

They definitely have some small things that need to be fixed or basic quality of life improvements but for how new this game is it's already 8/10.

Recommendations:
-Give foragers laborer duty during winter, they're useless and do nothing during winter.
-Add a manual repair building button or add an actual repair person.
-GIVE ME AOE PRIORITY INCREASE OPTIONS FOR FENCES AND WALLLLLLSS!!!!!!!!!!!!

<3
 

Seven
101 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I'm sure this game will be optimized eventually, so i'll come back and play when it is. This is a very fun city builder but I have a pretty strong PC (3060Ti and 32gb Ram) and after 5 hrs of building, the game stutters every 1.5 seconds.. When the weather changes the game soft locks even after setting everything to the minimum settings. Every game I own I run on Ultra with no problem.. this was way too annoying in the state it is in right now unfortunately…
Resources are practically non-existent for everything other than wood.
Villagers ignore the priority building about 75% of the time.

That being said, the game seems like it will be very enjoyable, after a few of these issues are addressed. It's even pretty enjoyable in the state it is in as long as you play a map for no longer than 5 hrs give or take, and then move on to the next map.

I rate this game 7/10, and for each of the 3 issues addressed above I will add a point when it's addressed.
I look forward to playing this game again.
Until then ( ^_^)／
 

Ryujin
138 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Reluctantly recommend. I wish there were a way to give a neutral recommendation. Steam needs more than just a thumb's up or down. The game is mostly ready, as an early access I expect there to be flaws and there are some major gameplay experience flaws. Some of the biggest ones I've seen so far.

The biggest flaw is money flow. In the early game gold is required to run necessary town services but you won't have any way of making gold early on. People will die without medical care, which is 20 gold per month, people will get sick without sanitation, your nightsoil collector is 8 gold per month, You earn 10 gold per month from taxes on your market. There is no other way to earn gold until your town upgrades and you start collecting taxes off your homesteads and later houses. Meanwhile, gotta pay for that healer house and nightsoil collector. Want to fight off raiders and bears? You'll need towers and soldiers, 5 and 8 gold per month for each of those. Expect a loss of 10-20 gold per month for years. The only other effective way to fight them is ringing your town center bell. Raiders will ignore it. I had raiders break down a section of wall on the western edge of my city attack and destroy houses, kill half a dozen people, steal all my weapons, winter coats and gold, and run off. The only recourse is ringing your bell and hoping they come toward the town center where garrisoned citizens can shoot.

As the game progresses you can make gold by selling goods. So employ some potters, sell your winter coats and shoes, and hope you don't need them later. But because this is the only way you'll pay for your soldiers you won't have enough general laborers in town, not enough gets repaired and you'll start losing essential buildings, because how dare you try and supplement your income through employing some potters instead of devoting those workers to essential services like cutting wood and making building repairs. There's no way to repair buildings unless you have laborers who aren't doing something else.

I don't mind difficulty. It's interesting and exciting. But there needs to be an effective way to earn gold other than rolling new maps a dozen times hoping for a gold mine to spawn. There also needs to be some mechanism to repair buildings other than waiting for general laborers to get it when they have time to spare. There's never enough of them, and they'll never have time to spare.
 

McCore
72 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a review based on 32 hours of play in early access:

Lets start with the upsides. The game looks really good, and I had no major technical hickups. And it is really easy to get started if you know the genre.

Some of the menus are complicated. For example: If I can only build one trade building ever, why not access trade via a menu buttom instead of the building?

Some things could be better designed. Again trade: Why not have an option that lets you keep a certain amount in general storage and shifts the rest of the items to your trading hub? Instead of filling up the trading hub to a certain amount.

Usually you want to keep like 10 items of any given type in your storages to not interrupt production chains or consumption. But as far as I can tell the only option to auto-load your trade storage is the one that empties your general storage.

But the major issue is motivation. Other games of the genre are just doing a better job at engaging their players. They let you know and celebrate if you are progressing into the right direction. But this aspect is completely missing from the game. If you like your feedback to be different numbers in different menus and slightly different skins for your buildings, this game might be right for you. But that`s like 20st century game design for me.

A few more direct feedbacks from the game on certain circumstances and achievements would do a great deal in motivating players.
 

Chiungalla
190 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
63.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Decent game so far but hard to recommend due to the poor performance and optimisation in it's current state.
 

Dyida
51 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Didn't find the game enjoyable between tiers 2-3, just personal preference. Seemed like the ability to mine metals should have included the ability to work them to bard in the same tier. Maybe not progress them to armor etc but at least refine the raw materials.
 

Laloric
22 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I stopped at 100 minutes....
It's exactly like Banished, except I can't control things I need to control like the firewood guy cutting a limit of firewood. It's good... because Banished was good... but this doesn't have mods... and it's a bit of a mess.... and... why the fug does it take a villager a month to go and collect some stone... the time seems to just whip by... and I never feel like I'm in control... root cellar for storing food right?... Erm... if I play this for 16 hours I might get a bit of a town going, which is fine, late game Banished was like this, with multiple houses and populations reaching 1000... but... why? I just don't know.
The graphics are nice but completely unnecessary because when do you get to enjoy anything?
I'm playing on pioneer, the easiest setting, if I had enemies in this game... yikes.
 

Squidge
228 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is in early access so there are definitely some issues that I hope get worked out in later builds.

What I love about the game:
1. The aesthetic is cool
2. Building and planning your village is a lot of fun
3. It has the coolest farming system I've seen in a game. Setting up your crop rotations to maximize yield and minimize disease and crop loss could be a game all on it's own.

What I want to see fixed:
1. The game stutters and seems poorly optimized. Once I started getting to 300 population, my frame rate would drop significantly. This is exacerbated during raids.
2. Workers can be extremely inefficient. Buildings can take years to construct even with sufficient workers and resources. Buildings can fall into disrepair even though you have the resources and workers necessary to fix them.

What I would want added in the future:
1. More things to do on the water. I would like to be able to build jetties and piers, and setup barges to transport goods via water.
2. Ways to consolidate workers. A second town center like building that could concentrate villagers around it to make remote industries more efficient would be cool.
3. A building dedicated to repairing. It could work similar to the rat catcher building, except with building repairs and maintenance.

Overall this game is very enjoyable for an early access title, and I'm excited to see how it develops.
 

y6k
192 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Too shallow and close ended game design for me. Not the depth of gameplay I was hoping for. The UI and graphic design are just a tad cartoonish too and I prefer the realism of Banished and Ostriv.
 

Sola Gratia
207 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
You Have Died of Dysentery
 

SneakySnipar
73 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Got raided at the same time my school caught fire. However, during all of this, 14 people graduated.

We educate under any circumstances here at Grundlewood Academy.
 

Call The Banners
354 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Its a good game and you should get it, but wait till its out of early access. I did only do 1 run so far and it been a nightmare after year 4. theirs always SOMETHING going on and it just feels like the game is just trying to kill you. Constant predator, a blizzard every winter follow by a heat wave every summer with constant cold spells during the spring. And buildings lighting on fire all the time especially during a blizzard when no one will put it out. Its a good game, just thats a bit frustrating.
 

nubs
305 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
For current game version (EA 0.7.4), it is hard to decide thumb up or down because there are many things need to rebalance.

Before talking about the game I have to tell about serious technical problem
- Unknown CPU usage 100% during loading screen.
- Game is very lag if the HUGE map size is generated.

What I am satisfy
- Crop system
- Gameplay loop able
- Colony management

Problems
- Too low stone resource, whatever I try to generate map with a lot of rock but still not enough.
- It does not have function to limit maximum resource production. (For example, overproduction of firewood)
- Buildings for earning gold yearly are less than buildings that spending gold yearly
- Villager die from starving while there are plenty of food
- No way to command villager fight back.
- UI too small, I try to scale up to 1.2 but everything mess up.

 

エッチ猫
368 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
28.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Pro: Great game so far, enjoyable, a good challenge and everything you want in a city builder + more.
Con: A little bit framey once you get up to 180-200 pop, but otherwise I can't fault it. (RTX 2060, 32GB DDR4, I7 8900K) Hoping thats fixed in future updates. Some Ui stuff could be improved, but doesnt hinder game play (like selecting multiple assets, setting harvest zones etc - I prefer the zoning in Foundation )

Overall: This game has the management of Banished and a touch of Foundation, with the farming detail of Ostriv, the weather/environmental brutality of Frostpunk with added aggressive wildlife and random raiders who love to come in and pillage your hard earned resources. Its basically every 'good bit' of all the recent city builders put into one game. 9/10!

My first game: Got to year 24. I ran out of firewood and a brutal blizzard came in just at the time i noticed. All but 2 people froze to death! Raiders took out the rest.
 

Spudge
83 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great city builder game with many challenges you face that keeps the game constantly developing and interesting. I absolutely thought that many of the games in this genre, especially those that have been Banished-esque, have been missing something. With the introduction of some of the new features of this game especially having to defend your settlement against forces of nature, animals, and raiders has heightened the experience of the game and created additional challenges but also furthering the genre.

Overall great game especially for early access and I am looking forward to its further development!
 

Frantic Platypus
519 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
174.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A very fun and addictive medieval city builder with a ton of potential. Much akin to Banished but with a lot of depth and more focus on combat.

The economic and societal struggles presented are very fun. It's a challenge on the hardest difficulties to maintain the balance of growing, fighting and collecting all the resources you need. Snaking dirt road tendrils out to grab that much needed resource could leave your colony open to attacks or bring about travel problems- etc..

There is a lot of information in-game about your intake, expenditure and everything to do with resources making it easier to manage your production of items to keep everyone working and happy. Every building shows statistics about its' required needs, how far workers have to travel and what they workers spend most of their time doing. This helps a lot in optimizing how the building pieces work together and making your colony run smoothly. Some of the ways Markets, Root Cellars and Stocking Buildings work together is confusing and has room for improvement.

The combat is very simplistic and there is not much yet- but what's there is good. There is a focus on building defences that align with natural landscapes (Towers on hills) to take on invaders as well as a very simple garrisoning system for pawns that allows you to mount defences or attack wolf dens.

If the combat is expanded upon in a more RTS style, this game has the promise to be something very special. Imagine an army approaching and trying to starve out your colony through siege, so you have to assemble and meet them on the field with varying units and siege weaponry.

There is an abundant amount of promise in what could be- but for now it is a very solid base for a medieval colony building game and worth the price of purchase.
 

PattyMcfly
312 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
79.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A wonderful (early access) city builder with amazing potential.

Currently the game allows the building of quite extensive cities with several production chains ranging from simple subsistence farming to make it through the winter to complex weaponry to fend of raiders. Each year your main goal is survival and security. Gather food for winter, gather arms to fend of the raiders. The building is grid based, but roads are freeform allowing for some very beautiful city designs with curving streets and decorative pieces. The farming has the potential to be very in depth requiring a balance of food crop, field maintenance, fertiliser and cover crops. It requires you to rotate your crops to avoid infestations of disease. Though currently the winning move is just to plant clover followed by whatever food crop you want for the winter.

In short lots of potential but there are obvious flaws.

Where the game can still massively improve is the logistical chains. Currently this is entirely automated and despite there being wagon carts you cannot order them to for example exclusively move foodstuffs from the farm storehouse to the root cellar near the market. This creates massive chokepoints with resources not being picked up from one side of town and never getting to where they need to be.

Some baffling design choices also pop up like honey apparently being an extremely toxic goop in this world because nobody wants to eat it. How a gigantic lake taking up half the map has about 400 fish in it.... total and does not replenish throughout the year. Or the fact grain which if properly stored in a granary can last up to a decade spoils in under a year. Same with cheese which doesn't seem to be capable of lasting a single winter meanwhile I have a 3 year aged cheese in my fridge.

The map generation also seems incomplete as there are maps that generate worlds without vital resources like clay which are absolutely required for any form of functioning city. Or without a single willow bush, which is the sole source of both medicine and baskets which speed up your workers efficiency.

Some of these decisions make sense for the gameplay loop like the spoilage of food stuffs, but it would be nice to actually be able to build up any form of stored foods beyond a single year. Several main preservation methods like fermentation are not present. You can grow cabbages but not turn them into sauerkraut? Ludicrous!

I expect some of my current issues to be worked out, the fishing just seems to be an obvious bug, the honey simply an oversight and others aspects that are deliberate can perhaps be modded,

So to conclude a hearty recommendation, but beware product is polished but unfinished.
 

NoPantsBaby
883 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Solid initial impressions. It feels more like a $50 AAA title than EA from the load screen on. I've played over 600 Grim Dawn hours so I enjoyed Crates other big title.

The pace of the game feels good, resources are harvested and buildings constructed at what feels like a natural pace. I turned the game speed down to 1/2 speed for the first year so I could get familiar with the U/I and game mechanics without crippling my settlement because I don't know the best strategy yet.

I also turned it back down to 1/2 speed after I unlocked the tier 2 buildings because it opens up a lot of new build options and you can't get them all at once. Each year takes 30 minutes real time at normal speed. The game throws new challenges at your town as new ways to counteract and prevent them unlock in the tech tree. I've been playing a lot of Going Medieviel this year and the winters in that colony sim can be cold enough on some days that you have to micromanage each settler and lock them inside. Here, on a deadly cold winter day the villagers all stayed inside on their own.

I made it through year 7 on my first playthrough so far and the town is still alive and has lots more growing to do. I'm playing normal difficulty settings and it has required me juggling resources and responding to crisis events like animal attacks, and then eventually the first raiders came shortly after I built a trading post.
Good atmosphere in the game, the lightning flash followed by thunder, the blowing wind, and howl of a wolf can all be heard over solid atmosheric appropriate music.

Won't be a problem reaching the 1 hour played per $ dollar spent ratio.
 

lencombs
290 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
So as a preface this game isn't terrible for early access. However, there are MANY adjusts that need to happen to this game to make it even remotely "good" in the long run. The first being tech and economic balancing. Locking building materials that you need for level two, at level three production (i.e. you can get iron and gold ore but are unable to smelt it until tier three town hall) is nonsensical, counter intuitive and down right horrendous. Combine this with the rather poor ai and... well yeah. A lot of the economic component falls apart. The game also heavily relies on clay, forcing long supply lines, while at any difficult other than serene, will send a plethora of raiders to destroy you. There isn't a real measure for why there is so many it seems. That and you are unable to afford a standing army, or hell a militia, as taxes are annual and minimal at best. Yet you also have centralized control over all other resources. The game needs to pick an idea and stick to it, and that really is where the development needs to go for the time being.

TLDR: Don't buy if you're looking for a fun city builder until there is a LOT more development and re-balancing. You can manage to eek out some fun but you'd be better served with the many other city builders or even anno in this regard.

Edit 2:

Having seen the update and the receptive nature of the devs, especially to a lot of the current problems with resources, there's a very strong future for this game. Giving this game a dislike is, in many ways, challenging. It is a game I want to love as it can be completely genre defining if it keeps the right path. Combat remains an issue, and I would say one of the weakest portions of the game. The overall benefit of the design is great and I would hold off until a later patch, as the game is still going through a lot of changes.
 

Vaal Mavericus
117 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is almost unplayable. It consistently freezes, lags, etc. Just clicking through the menus has the game lock up for several seconds.

It's far too early to be released. It's too bad, because otherwise the game could be decent.

Other than the lag issues, I find the AI isn't particularly good. There's minimal prioritization and I often find my villagers unable to do basic things because the village is out of logs, but then none of the villagers are bothering to chop down all the trees I've earmarked for harvest, and so things just end up proceeding exceptionally slowly.
 

Magicstix
147 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you like city building games like I do, this game is an entertaining treat. It doesn't offer any special new gameplay elements compared to other games of this genre, but I was impressed by the graphics and the attention to detail. It played smoothly and it was fun to slowly but steadily expand the small village and produce new resources and offer new services to the villagers. You can play it completely peacefully without agrressors or with constantly expanding raider raids and armies. Although it is still in Early Access, you can play for 30+ hours, as in my case, and not be disappointed. I will play it again when it is out of Early Access and look forward to what has developed until then.
 

Sesca
320 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game is fun. Scratches the banished itch, I enjoy the Music.

I'll be honest since this is in early access I would LOVE to see either a mod or expansion with a fantasy D&D atmosphere.

Dwarves, Elves, Halflings, Humans, Gnomes, and Orcs/Goblins/Kobalds. Just building their towns would be so enjoyable. being able to build these civilizations and trade them with one another would be so fun. Plus there's so much to take from D&D or Warhammer 40K would make it so easy to reference and create something truly unique with a similar vibe but with a peaceful and fun creative vision in mind. Any developer or game that does this will have my money.
 

Kyler Key
124 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
started at 9pm thought i'd only played for 2 hours..it's 2am...gud game
 

BetaKay87
161 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Oh wow yes
 

zigzag
453 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
even i still new at this game, i find it quite fun to play
 

awawa
274 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
37.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Will keep an eye on the game in the futur. But so far, crashes too often to be playable.

EDIT: Seems to have been an issue with overlay (Steam and/or Geforce). Fixable client side; but should be look into by the developers when possible.
 

[Hats] cloj63
268 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
AMAZING Civilisation Survival game (but when you have sooo many they all start to look the same - thats my own fault, i am addicted to them HALP!!!)

From the devs that brought us Grim Dawn!

Currently... A little bit TOO hardcore.. and the tutorial could do with a LOT more info (concerning brand new players to the survival civilisation genre - and even people like me... its a bit more confusing than the standard ones - but it has only just launched to be fair!)

Mechanically it plays a **LITTLE** like Banished meets Northland and a few others, but honestly you can only compare it to itself, because it tries (and succeeds) in almost being something completely different than what a survival player has played before

AMAZING JOB!!! Cant wait for updates (where i will update this review as i am able to do so)

WELL DONE!!! (and full price?? 100% worth it!)

10/10 and i never normally give full marks!

P.S a few reviews state or imply that this is a *spreadsheet and info-graphs* game... i agree... there is 100000000000% info graphs and %s etc and no tutorial to explain them

But a review should not be negative JUST for this reason... is it fun? Do you enjoy it? are you prepaired to FIGURE IT OUT ON YOUR OWN UNTIL IT GETS UPDATED? Do you understand that this has ONLY just released in Early Access??? If the answer is yes to any of those questions then deal with it! (and post on the discussion your suggestions and thoughts)
 

The Unknown
558 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Need more wood, my lord!

Farthest Frontier is after a long time a true survival colony builder and you can feel it not just with art-style, but with it's core mechanics which are food and wood. You will feel the struggle of our ancestors, from harsh nature to other, more disagreeable, ancestors.

Resources are well intertwined and T1s does not loose relevancy once you unlock T3s. The game has also strong potential for beauty builders like me,but it is not there yet. It has curved roads which gives your village more natural look, but you are still a slave of a grid. Fortunately design of the buildings is well made and the game outside of building mode almost does not feel that way as most of the structures seamlessly blend with environment. There is a very simple teraforming option "flatten" which I initially did not pay attention to, but it let's you build nice mining outposts or village on the hill and I will fully utilise it on my next playtrough once I find a good seed for it. Which brings me to maps, visually they are amazing and there is reroll and restart option straight from game menu. My only note on that would be water... in 1 our of 5 seeds the lake generation is just ugly or immersion breaking (Either its shape or size). I would also like to commend well written game guide on dev website - read it, the game has a lot of fun mechanics and just from the guide you will know if it is for you or not.

I will not judge the game on what it does not have or should have, I only judge on what it is now. And now it is more than average colony builder worthy of the price tag even in this early access state.
 

Yaan
201 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
88.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great so far. Very few bugs. Graphics make my computer run pretty hot unless I turn pretty much everything to low (but, it's a beta, so improvements a hoped for).
 

Star Paladin
187 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
10 + years of owning steam, and this will be my first review. This game deserves it.
This game is close to the perfect game for me, city builder survival with combat. Ideal. Probably started over 10 games, to get things just right. It's early access, so there tends to be bugs here and there. It's definitely worth buying though, if you have any interest in the genre. Excellent!
Wasn't sure where to post suggestions for the game, but i got a few.
Current game 450 pop, year 27.
Not sure if that's close to end game or not. Here are some of the suggestions i have though.
1. Wall Building- I noticed that i would have to prioritize my walls to be built. I'm sure i just had other tasks that need to be completed. Would be great if you could prioritize multiple walls at once, couldn't find a way to. Selecting individual walls became annoying.
2. Chickens- Chickens would be awesome to add as another food source, feathers could be used to make luxury items, beds, pillows, etc
3. Rat Catcher- Personally found the rat catcher monthly cost a little to high, could just be me though on that one.
4. Council- Adding council members or a mayor would be pretty awesome. Would be a Villager job as well, they would only serve in terms and give bonuses. Could have different categories as well for council. And a few different villagers to select from.
5. Horses- Adding a stables would be sweet, allowing to board x amount of horses. Would love to have a few Soldiers on horses for some extra speed. Had three barracks in my town and yet it still took awhile for my soldiers to reach some points of my town. Especially during raids.
6. Heavy tools- I tend to store some of my heavy tools in the trading post, mostly so i know they are being used wisely. But it would be great once a heavy tool reaches 0% for an icon to show up. Didn't notice my windmill wasn't producing for a entire year.
7. This is more of a bug. I built lookout towers at all my gates, probably had around 10 towers. All filled with guards. Got hit with a Raid, so i do the usual. pause the game, activate the town hall bell and begin to send my Soldiers out. un pause the game to find out my towers weren't shooting at the raiders. So i check the towers and apparently all my guards were on a break, stocking the towers. At every tower. To be noted i also had all the towers built for a few years. I played out the raid, and no guard returned to their tower, during the raid. So that sucked. Not sure if the guards in the lookout tower are connected to the town hall bell or not.

Overall Fantastic game! Big fan! Can't wait to see any new updates. 10/10 for enjoyment.
Thank you
 

Tom Kenny
90 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Loving every minute spent playing it. :)
 

Despectra
18 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
pretty good build a city type game
 

FinesseRick
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Liking this game so far but it really needs more work. I would like to see more services, maybe horses, churches, castles that could be upgraded? I would also like to be able to zoom out further. I understand it's EA, keep up the good work team!
 

Ken Kaniff
15 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A great game for those of us who enjoy building and resource management. Reminds me of Banished, but maybe a little easier. I look forward to future updates and seeing what is added to the game.
I think adding chickens, sheep, and orchards would be awesome.
 

Blood&Diamonds
216 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A very good game for casual city building, something you would play once or twice at most.

My problem with the game, is once you figure out how the systems work, there is no challenge in any aspect, other than waiting. You need to wait for more population, and wait for more traders who could make your progress faster/smoother. Obviously you can optimize within your current city, but from my experience it doesn't make a significant difference in progress or difficulty. The biggest challenge is setting things up, then waiting.

I would expect challenge in managing resources for disease, colonist health, bandit and animal attacks, etc. But you basically just plop down a tower near your stockpile and call it a day. Having more soap, herbs, medicine MIGHT net you a few more population that you wouldn't have, but its hard to notice the difference when you don't have these things. It doesn't seem to impact colonist happiness, and that along with some food surplus is all you need to get more colonist to immigrate or be born.

It's also somewhat frustrating that the tier unlocks are gated behind population count. I thought i would get more hours of playtime doing a very hard start, keeping it small and trying to optimize. However the hard start felt exactly the same as the others (minus a few foraging herbs and variety i could get from trade), and keeping a small village means you never unlock all the buildings and options.
 

sidewinder
245 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Started a new Settlement. Set up the town center. Got attacked by wolves: two villagers infected with rabies RIP 10/10.
Crates take on Banished. Feels like it, but way more promising. Atmospheric graphics, awesome melancholic music and overall great sound design. Get your villagers through the winter, defend against wolves, bears and raiders. Produce goods for your people and to trade and flourish.

Most features already work great, only some polishing is needed. Also, since it's early access the game still has performance issues. Loading games can take a while, which can be annoying if your map seed is missing vital resources and you have to reroll (or toughen up and take it). If you are annoyed by that, maybe wait a bit.

Already incredible fun to play, Potential to waste even more, thumbs up!
 

Kurt1
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
71.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
TLDR; Great game, really fun but in its current state it needs an optimization patch badly. I would recommend waiting until it gets that patch before buying. Even if you have a massively overpowered rig it will still stutter and lag like crazy very early on.

A real shame, the gameplay is fantastic, absolutely love the small mix of City Builder/Survival/RTS but it needs optimization badly. Even with a rig way over the recommended specs this game chugs at 100 villagers which is barely into the game and is almost unplayable at 400. Its not just me, everyone experiences this. You cant even get to the last tier (4) without this being a major issue to anyone with any bit of sensitivity to the changes in FPS/Stutters.
How does a game get released even into early access when you cant get to the final tier of the game without massive stuttering. Also its barely using any of my rigs hardware.
Would love to revisit this game when it is out of early access and the optimization issues are resolved.
 

BeingMal
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
75.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you enjoyed Banished or Dawn of Man this this is the game for you. Be warned, there is one heck of a learning curve on this game so be ready to suffer while you figure it out. If you can get through that there is an amazingly deep game in here.
 

Steefness
256 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Its a fun city builder game but you have to think, plan and focus. music is good the graphics is great all and all a great game. I would say read on your phone a guide while you are playing. the game can feel over whelming.
 

MR IRONMAN
54 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
nice game. needs improvement
 

Remy Jinxs
113 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Banished but now.
 

Kisa
630 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 8
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
solid 5/7
 

aalleluiaa
140 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Closest game to a Banished successor out there. Its still a little rough and needs some work but it functions and plays similar to Banished while still being new.
 

RetroVertigo
294 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Not worth the price YET. Lots of unclear micro-management that just leave you confused (instead of overwhelmed as some city builders tend to do at first, but at least when overwhelmed you know you'll get better at it). The evolution feels weird, you can harvest resources in lvl 2, but cannot use them until lvl 3, which needs a whole bunch of real life hours to do so. The only thing you can do with it is store and/or sell for a while, which feels aimless to grow your city.
I'm not saying it's terrible at all, but as of today it is definitely not worth the current 30€.
 

Outsider
115 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
In short, the game is Banished mixed with the original ANNO's land combat, whilst lacking various quality of life features and overpricing lumber management... all of which makes it needlessly slow to progress for even an experienced survival city builder... especially since there's a building maintenance cost and a lot of things use lumber (it is "realistic").

I suspect this game will put a bad taste in most new players mouths as it'll be overly complex or slow to progress for them... if they cannot get past the annoying lumber management costs or the pain it is to plan trees.

This game is just shy of a grind survival RTS... which I know of no grindy survival RTS games... and I've played most aside from Life is Feudal's RTS as i know the MMO was the most grindy. I hope they they introduce more gameplay modifiers or add a sandbox mode as I am sure that would reduce the barriers the average player would be turned away by. I suspect with the games current challenge, more people will find less challenge in Timberborn and Going Medieval as well as more fun in said games since one can stack structure construction to build whatever they want. I suspect the current reviews are from peoples reviews whom's expectations have been managed and appreciate the current state of the game and are hardcore survival RTS players.

An instance where a custom game setting would be useful is that there is no man vs wild mode, its pacifist where there's nothing bad, another one where bandits show up but there seem to be no bears or bores,,, which have an early game resource you otherwise do not get until much later in the game... and its required to make soap... and early game resource.

For Early Access the game is ok-good.... due to the major shortcoming / unrealistic expense of planting trees thus lumber management. If they let you plant trees on a farm or have a woodcutter that plants and cuts trees then the game would be good-great if not arguably something that could already be out of Early Access... thus it is clear they want to make a trailblazer of a game, as Banished did years ago and the ANNO's pre-release to ANNO 2070 did. This game encourages city beautification that most other city builders don't do and an example of its realism for resources you have to till fields and actually build wells for citizens to leverage water for drinking, production, farming, and of course putting out fires... and a well can run dry... while it won't be news to most, similar games only use water to put out fire... save for Timberborn, which is less brutal on its hardest setting than this game is due to bandits attacks and the lumber issue... which Timberborn thankfully does trees right. This game seems ready to be Banished with land defense combat and for realisty city-building... which will really build multiple village building if you are on a large map... which will be harder to do until they make wagons able to establesh your own trade routes between your own wearhouses.

Currently the game has a needlessly complex and expensive tree/lumber system compared to all other games. It costs 1 gold ingot to plant a tree... but at first glance that cost looks like a wood plank as the game introduces planks first... the distinction is clear if you take a closer look. Tree's currently are only under decorations and thinks like work camps don't have the ability to plant... only harvest. Farms do not have a tree option either so there's no easy way to manage lumber to expand fast. Thankfully trees grow faster than in real life but don't expect a yield for years... If you want to cancel or prioritize a decorations construction, you have to manually click the item and click the according box.... Oh yeah, and field fertility and soil composition matters for the crops you grow... so it is a hardcore strategy thus without modding the game will be very niche as it'll be too difficulty without the ability to dumb it down for most.

The game has a seemingly intricate resource management system where I could see someone building multiple settlements spaced out on one large map... but the most basic resource being so hard to acquire.
 

A.R.M.
3,461 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Very fun city builder with great visuals. If you like Banished, Saelig, Going Medieval or Foundation then definitely give this a go. Highly replayable with different map types and unlimited procedurally generated seeds.

Classed as early access but Farther Frontier is much more polished than 99% of Early Access games, and definitely more than many of the "full release" games out there.
 

Lord Cail
77 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Banished + Dawn of Mans love child.

Managed to get to 842 population on my first playthrough on the lowland lakes map medium difficulty. I have now just started a new map on hard difficulty on the hardest biome. Great game so far even in early access! Totally worth it!
 

Hooch
300 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 6
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
One of the best city builder game i ever played. There is no seting max resources limit. Because of that managing some resourses are very exhausting, you constantly checking resources tab. Lvl 2 Hunter Lodge has a bug that you can't change the trap amount, it always set to 4 back when you close the panel. I think auto upgrade for houses is great and it should also aplied with other structures.
 

iTouch
204 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
84.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 5
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Beautifully detailed and yet undemanding graphics and color scheme with soothing music make this a game I can truly relax with and enjoy for hours in my down-time. Adaptable to several play-styles from 'micro-managey' to combat-focused to a relaxing sand box experience. Well balanced and engaging game mechanics. I'm still impressed with the detail when zooming right into the action. Beware: Very addictive. Expect the hours to race by!
 

verityjones
32 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 5
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a relaxing and engaging city builder with gorgeous scenery and good music. The setting is ambiguous, somewhat reminiscent of pre-industrial European mixed with American frontier, and at first I was put off as I prefer city builders to have firmer historical and cultural roots. But the gameplay is just so engaging that I forgot my early critiques and just went with it.
It's very enjoyable starting new maps and trying to use everything I've learned to build better cities. But the level of complexity that increases with a town's progress is also well-balanced and fun. I was delighted that after reaching a tier 3 city I was still seeing new tradable goods appear, so I'm very impressed at the work and detail that's being put into the game.
Oh, and how can I forget the crop-rotation system? It's a very nice touch.
All in all, great game and I heartily recommend.
 

FireNoggin
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
126.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 4
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
it's a great colony builder that feels almost like micro-managing a city in Civ 6. but it's early release, so it's still got a lot of issues. there's some bad memory leaks. at a colony of around 600 with all the shops and houses, it starts to get super stuttery. even dropping my settings down to where the game looked EGA, it was still stuttering super bad, so I know it wasn't on my end.

sometimes fishing zones will disappear. the trader screen will bug out sometimes and clothing will start blinking on and off the menu. I had a boar attack one of my farmers and then hit Warp 7 in retreat. pretty sure there was a sonic boom.

and there's plenty of things that need adding in. a Mass Cull button for orchards or a setting to automatically replant. or automatically rebuild certain zones, or at least mass rebuild. so I don't have to select each piece of fence individually when the raiders bust it up. soldiers that are either easier to control or smarter. it sucks when my city's getting ransacked and a soldier just decides to leave combat to go try and find some arrows somewhere. you have a sword, buddy. use it. I made it just for you.

bugs and desperately needed quality of life adjustments aside, I've still had a super enjoyable 83 hours so far!
 

BOMBSHELL
42 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Visuals: Good. I like building design but I'd love to have more realistic visual of their construction.
Music: Good but rather repetitive. Not many games I opened for the first time just to sit back and listen to the music like this.
Game mechanism: Still lacking many function but is overall playable.
Challenge: Pretty forgiving on Normal difficulty imo. Not sure if it's because I had already optimized my town design on my first run on easy mode.
Length: Rather short now on v0.7.5. Also I think it lacks late game viability atm.
Replayability: Map generation is good. Apparently no map editor though.
Overall experience: 7/10 on v0.7.5
 

SickLee
35 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 4
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Something to fill in the void while you are waiting for Manor Lords
 

NoNoWire
333 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 3
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Bad optimized. Lag spikes everywhere. My computer is on fire with higher than the recommended system requirements.
Collecting stone also sucks.
 

Fudgehog
196 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Reminds me of games like stronghold 2, just it doesnt have a campaign yet, and i hope it does when the game is fully released
 

Santospirito007
61 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 31
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Basically [BANISHED] on steroids
 

uzu
174 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 31
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
it gives a challenge that many of the other games in the genre doesn't offer
 

SkalyGhost
16 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 4
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After playing for 8 hours. i have to say time flies when playing this. Its very fun and amazing to build the medieval village of your dreams. I wish the creator would add a church/cathedral. other than that its 10/10
 

Mishka
27 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 31
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I have nothing but good things to say about this game. I've been looking for a city building game for a while that checked off some of my boxes that I've struggled to find in similar games. This game truly exceeded my expectations.

To begin with, I find the graphics to be truly stunning. When zoomed out looking at your city from afar, the surrounding landscape is beautiful. It really feels like you've settled in the raw wilderness of the time period, covered in old and new growth forests, fields, and wildlife. Zooming in, there are tons of details in both placed objects and the existing natural ones. I am a longtime lover of open world games, and although this game revolves around town management, there is a level of open-world vibes due to the surrounding landscape and endless options for expansion and cultivating from the natural resources.

When it comes to game-play, I feel like the developers were incredibly thoughtful. The menus are fairly easy to navigate and straightforward. Something I appreciate is that there isn't an overwhelming amount of things to worry about, especially at the beginning stages. It's realistic in the sense that it takes time to open up more options for resources, food production, housing, etc. It also doesn't take too much time to grow your town to a point where you can expand to these second tier options. I also enjoy that so far, it seems like the third tier is much harder to unlock. There's a great balance with the limits. It never feels unattainable to get ahead, but it also isn't easy and takes a lot of time and planning to advance. This allows for hours upon hours of engaging play. So far I've played for 17 hours , and I'm nowhere near unlocking those high level upgrades. At the same time, I've got so much other stuff to focus on that it doesn't feel like a hindrance in the slightest.

In regards to the citizens, I really haven't run into any major issues like I have often encountered in similar games. They act, work, reproduce, and operate realistically. There's definitely challenges that arise in managing them, but not in a way that takes away enjoyment for me as a player.

Although this game is in early access, it feels thoroughly fledged out. I've encountered other games before that are definitely still in the process of working through major kinks, but that isn't the case here. My biggest hope is that the devs continue on this trajectory and expand the game further and further allowing for more abundance of options within career fields/resource collection etc. Also, would definitely love a bunch more decor to build in my town :)
 

raysadbury
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 30
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Well, i have build my first town and i'm satisfied.
Game experience reminded me "Ceaser iii" i walk thru about 20 years ago (guess, other games from that Sierra's series is very close too, didn't see them).
Backbone of the game work very nice, but you wont have any goal in process. I dont think there is any mean to complain about ingame motivation or endgoal, it's early access after all.

A key issue right now is absence of realtime monitoring for prodaction and consuption volume in a city - very hard to count how much prod level of each one you need at the moment and history do not provide sufficient inf.
And also market do not providing any automation in trade operations. Only your own hands. Very sadly, coz it's an important to set stabil and calculable raw supply.

btw
And where a damned three-field system?
Why you cant use wheat winter planting and get a crop in a sping?
Cattle also need to include in crop rotation - it's a very important part of circle. In spite of they can improve soil right now (im was in a little surprise) they cant use fallow phase to sufficient meal :/
Also we are really need pigs for utilisation of spoiled foods as now them just dissapears. We just cant act in middle ages without pigs, it's nonsence. :)
 

Care bus
118 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 30
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Absolutely amazing city builder

A lot of content. Pretty good graphics and few bugs for early access

Definitely recommend this one
 

[TBR] Spicy Boi
343 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 30
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Fun game so far. I would like to see a multiplayer option.
 

trevorabn
128 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
263.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 28
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Banished 2 is great.
 

Stout
213 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 28
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great game with interesting mechanics. Will be interesting to see what they add next.
 

Netpirate76
202 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
been playing for about 4-5h and I enjoyed it very much! Quite easy to figure out what you need and when
 

Biopat
30 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
110.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 28
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Part Banished, part Ostriv, Part Anno with a little Rimworld sprinkled in. It's by far the most beautiful city builder out there. The seasons change, the forests grow back. You feel like you're in a living breathing world. It's got all the best parts of the best games in it's genre. I've already put in over 40 hours in just a few days, it's that good. And it will only get better as they add more to it!
 

GeneralKayoss
113 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I can play this game for hours even though it is still in progress. Some parts do need work but it is an overall great game and will hopefully get more content soon. I would love to see bridges, new crops, more building upgrades, and different animal like pigs, chickens, etc.
 

Gr1myth
22 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
159.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's a pretty game. It's a time consumer and keeps ya busy af. And, it can be annoying af due to having to restart ya town due to the bugs and patches. Give it a few months to a year and maybe come back to it.
 

Sivaas_
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The game is fun, i really miss games like Caesar 3 or other old city building games. This game has that vibe in it. Would rate 10/10 if it didn't had the food system this weird, but it annoys me a bit so it's 9/10
 

Sami
547 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Once you get like 300 villagers the game becomes quite literally unplayable.

 

Shrimp
101 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Banished 2.0
Still trying to figure out all of the stuff you can do but a lot of fun figuring it out.
 

calibrate
478 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Fun game so far and the updates are not small its actually worth waiting and devs actually look and respond to feedback! Hope the devs keep up the momentum
 

Witkind
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I'm still learning this game, running on I guess would be the easiest level. So far I'm liking it. I'd highly recommend it for people who have enjoyed Surviving Mars, Surviving the Aftermath, or Banished.
 

TTV TheGeekette_
265 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you liked Banished, dawn of man, and settlement survivor, then this is up your alley. Surprisingly polished for early access, with a few kinks to work out.

If you do try it out, know that your first town will likely fail. Learning the tech tree and how to anticipate problems before they arise is the challenge of the game. Once you get through that, raiders will grow increasingly more threatening, providing further challenge.
 

Moose
242 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
tl;dr:
Holy crap does this game have potential. If you like Banished, Farthest Frontier succeeds in not only walking the same path, but takes it...*ahem*...further. FF has more complex production chains, better late-game progression, and a stronger presentation overall when compared directly to Banished. However, bugs, optimization, and balance issues at writing (26/8/22) mar what is an otherwise rock-solid product. My problems with FF can be summed up as Early Access syndrome, which can be a relatively easy series of fixes. So if you're on the fence, I'd recommend giving it 6-9 months to bake in the oven, otherwise, at only $30 definitely grab this gem.


The Good:


Presentation:
When it comes to how the game looks and sounds, FF knocks it out of the park. The rolling landscape fluctuates beautifully between the seasons, nailing the apprehension that comes with the threat of winter looming. Once teeming idyllic ponds freeze over, cutting your access to easily collected fish. Lush valleys from which you once harvested the gifts nature provides wither, die, and then decay. Just watching my city grow and people mill about their day while years pass is enchanting. And the music. The f#@%ing music. It's delightful, rich, and folk-y. FF executes the look and feel of managing growing settlement on a distant, unforgiving frontier with an honest and subdued style that fits perfectly.

City Progression:

As your small collection of houses barely scrapes by it's first few winters inevitably develops into a functioning city or starves to death, you will come to find a large selection of products your citizens will need and buildings that produce them. FF's buildings progress from ramshackle wooden structures to towering steeples of beautiful brick, giving a great sense of a growing city. Upgrading rewards one with more efficient, better looking versions and some buildings even unlock new production recipes, allowing you to grow towards self-sufficiency. Going from a vulnerable small town barely able to feed itself to a fully walled city with it's own professional garrison clad in full plate with crossbows and heavy weapons is extremely satisfying.

Challenge:

Similar to Dawn of Man, FF will have the player face enemy raiders, singularly intent on plundering what they can, burning what they can't, and killing everything else. They will start in small bands of maybe a dozen men or so, but eventually they will number well over 100, and eventually an army of 100’s might roll by with siege weapons demanding payment. To counter this, FF has an (at current overly) simplified RTS system as well as fortifications to defend your citizens. Raiders, predators, and starvation form the core of what makes the difficulty in FF satisfying yet it rarely feels cheap.

The Bad:


Bugs:

At-date I've been encountering a repair-related bug when it comes to the 'condition' of buildings. Buildings will take condition damage from environmental effects and general decay, which is fair enough. Repairing buildings, however, can sometimes cost between 120%-200% of the initial resources to build it. Builders also seem to ignore repairing buildings, which ends up being a blessing due to the costs, but low health buildings will be condemned, abandoning them until repaired, or they eventually collapse. The whole system related to that seems to be bugged right now. You can fix this by using the relocate tool but it's tedious as all hell, and you have to do every single winter.

Balance:

- No Forester. No cap, it's just missing. The very basic foundation of your economy is your ability to produce enough firewood for the winter; it doesn't matter if it's year 1 or 100, you will always need wood for firewood. Clearly, no solution to this problem.

-No Quarry. Stone. You will need lots of it. Staggering amounts if you wish to build fortified stone walls. This is where the devs seem to be in two minds: one party seeks to make stone a finite resource on the map requiring trade long term, the other wants monolithic stones on the map with 15,000 stone each. Having stone deposits that function the same way to other deposits and mined with a quarry is a simple solution.

-Farming. To be honest, the way FF manages farming has a lot of merits, but even just sustaining fertility levels requires sub optimal food growing patterns and using manure, and growing the fertility effectively gives the field a 30%-40% reduction in actually growing food.Keeping it high is time consuming, with minimal gain, while low fertility is terrible for yields.

-Transportation. All of the storage facilities should have dedicated workers, full stop. FF relies right now mostly on the producers of said goods and labourers to do this job, which is effective in small scale. "Wagons!" I hear you cry, "Build more wagons!" and you are correct, but again, in small scale. Wagons carry goods one way, returning to their barn once completed. But they do no carry any resources anywhere on their return journey, even if convenient. Wagons are slower than people on foot, even on cobbled roads. There is no alternative to the wagon. If your problem cannot be fixed with more wagons, your problem cannot be fixed.

Optimization:
It's difficult to think of many creative ways of saying 'it's bad' without just doing so. While not catastophically bad, populations above 150 tend to chug in my experience and while it can be pushed to 500+ levels, the frames suffer thusly. Your mileage may vary as this is so hardware dependent, but I have full confidence this will be addressed as the game develops.

The Rest:


Wagons:
Holy f%#k do I hate these wagons. Yes, they carry more, but they do so very slowly. One might think a cobbled road would be fantastic for a cart and provide a huge bonus to their speed, but no. Either give me a speed/capacity trade off in game, or rework their AI. 3rd and 4th levels for roads that buffed wheeled movement speed disproportionately more than foot traffic would also be cool.

Progression Cont.

For a game as complex as FF, it's kinda strange they have literally one housing option. The other is the temp. shelter that is used by your people once per year. No options for increased density, like, idk, a second story. No land-hungry farmsteads that might grow their own crops al la Ostriv. Hell, one can't even directly upgrade homes with something like insulation. I hope they expend on this. Also, a tier V town center with related housing/production upgrades and tech tree would be fantastic. I want late-game sprawling palaces and decadent cathedrals.

Conclusion.

I fully intend on revisiting this review in the said 6-9 months to give some updates but nonetheless, I'm confident in saying this game has a bright future. I think the development team is on the right path and has every intention to see this to release, and what a release that hopefully will be. So I think you should buy it, because, honestly, you're worth it. And you should treat yourself every once and a while, you know? $30 isn't much, really. But regardless of your decision, your friends and I are very proud of you. <3

Thanks for reading
 

Snappy Feet
266 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
255.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I can't stop... I can't... stop. Nearly 120 hours into writing this review, and I have such a difficult time putting it down! Why is this game so brutally addicting even if I find myself looping into the same process of restarting a whole new settlement even after having developed an extraordinarily prosperous one?

From the developers who brought us Grim Dawn, an ARPG which pretty much exceed all expectations of the typical dungeon crawler, they went and switched gears to a survival/city sim with light strategy elements. I never would expected such a diverse, albeit welcome, change in scope. I wishlisted this game a while ago after reading a PC Gamer article about the editor's experience in this game about how he became a beehive honey tycoon, and suddenly lost it all from a perfectly timed and executed heist by barbarian raiders. It was at that moment I thought to myself, "This game sounds incredible. I HAVE to play this."

And so here we are, Early Access, and what do I think?

It's hard to even compare this game with anything else even if I do see and feel similar mechanics at play: It feels like Tropico, but it's not. It reminds me of the Settlers series, but has so much more going into it than that. It has the rewarding feeling of just sitting down and playing Age of Empires and watching a once quaint settlement nestled in the wild frontier become a glorious bastion of humanity. The game has just the right amount of challenging aspects to deal with to keep you engaged and interested: keep your people fed and clothed. Make sure there is always a surplus of firewood else your entire colony dies of exposure and hunger from now being able to be kept warm and fed. Ensure an arsenal of bows and arrows, as well as weapons are always at hand to fend off fearsome wildlife and even wilder, hostile barbarians and raiders.

And at the tail end of it all, immerse yourself in blissful escapism much like the people who have dedicated themselves a physical room in their home endorsed completely to a particular hobby and just forget about the world you live in and enjoy a new, awesome, exciting one.

This game has so many layers that even when I think I've got it figured out, something else comes up I hadn't thought of, experienced or tried. Anyone who's even marginally interested should check this game out, because there's so much to enjoy, right now. I'd been wanting a game like this one for so long and I'm still somewhat amazed that it's actually here to enjoy. Even I was a bit anxious about paying whatever its current Early Access price, but even still playing this game as strong and eagerly as I have now, I can't wait to see what this game's future has in store.

Here's to a brave new world; I hope you all take your first step into this journey as well.
 

Aardcore
352 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Still too buggy unless you're meant to not be able to effectively manage your actual settlers/workers. Simple things like ensuring buildings are maintained or how come some workers just up and leave certain positions appointed to them when they are still fit to work those jobs. There's plenty more but don't feel like diving into a long rant.
 

speedotorpedo91
43 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I really enjoy this but it needs some time in the oven. There are performance issues as your city grows (despite having a pretty high end PC) with framerate drops. There are some annoying bugs with maintenance, such as building condition not showing up and when you reload game *poof* all your stuff is condemned or about to be. Builders are supposed to maintain automatically but it's finicky and they won't do the work unless you have all the resources - which can be quite a lot when you have a large city, so they won't even start fixing stuff. You can 'relocate' buildings to clear the status at the cost of labor - which is a bit cheesy and tedious. Logistics could use some love too, because the AI logic in some instances is just dumb and won't put stuff where it should go. For example you may have a stockpile full of ore right next to foundry but your foundry guys leave every production run to go get 1 or 2 pieces from the nearby mine rather than filling a nearby wagon to load up the input queue. Some more manual tweak options with wagons for how goods are delivered and where would be great. The combat needs some work as well - sort of zergy and could use better control for deploying your soldiers.
 

Shuklack
376 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Good game with huge potential, but frustrating because of unfinished/buggy mechanics.
Enjoyable in planning and build settlement, but prioritising building queue and villagers tasks/jobs management don’t really work.
Bug that makes me rage quit the game - Suddenly half of huge town get status “damaged structure of building” without warning. (repeatable)
Once all my villagers hide themselves in their houses for months and died because of lack food and fire wood.
No information about idle villagers (in production houses, when lack of resources).
Trap fields near lakes (villagers can’t move out, and die).
Some buildings and upgrades are ignored by builders and stay unfinished for years, even prioritised.
And lot more…
At this moment, mostly because of “damaged structure” bug game is unplayable (or unenjoyable) after few ingame years.
I keep fingers crossed for dev’s to finish this game.
 

kfjasteg
89 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Enjoying it so far =)
 

DarkRaven
38 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Even in its early access state it is still one of the best (of not the best) city builders which I have a chance to play.
 

Riwik
177 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Been really enjoying the game, customer support is on point. Can't wait to see what this evolves into over time.
 

charl.nigrini
33 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
In-depth. Took me a while to figure out building distancing. Over all satisfied with this game and will continue to play for many hours I am sure.
 

SoupyBum
64 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Very fun, and calming. I love a game where you get to design your own village.
 

bennyshaps
3 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
45.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you like games like Anno, Banished, Timberborn or Foundation you'll feel right at home here. Maybe still a litte rough around the edges as there are some (minor) bugs at times, but a reload will fix most of them.
 

tracer_tong
103 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
For being at such an early stage, the game has a great base to build from. In its current state, it is still a very solid city builder, its very fun. I hope the developers continue to work on it and look forward to what they will add/change
 

The Duke of Stench
279 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
In current state - solid classic town simulator experience with plenty amount of bugs. Remind me of Settlers somehow. Lacks of plenty in every gameplay aspect, but despite this- it is fun.

Support Crates if you can, Grim Dawn growed from EA in a gem and this game can do the same.
 

kkk
730 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
198.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game basically Banished 2.0 Some of the systems can still use some work, but for the most part it is well thought out and works well. My issue with Banished was that there was never an external threat (bandits etc) and this solves that problem by adding attackers every few years... and they do get quite tough.

Some of the other comments talk about the Tier 2->Tier 3 balance and I find myself agreeing - there are Tier 2 buildings that will not function until you have Tier 3 achieved. I think this should be addressed. As it is, the barrier to Tier 3 is harder to achieve than the barrier to Tier 4.
 

Ghallo
326 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
75.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
very cool game, wait for early access to finish before buying. too many bugs once you have a large village.

a lot of things need to be flushed out before this game becomes fun at late game.
 

Hurbaga
241 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's actually very solid and I do recommend it.
 

Noa
331 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
122.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
this Game needs more improvement, but great game, i recommend this.
 

♠Bert♠
11 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Nice game, can't wait to see what future updates will have installed
 

BarkVal
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Hands down the game of the year for me. I would love to see more content, perhaps extend it to modern eras?
 

jooshpak
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
fun game
 

Taco Dino
224 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
649.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
One of the better city building/survival games I have played. Great graphics and realistic features. Highly recommended.
 

mturan
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Best resource management, city building survival game ever! Every sims can be controlled. The game is so real.
 

risyiu
57 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
There is major performance issues with this game. A lots of freezing, 5 minute loading screens and 1 crash so far. Once all theses issues will be fixed, I can recommend this game.
 

Drizzt
245 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
OKAY! so 40 hours played 15 percent of that is keeping the damn deer out of my "kingdom" Put Up Walls they faze right threw it put up fences YEAAAAA RIght there hell bent on your crops no wall keeps them out its kinda funny inna way.
i think there should be guard posts to put around your village for when raiders show up and maybe an auto deploy troops for when said raiders show up clicking the barracks gets old especially if you have 2 or more the graphics are great till you get to a bigger city then your fps tank and constant stuttering i turned all my graphics to low and stuttering still persisted.


pros.
1.kills time.
2.fun when being raided.
3.easy to get started as long as you build your houses around market
4.easy to get lost in RP (pretending your a king)

Cons.
1.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time bending deer.
2.if you don't have enuff people walls cant be built to keep the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ deer out.
3.deer are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
4.there are deer.
5.to big of a city causes stuttering and fps drop.
6.you need to upgrade your townhall to level 4 to smelt iron ingots and gold ingots.
 

Canadiangamer9678
207 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
98.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Year 106. Sitting on 100k gold, was at about 980 population. 4-5 years in a row now lost 40-60 people a year during winter because there is almost 0 wood left on the map and traders havent brought any in 7-10 years.

Overall a very addicting game, but needs a lot of work on resources.

8/10
 

MrKapkan
20 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I don't usually like sim city builders, but this game is really well made and I can't wait to see how it will develop further.
 

sebiYAO
43 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
67.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Really enjoying this game. Challenging, beautiful, relaxing, entertaining. Can't wait for more!
 

Aurray
55 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
171.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great city builder; somehow improved on the classic game 'Banished'
 

provomike84
138 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
im giving this a thumbs up because it has serious potential. good bones, if you will. if they tweak the building satisfaction element it will be playable. but as it stands... no matter how I build my town, with gardens and a theater, a healing hut and all... they still choose to go homeless. seems retarded that somebody would choose to abandon a beautiful garden rich home because they only have 2 food types to eat. Now they are homeless and still eating the same. frustratingly stupid.
 

Nova773
158 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Played strat and city builder games for a long time (15+ years). This one checks a lot of boxes. While similar to other survival town builders this offers a great new look at food & farm management. The trading aspect is great- while probably needs some balancing. the raiders and wildlife pose a nice challenge. i highly suggest new or casual players start on the easy mode; this game can get frustrating quickly if one does not read into it. trailblazer is actually fairly difficult until you get past your first few maps. Game definitely can use some better tool tips, UI and help/tutorial. so far im going to give it 9.5/10.
 

OneHandedROBO
11 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
109.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW

I don't wanna exaggerate how good this game is but I bought it like 36 hours ago and have 21 hours gameplay now! Still first savegame, this is so much fun. High Wusel-factor! Greetz from an old Anno player!
 

Loki_(GER)
78 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
[7/10 -★★★★★★★☆☆☆] I want to love this game!
[Needs a LOT of polish]

▲The gameplay is clean
▪No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you settle your city center and start building!

▲Neat tech tree
▪The diversity is great but I think it's a bit unbalanced ATM, the forge is at tier 3, but lots of tier 2 needs forge products to operate... while you can buy what you need through the dealer, gold isn't easy to come by, and the jump to tier 3 is way harder than to tier 2, so I really believe it needs rebalancing.

▲No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ battle!
▪You can kite, you can pinch the enemy, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, simple and intuitive.

▲Soundtrack is excellent!
▪The ambient noise is really good!
▪The music fits the atmosphere!

▼HORRIBLE PERFORMANCE
▪C'mon, this game could be released in 2012 and it wouldn't be anything new, it has the right formula to attract those who love this kind of game, but the performance is for now, terrible, (5800x, 32GB, 2080ti, SSD)
▪The performance and lag spikes are UNACCEPTABLE for any era, I get it that this is still early access, but it's clearly a HUGE buffer being cleaned and rewritten on action causing these kind of lag spikes, and when you click any entity that opens a new window, I feel like it's fetching data on the go causing tremendous overhead on the entity index access or something like that, it seems DEVs really need to work on their buffers and optimize their assets...
Batch processing?
Are instances out of view still active?

▼Some nonsensical AI
▪Even though I had wells and plenty of water, a FISHERMAN, died of DEHYDRATION while fishing... just WTF?

Anyway, I really hope this game turns out to be fantastical, it has tremendous potential, it's just the performance issues that breaks it for me, but I'm sure it'll get figured out soon enough.

Cheers and success for you guys! <3
 

Kimba
210 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
90.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A lovely game to play, graphics are nice to watch and the mechanics are easy to follow. My only gripe is the wood collection, you need it for near everything and I never seem to be able to have enough.
 

allmanste
71 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Absolutely stunning details! Requires a lot of planning skills and foresight to play this game. Your management skills will improve as you progress in the game. Highly recommended! 10/10
 

Gwynbleidd
25 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game has a huge potential. Right now you just have to keep in mind it's early access.

Performance issue, bugs and crash can happen. They also need to balance the ressources.

Overall it's already really fun to play and it looks very good!
 

BobWolf
312 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a nice game in the style of Banished. If you liked Banished, you'll like this game. There are more commodities/actions for your villagers in Farthest Frontier and more complexity in things like farming than in Banished. My biggest gripe with the game is that the game speed doesn't go any higher than 3x, which means from Sept-Feb there isn't much to do since you're just waiting for the traders to show up and your villagers take a holiday and quit working. It'd be nice if you could go up to 5x or 10x just so you could skip that part.

Really a fun game though, and has that "just one more year" quality that only some games have.
 

nickvans
64 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great game for the first 10 or so hours, it then degenerates into a starvation manager. Despite having all my storage upgraded with barrels, loads of storage, loads of farms at 0% weeds and correct soil adjustments, loads of barns with full herds and slaughtering excess etc my food stocks are always complaining that there is not enough. Gets boring after that as it seems impossible to stabilise this mechanic. I will revisit this comment and update if and when its fixed (I do realise its Early access and hoping this comment/review gets noticed by the devs)

Further items that I think would improve the game:

- People dont seem to harvest trees I marked using harvest, even though I have 32 free laborers.
- Finding a specific building in a mass of similar looking buildings is tedious.
- Work camps dont seem to work on trees I planted from the decorations panel.
- You allow us to prioritize single building site but no way to do this on a block. Same thing for adjusting number of laborers for a building site. Allow us to mark a section of building site to have priority and max builders.
 

Zanzibarwinds
198 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
promising game i hope more expanding comes.
 

livjoory
18 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
While still in early release so some minor bugs, the gameplay is fantastic and the graphics are beautiful. A great survival city builder/management game.
 

JimmyRHigh
15 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is a very fun and easy to learn, with a lot to find out and a lot to do. The detail of realism is what makes this game what it is.
 

BoBByWeeSocKs
30 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A more refined Banished, with a lot more gameplay. 9/10
 

vio.BonumLudum
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A new generation of Banished is here. Farthest Frontier takes the concepts from Banished and iterates with new mechanics like crop fertility/rockiness etc. The graphics, audio and environmental design are top notch and Crate Entertainment has a long history of supporting their previous games. All in all highly recommended if you are looking for a relaxing city builder!
 

Protagoras
404 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you want a TLDR: Visually very pleasing game that has very good ideas and mostly good gameplay but its suffers from weird performance issues, some basic features one would think should be in a game these days and some truly baffling enemy placement/attacks.

Right now, unless your really craving for some city builder action you should think carefully about buying this game.
As for the good and bad.

The good:
- It very much has a Banished (the game) feel to it in a good way with all the resource managing one can ever want.

- Its a REALLY nice looking game and it set the tone of "starting a new life" kind of feel.

- The sound design is top notch from the music to the nature sounds. The only thing that might get a bit cluttery is the village work sounds as its end up turning into a complete cacophony of metal clangs and wood cutting noises which strains the ears a little.

- Has very good gameplay loop that can even be relaxing at times but will still demand thinking which is nice.

- Resource management is rewarding and actually rewards you for thinking ahead. Especially the crop rotation system.

- Nice customizable difficulty options allow you to play the game the way you want.

- The UI and controls is clear and concise for the most part, of course there area few areas that might need some work but overall very good.

- The addition of combat and actual threats is a very nice touch and adds a whole new set of things and resources to worry. (However, the way raids work right now is not done that well.)

The bad
- The performance is weird to say the least. The game seems to extremely heavy on your CPU at least in my case causing my PC to even blue screen once. Opening almost any and all UI windows like buildings or information tabs stutters the game quite badly.

- While all the buildings look very nice, they are very hard to identify once your town gets large enough. I found myself looking around at time wondering if I had built that one production building somewhere in the mass of other structures which was a bit frustrating.

- I think everyone and their mother has said this but the game really needs a tutorial. Im a pretty avid city builder and strategy game player but with a game this complex having no one to tell you what some the buttons on some buildings do and how one should even start up their own village was a trial and error session of 1 - 3 hours which I'd rather pass in any game.

- The worker AI needs some serious work (pun intended). Jokes aside though, they have a very hard time building certain structures like walls and fences and for some reason will always focus making roads first unless they decide that they are "unable to work" while standing on the construction site with the resources they need to finish the build in their hands.
It is very tedious to at time just babysit them as they waddle around like headless chicken and you need to manually prioritize structures 1 by 1 so the workers remember that they have a job to do.

- Now, while I do praise the UI and controls in "the good" section there are some things it is lacking. Firstly, the camera is slow for how big your town can become which would be fine if there was a minimap... Secondly, the lack of a minimap or a map at all. The terrain itself and the size of your town start to get very large after hitting like 150 people that it takes a solid 10 - 20 seconds to travel from one end to the other which doesn't sound bad till you do it for the 20th time.

- Lastly the bandit raids. I do not know if it just me but the raiders seem to spawn out of thin air (once even into my walled off gold mine) and the annoying thing is that there 90% absolute no warning that they are there until they start hacking away at your walls. This wouldn't be an issue but these raiders have already destroyed a watchtower and have lost 10 guys doing it... I seem to find out about them more often by the fact that one my villagers decides to open one of the gates the bandits a hacking down only to get turned into minced meat in a second giving me the notification that "a villager was killed". What is the point of watchtowers if the guys "watching" will just shoot 6 bandits and then go back to eating his smoked fish and wont alarm anyone. This could be my tower placement or something like that but if your decide to buy the game be weary of this stuff. (also you can just turn the raids off which is nice)

All that being said, its a great game as long as it doesn't melt my PC or para drop raiders into my gold mines and tells me 2 minutes later.

7/10
 

Optionski
314 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Warning:
Game is Early Access as stated (0.7.4 at the time of this review) which means you will encounter tons of bugs, even game breaking ones and non-existent optimization.
So if you expect 100 hours of new content and no bugs, yea, this aint for you.
Furthermore, this game is NOT EASY, so if you expect that, again, this aint for you.
And lastly, trading is the key factor in this game, so if you have problem with that, well, you know it already...

That being said, i had a blast in the last week since it's release.
Game has really great complexities already, lot of thinking is needed and unlike most city builder/survival, here you can easily mess up even if you dont realize it at the beginning.
Resources are limited, to be precise, you need a lot of different types and it is almost guaranteed you will miss 1 or 2 of those if not more.
This has to be countered by trading so you have to build your economy depending on what your map offers you resource wise.
The food generation (especially the farming mechanic) is really well designed and while not overly complicated, certainly not a toss down a farm, jobs done forever.
The raiding mechanic is also well designed even in current state.

Game is definitally in a good spot and the devs are very active on both at steam forum and their own, addressing issues and providing feedbacks/remarks.

For me, totally worth the price, even ithe current very buggy state.
Cant wait to see where it will develop once we reach 1.0 and potential DLCs.
 

HunApo
70 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great game cant wait to see what else comes, Banished but more polished and easier trading and raiders and defence which adds another cool element, seasons, farming, so much for a beta! buy it if you like survival sims. its a no brainer
 

MaRsH@|lL
379 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
73.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 19
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
For a game that just launched into Early Access, Farthest Frontier is off to a tremendous start.

As with any game near launch these days, there were a few bugs out the gate but the developers have already provided two rounds of hotfixes (with a third on the way) that cover both the nastiest bugs and are also providing QoL improvements, new content and a dash of optimization.

Unlike most games near to their launch into EA, the level of polish on their content and systems is tremendous! Building models (and the building process) is incredibly detailed, multiple heatmaps (fertility, water, desirability) are incredibly helpful in planning out town placements, and the farming system is deep enough to scratch that Banished itch.

Not to mention, the soundtrack is absolutely stellar.

The influences from older citybuilders (Anno, Caesar, Pharaoh) are clear, Crate Entertainment has taken those older entries and provided a modern spin with ideas of their own.

While early access might not be everyone's cup of tea, you would be well-served even at this stage by picking up a copy today.
 

A.racham
414 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Some of the mechanics into late stage 2/ 3 need some polishing, but otherwise it is a very enjoyable settlement development game.

There is one major problem, and I'm not sure when it will be addressed, is that occasionally the game will fail to save. Once that happens, the only way to fix it is to reload your last successful save, or restart the game. You lose the last ten minute of work. Not a big deal, but it does become irritating if you did a lot of planning in the last ten.

Other minor problems include the inability to produce eggs from a livestock environment(chickens), only being able to relocate berry bushes, and not other types of plants.
 

Hans
355 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Good game, rough around the edges.

The AI is what currently lets this game down. Once the city gets to a certain size, the workers struggle to prioritize sensibility and it pulls the sense of control away from the player. They move resources ineffectively in big cities with no obvious way to make them more efficient. The wagon, temporary shelters and stockyards should play a bigger part in helping distribute resources but right now, the villagers walk from one side of the map, get hungry, stop what they're doing to return home, then never complete the task.

Farming mechanics are thoughtful and interesting.

Resources on different maps can be a little frustrating and feel artificially imbalanced. Clay on some biomes are impossible to find. Iron on others. Gold is sometimes just missing, stone is a pain.

The core gameplay is satisfying. I really enjoyed Banished and Anno, and this game fits nicely into that gap with what feels like sensible pacing. I personally don't mind the trader being so core to keeping the village gold stocks level - it gives a sink to excess resources and adds randomness.
 

gunna
102 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
They hungy, I feed them fish, they still hungy
 

Conan
166 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
118.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
69 dood
 

[p42] The Fodder
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Good
 

RyRy
211 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Like Banished? Think it could be more complex? This is for you!
 

Arkhamina
213 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Well, Here goes another addiction.

Going Medieval meets banished, With quite a differences where it matters. Whilst super comparable on the surface to both of these games, Frontier just does something right...something addictive. The Micro-Managing feels little enough to not feel like a chore, But just enough to keep you on your toes.

The buildings,roads and decorative pieces on this game look stunning, You can really flesh out your town towards mid game stage and make it your own.

This may not be the well anticipated Manorlords, But it sure as hell feels the gap my brain has been craving.
 

A racist carrot
215 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Prettier, revamped Banished vibes, with a pretty cool farming system.

I would love an overview/minimap added for easier navigation, otherwise it's really great!

edit: small thing i noticed, when you click on a cow, a tooltip for a random plant pops up (with a fun 'moo' sound effect so i know it's not just a misclick situation lol). also the screen flashes black randomly sometimes, but they'll probably work these small issues out in future updates. :)

edit/suggestion 2: a toggle option for top-down/birds' eye view would also be really nice.
 

enimly
78 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's good, so good, that you can't stop it. So many challenges and you are really into the survival. It get's harder and harder, but also rewarding: The moment you can finally upgrade a shelter, when you can finally stop the invaders from stealing your stuff, when you can give your guards weapons, when you find that rare sand deposit, when the crops are eaten by the wild life, when all but three vilagers died from frost, because there wasn't enough firewood. It's as addictive as Banished was.
 

gauckelnder_narr
359 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
New Review
Changed my mind, devs really worked so fast to add more resources to the map and added a less dangerous map for some of us who just rather build or work a lil slower while learning everything this game has. I like it now, worth.

_______________________________________
OLD REVIEW
Resources and game play mechanics seemed too slow and lackluster. It needs more management tools to make it easier to know what resources I can focus and work on, I still say get it but it's just missing quite a number of things that you might be accustomed to in other city/town management games.
 

Risetta
164 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Great medieval city builder - worth a buy
Pros:
- beautiful graphics - when you zoom in and effectively walk around your city its great - too often your zoomed out for good reason
- challenging but not impossible - and logical - you need to plan ahead - there are some good layouts guides online - so far I've got a self sustaining 175 ppl who can make about $2000k per trade visit.
- varied - not just building and tech - there are random events with animals, sickness, bandits (love them now i have stone walls!) and the farm cycles - perpetually learning and fine tuning

Cons:
- its still early access so a couple of bugs. Prime example is cattle and barn - broken. Doesn't produce milk and you can't slaughter them. Not worth building. Deal breaker - hardly.
- can't unselect a harvest area means you can have to keep prioritsing to focus your labourers - again this is probably more me than the game

Overall - it eats the hours - you want to make it through the next winter and bandit raid - i love my town. Great early access release. Props to the developers
 

AdmrJellico
113 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Incredible!

If you like games like the settlers (showing my age here) then you will love this!

Highly recommended!
 

Legit God
153 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is a great game! Had lot's of fun with it! Remember that this still early access.
 

Olef
202 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Addicting and hard but once you get past the learning curve its a lot of fun.
 

Bare
264 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Advanced Banished
 

Hammerheart
237 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After spending almost 60 hours in the game, I think that the game has a beautiful future and has beautiful graphics. There are many problems, but for fans of this type of games that can be overlooked, its need more content because I think I have done
everything

worth trying
 

A7MADXZ
159 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is really good but still have a little bugs especially at the corner of the wall, usually unit stuck at the corner. It's would better if barrack can give some bonus if soldier stay long enough and need more enemy type too. I really like this game. Thank you!
 

SILOVED
49 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
12 hours in and I'm feeling a really great vibe with this game. I believe this is what I've been waiting for since Banished. The ambiance and graphics are beautiful for starters. I feel very immersed in the whole concept of carving a town and city out of nature. Honestly, I wanted to wait for a sale because I thought $30 was a bit steep for a game like this but I couldn't hold off and I'm really glad I didn't. Great game right here.
 

The Afterman
123 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's a great city builder for an early access game. The AI can be somewhat aggravating, and the level of micromanagement required is currently over the top. Hopefully with updates and implements of all the suggestions already left in numerous reviews by others, I'll be re-visiting this title again soon. At its current state, it is what it is: a work in progress.
 

genkiCHU
123 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
8/10

if you love chill city builder or colony sim games then this game is a must try

if you like anno, banished, and the likes you can try

the game is made by the same developers that make grim dawn
one thing i really appreciate from crate and shown again in this game is their game engine and design, engine still not perfect but very promising

+ even in early access there are a lot of resources and building need to manage already
+ there are some interesting mechanic compared to other similar games
+ informative UI
+ great interesting visual
+ great music
+ ultrawide

- some UI feels not very intuitive
- need keybind
- no tutorial probably since it is in early access but feels can be hard for new player
- AI need to be micromanaged from time to time

- more zoom and photo mode pls
 

ethers
277 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
129.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Very similar to Banished, but I like this one more. My only complaint is being able to make Iron bars at tier 3 when lots of things at tier 2 need iron bars. I could trade for them but I'm dumb and can't figure out how to produce enough gold bars except getting them with trades and even then they get consumed very quickly.


EDIT: Well, I know what my gold problem was before and now I have gold coming out of my EARS. Tier 3 feels super powered with all the iron bars and gold bars you start making. But requiring iron bars for tier 2 projects is still kinda weird and annoying.
 

LadyKaro
251 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The art style and sound design is really nice, and the overall game has a pleasant immersive feel to it. Village management itself is pretty decent, with a great deal of complexity to it without causing the player to have a brain haemorrhage in order to understand what's going on. Resource management can be a bit of a pain, but that's city builder games for you. There is a crop rotation mechanic that takes a little figuring out but once you get it sorted out it's pretty neat. The Combat/hunting aspect of the game is basic but not terrible. With combat being a prerequisite in City Builders for me I'm satisfied with how it is implemented here (although it'd be great if they expand on it later down the track.) As it is now it keeps things interesting without it overbearingly sending an army to kick over your sandcastle every ten minutes like some kind of tower defence game.

All in all I recommend this game. It doesn't really bring anything groundbreaking to the genre, rather it feels like Banished or Anno with proper combat, which i something I always wanted in a Colony Sim.
 

Moff88
390 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
One of the best early access colony sims out there. The only minus for me is the performance issues, but it just came out and I'm sure they'll fix them.
 

DancingOnMyOwn
832 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
15.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I am a picky gamer wife and this game is awesome
 

Fachh - FatCh inese Dad
60 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's been a while since I've seen some good colony builder games closer to the Anno series and Settlers series. This is a great start to something with good potential.

There are a few flaws/improvements needed:

The desirability system and abandonment mechanics need to be looked at. Your settlers should move out of less desirable houses, and move into higher desirable houses. I had a few houses abandoned because the "desirability wasn't high enough" sitting at about 36%, while I had settlers living in shelters that are below 10% desirability and seemed to be happy with that.

Abandonment mechanics are annoying and there should be some auto rebuild toggle in the options for this, Cities Skylines has the same issue and there's a popular mod to combat this so it's obviously something the community agrees with.

Tier 2 buildings require Tier 3 resources to be built so your forced to wait for a trader that has the tools to make them, which is just anti-fun in my opinion. If it's some kind of way to make traders viable then that's just silly. You still need to trade to traders if you need gold if your markets aren't producing enough money anyway for other services.

Introduce lower tier buildings that don't require heavy tools for less storage and production rates just so your colony doesn't come to a screeching halt when the only set of heavy tools you have breaks. Blacksmiths and Fletcher's should be able to repair wood and metal tools. After a certain amount of repairs have chances to break or just irreparable after a certain amount of repairs.

Professions should have experience levels depending on how long they've been in their role for, you should be able to recruit experienced settlers at your town centre or trading post when a caravan arrives.

Rat Catchers should go to food and storage buildings rather than there just being an area they patrol, should be similar to the night-soil workers.

The Plaza decoration shouldn't cost gold to make and instead require clay and stone bricks, confused to why there isn't a stone masonry in the game.

The flatten tool needs a buff, I'm sick of stacking 6 flatten orders on top of each other and waiting 2 in-game years just to find out it's still not flat enough to build anything on.

Watchtowers should have a drag select multiple and have a focus target when you right click on a raider. You should also be able to change their behaviour to attack closest/furthest away/raiding high value building. The amount of time I've had two watch towers sitting next to my trading post with all my gold at it, have them attacking the raiders that are currently raiding it, just for them to auto switch to some random raiders that are somewhere near walls instead. Then you watch as the almost dead raiders run away with all your gold while the watch towers still slowly chip away at the full health raiders torching some houses, I can rebuild the houses, the gold-loss can literally ruin your colony.

Limited precious resources is also an issue. I refuse to believe that there aren't giant coal/iron/gold/clay/sand deposits that you could feasibly mine for hundreds of years. Introduce infinite resources, or at-least a high tier resource building that can do something similar. I also refuse to believe that a gigantic river leading off map runs out of fish. It's a colony simulator for god sake not a multiplayer skirmish RTS.

As the game is I would recommend it for a good amount of hours wasted. Albeit, once you hit tier 3 after 4 or so hours there is nothing else to do other than just expand your town more, so I hope to see more depth in that regard soon, otherwise i'll be changing my review to not recommended.

Diagonal walls when?
 

Skordean
479 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Farthest Frontier is slow paced city builder that's starting to grow into one of my favorites.

Having played a ton of Settlers, Cities Skylines, Anno or even Age Of Empires (where I was more interested in building then actualle fighting), this game feels just right. This just clicks more with me than games like banished or other indie city builders. Pacifist mode on, and just focus on your settlement is absolutely zen yet challenging enough to get your settlers trough each winter.

*Note: the fundamental gameplay present in the early acces is already quite solid. But you might want to wait a couple of updates for some quality of life improvements. I have the feeling the gameplay features will turn out great when it gets closer to release.

My biggest wish is to have free rotation for buildings - so we can build a bit more organically instead of grids :)
 

James Nuts
235 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
good banished clone, very pog
 

Waga
266 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Start game, no tutorial, no idea what I'm doing. Slowly figure out game and grow population. Expand settlement. Find Wolf Den. Wolves kill a villager. Villager goes to recover body. Is eaten as well. Villagers become Wolves primary food source
 

N1ck1826
108 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
467.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A mixture of city builder, disaster simulator, oregon trail and tower defense game. Worth the money, hilarious and playable in this early state, some bug present but not gamebreaking (yet). Will definitly suprise you with it's unintentional dark humor, that's if you fancy the streets littered with corpses and random guys showing up asking if they could join the party.
 

Furin
137 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
iT'S HARD, but it just tingles the right spots!
 

Kif
641 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I wish I could give the wagon drivers meth.
 

Mnky
314 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Super Addicting and smooth. I just wish there was a basic tutorial to start you off. Learning how to use the trader sucked a bit, but it's better now that I suffered through several in-game years haha
 

ttkirwan621
13 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
67.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It is a challenging game in resource management, and it does have a few issues here and there, but it is a very promising title from what I have played thus far.
 

Cayden Black
277 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After 15 hours into the game and watching alot of Twitch streams I definitive recommend this game. :) The atmosphere and musics are well made, the grafics are catching and the difficulty is something else. I like that it's not the easiest game to play, but after you get into the game, the learning curve is growing fast. :D
But there is one point which is actually negative and I hope it will get fixed soon: the performance. The first few minutes are horrible and the game freezes from time to time, the sound aswell. But in general a very cool game with so much potencial on growing into a fantastic game!
 

Visbee ∞
75 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
TL;DR: If Anno 1800 and Banished had a love child, Farthest Frontier is it!
Farthest Frontier is FINALLY the successor to Banished that we have all been waiting for! In the past I have tried several games that have attempted the banished formula and no one seemed to get it right. Crate Entertainment not only got it right, but exceeded all expectations. I have not been this impressed with a city builder in a LONG time. While there are certainly some improvements that need to be made while the game is in early access, this is still an incredible game. The graphics, seasonal and weather effects are nothing short of stunning. The sound design is pristine. As the game continues to evolve in early access, I am already convinced that this will develop into nothing short of a masterpiece. I'm only 5 hours in so far and I am HOOKED. Take the dive on this one, you won't be sorry!
 

Ghost_in_the_Pines
322 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
126.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I do not normally buy early access games that often, but I do love a good city builder, I'm a casual gamer so I am in no way giving a review for hardcore players.

So far I have not run into too may bugs, and it is overall visually beautiful. As the game is still in early access there are still a lot of things that could be improved upon, such as better tutorials, also for people like myself maybe bigger fonts in game so I can see what i'm reading. Gathering wood and stone in game can also be difficult to bulk up in later game stages which is my only major issue, I do hope they address that in some way in the future.

I find this game to be very immersive, forcing you to pay attention to your crop rotations, stock piles, trades and the safety of your people, for certain its not a game you will sit and play on full speed and leave to run, which I rather like in a city builder.

I am looking forward to seeing how this game continues to develop in the future, and will keep playing and will eventually update my review.
 

Orlilu
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
115.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
loving this game its got so much potential me and my hubbi love it so much we both have the game and really enjoying this game i give it 10/10 amazing game thank you to the developers with all the hard work
 

rebekah michelle
131 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
very fun game, buildings and the world has nice graphics.

Plenty to do for hours and nice decorations. Game makes you have to manage placement of buildings to be able to make housing desirable.

It does lack a tutorial at this point so kinda had to learn as i went. minor bugs but siper fun
 

SunDragoness
212 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Good game,adicting as other sims,like the idea but its too simple and most of the mechanics are not very well thought few examples below:
Viliger enterntaiment sucks,I mean viligers can leave your city because they are not well entertained but to entertein em you need lvl 3 and getting it is slow and very dependent on trades.
Fishing is a mess,you can have a big school of fish right next to the hut and it says no fish are present at a giant lake.(maybe a bug)
Food,i have litrally 1000 stock of dried fish and food as well as bread and it gives me that my viligers are starving and i have 1/0 food on the food meter(maybe also a bug)
Map is boring sometimes 1 viliger kills 1 wolf sometimes 1 wolf kills 5 viligers
Pub doesnt do ♥♥♥♥ until level 3,beer needs to be lvl 2
Performance issues sometimes are pretty bad,i am on a very fast PC but it freezes sometimes
Raiders that raid your city are very weak if you have enought towers no barracks needed
All smelting needs to be at lvl 2 as well
In general game is okay but a lot of these issues need to be fixed asap, its early acces thats why i am not hating on it and leaving a negative result,good luck devs
For the record I Have 2000+ hrs in building games (Anno,Aven Colony,City Skylines,Sim City,Satisfactory)
 

Saboran
32 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I`ve reached endgame in 40+ hours or so and decided to put it away until full release.

It is a promising and fun citybuilding game, but it is lacking in endgame content (and depth) and polish. After 20+ hours i had around 15-25 fps in average on my still pretty decent machine (i5 8700k, 32gb ddr4 ram and 3070rtx) (and it is after a lot of hotfixes). Overall jankiness were subdued by patches, but it is still like it needs a lot of general fixes. But at least nothing gamebreaking though

If they`ll fully all the jank, add something like global map with trading with neighours and sea\river trading, new ways to gather food and materials and additional tiers (currently 4th is max), it will be best citybuilding game since cities skylines.

But for now it is just good enough (barely) for it`s price
 

Bertang
1,585 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
So...

I don't have thousands of hours in games like this. But I do have all the achievements from Banished, and I've spent a lot of time on Patron.

That said: I love this game! There are a few things that I don't like, mentioned below, but first of all, I love the fact that you can move buildings after the fact, and you can target harvest locations. This means you can build a hunter's hut or forager's hut, and then change where they spend their time harvesting.

The roads are also great because they look like a road would look; a curve is a curve.

What I don't like:
Ground needs to be flat when you build something. Ok, sure, no problem. Except, it can take multiple times of "flattening" the ground to make it flat enough. I'd much prefer to build a building and have the "flattening" time automatically added rather than having to guess at how much needs to be flattened.

Also, I think there could be better logic to determine where citizens reside. If you build a new home next to a new job, then an existing citizen should move locations. I don't know that this doesn't happen, but it doesn't seem to happen quickly.

In any case, I'm happy to have played this game already, and am excited to see what comes ahead!
 

Gigabit Jack
371 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Version 0.7.2.

Ok, so did a medium everything, default map (don't remember what it was called) and played through until town hall was upgraded to the max.

I've seen a couple of youtube videos of early play and the streamers were extactic about this game.

My personal opinion is that it's promising, and the game runs smooth without crashing. But there are many almost unoticable bugs in the gameplay. And by unoticable, I don't mean negligable, but they can mess with your game and you won't even notice something is wrong (hunters unable to hunt boars, I'm looking especially at you). Another fun bug was the upgraded trading post (if you experience it, just move the building).

So, there's a LOT of balancing to be done here. There's a LOT more content needed.

Is it enjoyable at this stage? Sure, for a game or two, but it'll get old quickly... I'll return to this at a later stage. In quite a while I expect.
 

Nicci
66 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Banished like game with gorgeous graphics and added complexity that works on Linux (Proton 7.0-3). What else could I ask for?
 

Bimg Player
248 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love it!
 

Benvictus
257 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Not yet.
 

Shadow of Bessarabia
50 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Best city builder!
 

Trùm Heo Mọi
68 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
nice game and addictive
 

H'loween313
15 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The time I have spent with this title so far is both highly enjoyable and almost entirely bug free. For early access the game seems remarkably well polished and optimized already.

As for the game itself, if you liked Banished, this feels like a fantastic successor. In contrast to Banished, and for me and improvement. The map and general feel of the game feels more "organic" with lush and realistically seeded maps.
 

NiCk
107 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
7/10 The game is okay but I'd love to see more from the devs.

1. A minimap is SORELY missed and I would love to see more from the economy management tabs. What's the consumption/min for the resources and also the production/min etc.

2. I would like to also see how many of each building type is built and also where they're located. When your town starts to grow you can't remember where you placed specific buildings and there's so overlay option to help you find anything.

 

Bullseye
146 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Fantastic game, put in a solid 8.5 hours on EA launch today, was completely addicted. Nice hybrid city builder/survival game, with plenty of complexity and overlapping systems to keep it interesting. Usually city buildings are most engaging and exciting at the start of the run and then fall off once you accomplish your vision or progress through the development cycle. In FF its sort of the reverse, the early game is a slow burn and is fairly straight forward with the mid to late game becoming increasingly more interesting and satisfying. Some minor quality of life things could be added, and the game ran perfectly 80+ FPS on 4k, so no complaints about the performance here.

Definitely going to be a universally loved game with the only negatives coming from people who are a poor choice for a game that demands this much attention to details.
 

Flavalicious
106 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
On normal with combat:
At 32 hours I have rolled 35 times to find the perfect map. Once I found the perfect map I made it to 380 pop with 100% happiness - some luxury items not getting to houses. It just kept getting more and more frustrating as the years went on.

At year 60 or so raiders come in droves of 70+, which is fine, about 15+ defensive towers at main sites and 1 garrison takes care of the problem with little issue. The issue is the gold. Gold in this game is awful. You need to mine it and smelt it, which early game is great, i made around 10k gold from mining and smelting. Then around mid tier 3 your map runs completely out of gold. In that time between mining, fighting, building pop, maintaining happiness etc, getting to tier 3 you need to be manufacturing all tradeable items for late game when your map runs out of gold.

Best advice- Roll for a map that has amazing gold and wood deposits. Everything else can be produced or foraged.

Graphics 8/10 Great
Gameplay 8/10 Great
City Building 8/10 Great
Game Economics 5/10 Not Good
Price 7/10 Good
100+ Hour game? Not yet, needs work.
 

OneTokeOver
151 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I have played 9 hours so far and it seems that you continuously do nothing but wait for logs to be cut. Not many logs get cut per year and many of those have to be used for firewood so progress is really slow and a bit boring. It also appears you will cut down most of the trees in the first 10 years which is this game you will have barely gotten your settlement going. Also, there appears to be a glitch whereby when you click an icon to build something (house, market) the game starts one on where you clicked the icon in addition to where you place the structure to be built (where you wanted it) so you have to remember to check and then delete the unwanted structure which might result in resources being left way over there if you did not catch the error quickly. The graphics are great, both the land and buildings are top notch. But it's boring just sitting there endlessly waiting for a tree to be cut down. I've played other city builders like Anno 1800, 2025, Civ 5 & 6, Rome iii, iv, v; and they were all great. In those, unlike this game you could actually get city going without being bored from constantly waiting for a tree to be cut down and realizing you need 8 of them cut down. I had really high hopes for this game but unfortunately it's just too boring to stick with.
 

cbrummer7
8 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Very fun so far. looking forward to the further development of this game.
 

Melfice
360 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Yes... that's the stuff...
*happy snorting noises*
 

Dourel
462 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I bought this to support Crate, who did a great job with Grim Dawn!
 

Spider-Man
181 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Already awesome game, I'm definitely looking forward to see it progress as it continues in early access! Thank you Crate Entertainment for another spectacular game!

(Also I noticed that one of the merchants is Scrov, I'm not buying his meat, that's for sure, can't be trusted.)
 

Grim Smile
143 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This game is dope af, if you enjoyed age of empires and didnt want a match to end, this is where you should be, went 8 hours straight on day one, huge learning cuve and alot to take in, take your time
 

ItzD33ZxNuTz
32 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 10
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Actual review its like a more advanced Banished but with better farming, more buildings. You cannot stockpile food so sustaining is a little harder. Lots of little mechanics make this harder than your average city / survival game. It is really good looking and sound design is fantastic. Also raiders are deadly so its just another aspect to keep the game form being easy mode. It is like having a tower defense game mode in your city builder.

It's crate so yes, thanks for Grim Dawn. Also it's EA but not a buggy POS.
 

Mr.SelfDestruct
291 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I wanted to like this game but it needs a lot of work. I needed two parks of some kind per house to be able to get them to upgrade just to the second level. You need defenses but the market only produces enough for 1 tower, maybe 2 if you manage to get a few houses upgraded.
The trade system is clunky.
Using farms to produce food is so labor intensive you'll run out of laborers just for farming, foraging, and fishing and still run out of food.
Wolves, raiders, etc will attack with relative frequency which would be fine if there were more options for defense that were a tiny bit cheaper.
Healers are a must, but there's no way to get one until you get clay. Getting enough food to feed clay workers besides all the other non-food producing workers already required is difficult, so you'll watch a lot of your citizens die slow agonizing deaths as they bleed to death on the town square and no one can be bothered to at least carry them home to die with some dignity.
Everything requires wood, and quite a bit of it. Coal is no substitute for heating homes -at least so far as I can see- so there's a constant outflow of wood. You can make charcoal, which again, consumes wood. The most wood I've seen a tree give is 7, which is very little. And you can plant new trees -Manually- but that requires...you guessed it! Wood. You need so many workers to constantly cut wood and travel ever further away to deliver it that between food and wood you can fully expect not to have the ability to do anything else with your community beyond collecting wood and producing food.

I will come back to this game in a few months -assuming there are any updates- and give it another shot but as it is...I would wait and see.
 

lrivera87
61 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
loving this game not my normal style of game but how easy they have made it for a new style of player to be able to understand all the mechanics and be able to up the challenge once i get used to how everything works is great
 

acullinane83
52 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Bears can destroy your 100+ villager town.

If you have a large town and haven't finished building your garrison or a watchtower? And a bear has attacked your town? GG, there is no way to stop the bear from rampaging up and down your streets disrupting your work, killing your people and keeping you from moving their bodies, the town garrison can kill 12 Raiders, but not a single bear.

Bears are not this aggressive, and shouldn't stay in a town for over a year destroying 6+ hrs of work with zero way to counter, save often because it's otherwise a decent game, just terrible, terrible bears.
 

Tathlyn
206 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
132.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 6
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A lot of potential and I'll keep an eye on how it progresses. However, for now I'd have to say no, after a good amount of time and several restarts there is too much frustration to keep going. The game falls into a never ending cycle of bad events, I went from a raid, directly into predator attacks, building on fire, then villagers dying to Typhoid, Scurvy and dehydration all back to back and it continues from there. There was no randomness each restart the downward spiral occurred at about the same time.

It runs fairly smooth on my machine with just a few frame drops here and there during weather events or other spikes in screen activity. The graphics are gorgeous and very eye catching. I hope the developers will put the time in to improve the code/cycle/triggers on the crisis management either that or change the genre from City Builder to Crisis Management.
 

MGuns1980
110 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
404.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Update 8/23/2022:

After a recent update I have noticed a MASSIVE improvement with the glitch / lag type of issues with the game. Now, it runs as smooth as butter even with larger villager populations. I have recorded 260 hours after only two weeks and my appreciation for this masterpiece has only grown, I save the game and let it run in the background while I sleep because I find it relaxing. I hope you decide to purchase this game so you can geek over it like me HAHA

Original Comment:

Great game 2 days after launch. I am really hoping that the devs will work out the performance bugs though... with my $5000 computer I should NOT be freezing up.
 

darkshadow1326
72 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Honestly just wait till a few patches roll through that add quality of life features like production limits, more informative UI you have to dig to find info. The game seems to break on production the longer you play you can keep you population the same and after a while you have zero food even though for the last few years everything was on point.


 

Maxter1o2
1,218 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Weak Recommendation, but considering this is an early access it deserves a thumbs up.

Simple Mechanics the game still needs:
+ A Minimap (more important later once raiders start coming)
+ Revamp the H-key Collection Method to include a deselect function ( My town was destroyed due to laborer overtaking all my builder slots. 80 laborers allowed me to have 10 builders)
+ Barns need to have an auto-slaughter function (once cow populations exceed limit then your milk production suffers and cows get sick)

General Complaints for Developers
- Pause button needs to be optimized (My machine had a second delay in late game) separating whatever threads get in the way is ideal.
- Bugs would appear when transitioning to the next stage in the game but sort themselves out upon reloading the saved game. A progression CI or Test Routine needs to be implemented in your build routine.

My general sense is one of optimism; I like what the game is attempting to do.
 

gibbs212521
123 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
A complex village building simulator that is just enough original to make you want to play it, even if you have played similar titles in the past. If I were to improve the game I would give the player more relevant information regarding the games mechanics and greater insight in how the games logistics play out.
 

christophersmith7755
201 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
If you like 'The Settlers' this is for you. If you don't like patience, kindly purchase 'Age of Empires'. If you don't like your sexy girlfriend, give her to me.
 

Arema63
59 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 11
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Spent about 7 hours and had a lot of fun. Satisfaction guaranteed and city-builders are not my preffered type.
Complex enough, devs could work on more defensive buildings or even another settlements to interact with (If there are I haven´t discovered.... yet..).
Looking forward for updates and more content!
Keep it up!
 

Lechugin
97 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 2
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Amazing city builder, crate did not dissapoint, very layered even in early access and feels feature complete, and that's as of now in 0.7.5, i can only imagine what they didn't have enough development time for, but i'm glad to support the creators of grim dawn <3

Great city builder, surprisingly complex and deep for being in early access. Easily a purchase for me. Not bored yet at 27 hours, and i can always put it down and come back for 1.0 too.

 

Enzo
282 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 29
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Очень классный градостроительный симулятор
 

fara
229 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 29
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
crashes alot
 

ryder2303den
4 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I'm a big fan of colony builders and management games, so I'm right at home in this game. There are some annoying things like stuttering at higher populations despite my higher end PC. The inability to "build a copy" of a building, sending me back into the laggy menus over and over to find what i needed got old as well. Overall it's a good game, I dont feel ripped off for having bought it
 

PascalPerf
42 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 3
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
TLDR at bottom.

Alright so lets address a few things here about some of the negative reviews. The biggest problem I have seen across most of the negative reviews is optimization. My first question is what computer are you really running. The specs for this game are probably incredibly low. As an avid city builder genre player, you almost always have an issue when there is so many micro transactions that are happening in the background.

Im currently running a 12700 /w 32 gigs and a 3070ti. I run quad monitor and typically have a movie playing at any given point.

Im sitting at 400 populations and have absolutely no hiccups unless the games saves. Again this is pretty typical for saving game as it does it across every other title I have ever played. Civ(3,4,5 ect), banished, Stellaris and many others.

The depth of the game is on point. There is indeen a rock problem and a quarry is definitely something that needs to be implemented into the game.
Having to smoke so much of your meat is definitely a pain in the ass for taking up population to do so.
The fact that you have to move your tree farming is always a pain in the ass since work yards dont replant trees. Having to run 3-4 work yards in order to maintain trees alone is slightly painful. Youre basically at a 4 man work yard per 100 population. They need a replant option or a forestry build only and a quarry instead of a work yard.

The fact that this game is just released and is in such good condition I am actually surprised. Its quite polished and some of the stuff that can be added is just fine by me. I think now that I have hit the 400 population mark, the raiders getting to be in the range of 64-70 mobs becomes a bit of a pain since you cant make stone walls otherwise you have no stone left anywhere on the map. Again, this is an issue due to the size of map that 400 population takes up.

A minimap would be incredibly beneficial or even a fast scroll option such as shift scroll. Unfortunately shift scroll is scroll lock? I could just look through the controls to see if this exists but too lazy. Should already be programmed so I dont have to look.

Also, house size requiring so much desirability is fine, if only the range on plants was wider would be nice. The only issue I have with houses is that the houses when upgraded dont yeild a larger house hold for either more kids or a second family when the kids dont have kids yet. If a level 1 was 2, a level 2 was 4 and a level 3 was 8 or something it would allow you to focus growth upwards instead of outwards.

At 400 pop Im now forced to actually try to build a second base away from my main that is setup to be quite linear in order to be able to have the desirability to build houses to rank 3. 65 desirability is tough to accomplish any other way.

All in all, as much as the above might seem like complaints its just think that I think could be improved upon. The game runs nicely and I was able to hit 300 population by year 24. I think this I could shorten that timeline as well if I was to restart but at the moment Im fine with it. Year 38 and 400 population is solid by me. Just having to fix wood issues and keep expanding houses at this point.
.
.
.
.
TLDR;
- Optimized if you have a solid CPU. GPU doesnt matter as much
- Lots to improve upon but solid structure
- Needs some new buildings added to manage resources better
- Some buildings need to be tweaked to produce more according to labour requirement
- Some balancing issues but not unbearable.
 

foxall.bm
111 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 1
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It's alright, raider mechanic needs a bit of polish but I wouldn't call really call it a "banished-like" more of just a city builder. Maybe worth 15 or 20 for the content that's in it now.
 

🌹ya baby boy🌹
388 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 31
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Game looks really nice but the level of micromanaging is to intense for me, may suit other people. The inability to set certain storage items in different barns, the speed at which the year goes past even at the slowest speed. The time it takes for trees to grow back , rocks to re-spawn etc are just a few of many issues, for me I prefer banished. Noticed people are describing it as Banished on steroids which I guess it is but for someone that just wants to chill for a couple of hours in the evening (myself) I have to say I prefer banished, not to say that once they make some tweaks to this game it won't be a great game but for the moment it's not for me. I think price wise it is reasonable.
 

Atty
52 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
63.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 30
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
It will be a good game once they balance out all of the issues including:
- workers not being able to handle multiple jobs well (prioritize)
- only two traders per year, wtf
- extreme food loss
 

ArizonaSkye
17 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
63.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 27
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I wouldn't recommend this game as it stands right now. It will be a good game once all the bugs and lag is sorted out but I think I'll leave it for 6 months and come back to it. Defo not worth spending 30 bucks on. Far better games available for less money. Played for over 60 hours, screen freezes and crashes with almost every log in. For all that, I enjoyed the graphics and the mechanics but too many problems, even compared to other early access games.
 

WolfBlassHarry
9 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
The constant Frame rate loss and screen lockup has made the game completely unplayable.
My rig is well over powered to handle this game reccomended requirments.
The devs need to focus on fixing this issue before implementing anything else.

Gameplay is great when your screen is locked up. Great mix of ANNO and Age of Empires style of rts and city building.
 

The Crimson King
609 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
so far so good ... I was looking for the successor to Banished and that looks to be just what I got! I think it is also a great game for people who prefer more action than I do so a great all rounder.
Looking forward to the updates and seeing how this game unfolds,
 

yvanna
27 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I absolutely love this game so far! I've been a huge fan of city building games since Sim City, Pharaoh, Black and White, and my recent favorite, Banished. This game, even in its current state, is slated to be my next all time favorite city survival management. It's got it all! I'm happy to see that the devs are putting TOP MEN in charge of fine tuning issues and continuing to better the game play.

I've been lucky to not have FPS glitches even with my lower end PC, but there are minor bugs like clicking on a cow and it says it's a Rose Bush or upon reloading the cow is now a Dire Wolf. Eh, it's forgivable.

Perhaps because this game greatly reminds me of Pharaoh, I'd also enjoy seeing a "story mode," where a king is asking you to create cities to manage certain limited elements of the game, and upon winning, you can continue with other scenarios. I can't see it being more than 5-6 cities long, but it would offer players a tutorial like setting and help them understand better ways to design a city for later games.

Just my two cents. I love this game!!!
♥ 11/10
 

Squeek
298 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
I believe the game is good, but overpriced for what you are getting. No story-mode or campaign or anything to keep things interesting once you've built it all, which I did in relatively short order. After 20 hrs of play, I upgraded to the highest tier, had all production possibilities, and was making plenty of gold per turn even with a sizable military. Sure I could try to get bigger and try to cover as much of the map as possible. Or I could try a harder difficulty (I played the default difficulty on the lakes map). But, the mystery is gone and I don't like the game in its present, somewhat buggy form so much that I want to do that.

The game is playable and fun, but not much replay value in my opinion.
 

Invictus
58 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
48.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
After 2 days of playing, I have nothing else to do. Tier 3 items are unlocked and you can unlock tier 4 but for what? there's no point since all items are unlocked at Tier 3. If they put more tiers in between Tier 1 and 2, the game would be much better. Also there are items in Tier 2 that needs items in Tier 3 to be useable so if you bought them, only way to make it work is by trading to get the resources needed to run them, I think it's not intuitive that way. I think the only reason the youtubers find this interesting is due to the frequency of raiders. But once you get the hang on them, there's really nothing much you can do in this game but to overpopulate the map for no reason and run out of resources. Also stones are very hard to find and in Tier 3 almost all things need it especially the walls because once you unlocked Tier 3, raiders become more frequent.
 

HPstupefied
1 product in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
42.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Such a relaxing game with depth this is my favourite city survival builder.
Plenty of options allowing for a diverse gaming experience.
 

daddykool
72 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
This is my review for this game. It is a game and it is. Thanks for reading my review for this game.
 

stimpak
145 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Nice looking medieval game with a great potential. Not the easyest one btw.
 

No one asked
171 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 21
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Best early access game I have played in years. Great job devs.

It's like Banished, but better. Looking forward to all future updates.
 

Revan
302 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 26
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Loving it. Long time fan of city builders, economy management, colony games. Very good for early access, well, good for a completed game. I can't wait for the finished product.
 

Thaltos
221 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Grim Dawn was fantastic, Crate really know what they are doing. This game is already very good, has a lot of promise, and I have a lot of faith and trust that this will grow to become a must-have game if you're a fan of this genre.
 

AzzA
292 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
46.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 24
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Has the potential to be a great game, but currently has issues and limitations.
I only just made it into tier three so i haven't been able to build all buildings yet, Have about 20 hrs into the game, but have had to start multiple villages due to bugs,
- one game the crops would not auto rotate, i would have to reset year 1 every spring, and only a small amount of gold would transfer into the bank
- another game the villagers just wouldnt build roads, even when there was nothing else to build they would just walk around in idle
-about 1 hr into a game and the villagers stopped mining stone, i exited and came back in and the stone was just completely gone from the map, loaded an older save and again the stone was gone
- started a map where there was no deer
- and the most frustrating, I had a good size town under way, but then the game stopped saving so i lost most of my progress
most of the bugs i encountered didnt become an issue until you had invested time into the town. you never really know if the town you are building is just going to randomly become unplayable.

more options for decorations would be nice, the options available are fairly limited and dont allow for making a really unique and attractive town
double and triple wide roads would be nice as well, it looks weird when there's 100+ people using a tiny one block wide road. it would be nice to make wide main roads through the town
also the villagers dont follow roads, they will walk through dense forest , through buildings. ive seen them follow the road but walk off to the side of it
would be nice if the transport wagons could be programmable, ex only moving resources from a specific storage yard to another. that way you could more effectively move resources in from far away work camps

a larger radius / scale-able radius would be nice for buildings like work camps and the arborist building.
the arborist building in particular has too small of a radius,

adding boats / fishing piers for off sore fishing would be a nice feature too.

despite the frustrating bugs constantly causing me to restart it has been fun to play, the kind of game that you sit down for a minuet and hours go by.
i understand its in early access, hopefully they fix these bugs because they really negatively impact the game play. I want to recommend it but its not there just yet
 

d.verdoold
5 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 18
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Simply enjoying.
Can't wait to see what the full-version has to offer.
 

yujou2018
47 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 16
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Crate delivers (again)
 

RunRabbit
131 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Absolutely beautiful game! No room for error but with in depth difficulty settings is accessible to all. Definitely deserves more time in the spotlight!
 

Fron Waggins
75 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 13
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
Good.
 

THIS
115 products in account
0
