Login
Store
Community
Support
Change language
View desktop website

© Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. #footer_privacy_policy  |  #footer_legal  |  #footer_ssa  |  #footer_refunds
STORECOMMUNITYABOUTSUPPORTInstall Steam login  |  language
Store Page
Might & Magic: Heroes VI
All Discussions Screenshots Artwork Broadcasts Videos News Guides 
Reviews
SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
146 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: 5 April, 2019
This game stopped working recently in Win 10. I contacted Ubisoft and they did provide a solution.
1. Fully update the game if you have not done it yet.

2. Navigate to game's installation folder and locate Might & Magic Heroes VI.exe file.

3. Right click on the exe file, chose Properties, go to Compatibility tab and tick following parameters: - Run in Compatibility mode (with Windows 7). - Disable fullscreen optimizations. - Run as admin.

4. Click on OK and launch the game from the Might & Magic Heroes VI.exe file. (Ubisoft said to start the game this way, but I started my usual way through Steam and Ubisoft.) Be patient, the menus seem a little slower to respond, but the game works.

Hope this helps.

 

Captain Stallion
50 products in account
7
532 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2013
The game it's not that bad, but didn't enjoy it as I did with Heroes III. But the support from Ubisoft it's one of the worst I've seen. Couldn't play for a week because they ran out of keys or something, and when asked for a refund they said I had to talk to steam and then steam said to talk to ubisoft, etc. etc. Not mentioning you have to install Uplay to play this, which you should take care because it installs add-ons in your web browser without your consent.
EDIT: Forgot to add that you shouldn't buy it for the multiplayer, even after nearly 2 years of release, you'll get desync and/or corrupt your save which won't let you play any further.
 

Orrik
1,368 products in account
4
1,292 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
250.0 hrs on record
Posted: 29 November, 2013
Edit 12/30/13:

I didn't expect such a vast amount of comments for this quick review. I will try to explain why I can't recommend this game and how I came to +250h ingame time, just scroll down to the text under the original review.


---- Original review ----
Do NOT buy this game - even if it is cheap!

Why?
The game is still full of bugs even after 2 years and UBISOFT stopped supporting the game.
No new patch, no apology, NOTHING. They just got your money, why should they care?

The game itself could have been great but with all the fuss I had to endure I won't recommend this piece of garbage to anyone. Trust me, you're better off with buying games which actually deserve your support.

I repeat: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Show UBISOFT that they can't treat customers like this.
------------------------------

1) My rig at the time I bought this game:
- Intel i5 2400
- Nvidia N560GTX-Ti Twin Frozr II/OC
- ASRock P67 Pro3 (B3)
- Spinpoint F1 1000GB, SATA II (HD103UJ) then ADATA S511 120GB, SATA 6Gb/s SSD
- ADATA 2x4GB 1333MHz CL9

2) How did you freak manage to get to +250h game time?
You can subtract at least a third for the time I encountered crashes, game bugs which forced me to restart a map or simple idle time.

I'm also a completionist, an achievement wh*re. In maps without a time frame I usually pick up every treasure, kill every monster and do every sidequest. This type of playstyle is time consuming :).

Now take into account that I encountered nasty bugs which forced me to replay a map or browse the web for a solution. And there is also my profile swap which I will explain later.

3) Is this a rant against Ubisoft or the game? Why didn't put the game aside and waited for a patch?
The game itself could have been great!

But it is still bugged and you have to find a way if you want to continue the story. Some achievements are luck based - you get them or not. The only way to get them is to replay the campaign map.

I put the game aside for a couple of months in between patch 1.5 until 1.8. The discount on the DLC (-50%) drawn me back.
Hope dies last. I wanted to give UBISOFT and their new developer team a chance to fix the game. It's better now but the NVIDIA black screen bug is still there and now they dropped their support.

How can I recommend a bugged game to anyone? I simply can not.

4) Which (nasty) bugs did you encounter in your long journey?
My guess would be 90% because I explored the whole map ;). Just a simple summary about the fixed bugs I encountered in previous game versions and the ones that are still there.

I. Nvidia Black Screen Bug (still there)
You play the game and suddenly it freezes. Most of the time it's a black screen while the sound is still played. It can happen randomly or it can be reproduced via savegame. Sometimes it can happen in a fight or (no kidding) by walking over a certain spot on the map. I managed to continue the story by loading the savegame and trying every angle.
As mentioned above I had a HDD at that time which had a horrible loading time :). From patch to patch there have been improvements or it would get worse. I never rolled back my drivers but I can play it almost without crashes now.
I can not safely say which GFX will work without problems. Some do, some don't.

II. The achievement swap bug (fixed)
Right after a patch a new feature was introduced - looking at achievements of other players.
Beeing a jolly fellow I wanted to test it and look where I stand. Bad idea ---
My ~85% done achievement list was copied from the one I looked at - a 30% done player.
I spent some time to find someone who had at least 80% done and never used that feature again. Guess what - I still had to replay a lot of maps to get that ONE damn missing achievement :).

I talked to the UBISOFT customer service that they get my achievements back but they told be that they can't do anything which I do not understand even today. After the short "We're sorry that we f*cked up but you have to fix it on your own" conversation I bit my tongue and played on.
UBISOFT was so kind to give me a dynasty weapon that I already owned as a compensation :).
I contacted the customer service three times about different game related problems and none of them have been resolved.

III. The plague bug (fixed)
One of my favorites. I happened to meet this little fellow three times.
There is no creature growth, in fact it is negative. You can't get any creatures because "week of the plague" is active all the time. No creatures means that you have to end the map with the creature stacks you have as your army. Might sound funny but it slows your combat down because you can't afford to lose any unit :).

IV. The little bugs (fixed and still there)
- Achievements that only trigger sometimes (an example would be in the DLC - the treasure achievement which I tried to get recently)
- Crash spots in the the map (also in the DLC and the original game)
- Spell or creature related bugs e.g. the famous griffin bug (The creature would not deal any damage when using their special ability). Still a vast amount out there. Some players couldn't finish the tutorial (!) because their creatures wouldn't heal. A game which has a lot of different spell/creature combinations can have a few bugs but not to that amount.
- Dynasty weapon which would get lost if you didn't put them on a charater and saved (reloaded) the map. There is still a nasty bug which will happen if you reload the map and use certain class spells (e.g. dark) while having certain dynasty weapons equipped (the spell power goes down, permanently).

This is an endless list. If you want to dig any deeper just visit the UBISOFT forum and click on the 334 pages long bug thread.
---

TL;DR:
I could write a little bit more about the game's story and how the maps are designed.
The story is fine and I enjoyed it quite a bit. The map design, especially the new DLC (new developers) is brilliant.

Why won't I still recommand the game?
Because the release version was horrible, the customer "service" doesn't deserve the name and the game itself is still a huge pile of bugs with a few moments of happiness.

With a continued support (multiplayer = bug-ridden) and an open communication between the fans and the developers this could have been the best game in the series.

It is not.

I will change my review in that way:
If you have an ATI GFX or don't mind restarts, if you are not interested in achievements and are able to restart maps without getting angry then this might be a game for you.

About the DRM/Uplay, it is annoying but not that important to me.
We're using Steam which is the same but has a lot more time on the market.
Granted, Uplay is horrible and I got kicked out of the game every time their servers went down.
I developed a habit to press the quicksave button after every turn because I had to reload an older savegame a couple of times. I have a 50Mbit cable connection and traffic is not an issue.
On the other hand I never played Mass Effect 3 because of Origin :). I will though.


Well, I am done. Thank you for reading and I wish you all the very best!
 

3rn13
88 products in account
41
392 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2013
Guys, as much as we've all encountered a Heroes of Might & Magic game in the past, this one is just another in the trash pile that has been around since Heroes of Might & Magic IV. There are bugs. Lots of bugs. Ubisoft took over primary support of this game since its conception and the bankruptcy of Blackhole in 2011, and there have been 11 official patches to date, all of which fixed one thing, only to break another thing. It's hard for a support company (Ubisoft) to do all the work the parent company was supposed to do, but as it stands, with the announcement in September of 2013, Ubisoft is moving on to greener pastures, and Patch 2.1.1 is the last of the "fixes" issued. There are still bugs that can spoil a game, for example, in the campaign mode, where the Town Portal spell has been disabled because there was no town to be used, and that data is saved with your character as they progress to the next level (even after a new map and load screen) and are unable to use the spell even there. The only fix is to restart the campaign all over and "hope" that the spell will work anew.

Too many things in the game variables are hit-or-miss - random to the point of useless. Though the idea behind dynasty weapons and progressive character leveling, and select campaign character class traits is something innovative, the game really falls short of delivering all its potential because there is no way to avoid even one of these numerical/action-based failures. To be fair, I did find myself enjoying the campaign, albeit generic in some places, even through the bugs.

Now, the multiplayer function is where the fun is supposed to be. If there is one good thing about this game, its the 'Hotseat' multiplayer function. I say this to the shame of the online mode which, like its single-player counterpart, has many issues all its own. Technical difficulties abound in the online-mode: random disconnects, frozen turns, black screens, jumpy combat and frazzled animations to name a few. Hotseat seems to avoid the vast majority of these issues, and runs almost identically to the single-player custom and campaign modes.

In my final analysis, this game is not at all worth the money Ubisoft has it priced out as, nor is it worth the time I (selflessly) invested in it. There are plenty of other turn-based SRPGs out there, like the earlier versions of the Heroes franchise, like Heroes of M&M 2, or earlier still, Age of Wonders, or even Master of Magic.

This particular game just isn't worth your time or money.
 

kodan
107 products in account
0
446 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
205.0 hrs on record
Posted: 8 November, 2014
A good game, unfortunately tied with the most retarded and infuriating online service ever seen. I would play my heroes game - all offline - for 2-3 hours and then mysteriously the game service would disconnect and I would lose all my progress. Ridiculous for a single player offline game with a AAA price tag. Fail.
 

Silverfish
632 products in account
1
107 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
168.9 hrs on record
Posted: 21 April, 2021
note for the future myself:
• Fully update your game.
• Go to the installation folder and locate the Might & Magic Heroes VI.exe file.
Uplay: C:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Ubisoft game Launcher\games\Might & Magic Heroes VI
Steam: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Might and Magic Heroes VI
• Right-click on the .exe file and tick these options:
Run in compatibility mode (with Windows 7)
Disable fullscreen optimisations
Run as admin
• Launch the game again.

xoxo
-past yourfelf
ps: stop forgetting vital things like this you dumb ♥♥♥♥♥
 

Mr HiKO
405 products in account
0
100 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: 13 July, 2018
I installed, played for a day, loved it.
Come back the next day, find it can't boot beyond a black screen. Got a little sad...

Turns out this is something to do with full screen, windows 10, nvidia cards and what not. Anyway, the easiest fix that worked for me was:
- right click Heroes VI in steam > properties
- local files > browse local files
- Go to Might & Magic Heroes VI.exe
- right click > properties > compatibility
- check "Disable fullscreen optimizations"

This should do the trick. After that, back to the fun!
 

CMDR Karkula
173 products in account
7
268 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.1 hrs on record
Posted: 21 November, 2014
Not sure why I bought this. I didn't like videos of this and what they did too my precious mercury, too, I didn't.

But yeah, first about parts I actually enjoyed.
The setting of Falcon Empire Era is pretty neat, with all that skulldruggery, old ways of Ilath, orcbros, oceanic weaboo empire, necromancers not as power-hungry cartoon villains, but bizarre keepers of balance (more like it was in Diablo II). Story is good enough too. The split dynasty, the rise of Railag, the crazy adventures of Crag Hack (though I found this one quite boring, but then again, I was playing this for a while at that particular point) and a little fanservice with Sandro cameo (OHGODIT'SREALLYHIM). Dunno about vampire campaign though.
Sanctury is a good addition to the world, it's unlike anything you saw in Ashan before and I hope we'll see more of Naga Samurais and Sharkmen in the future.
The system of unlockables through seals is decent. Provides a bit of stimulus to play it if you feel you are bored here (and it happens pretty fast).

Now, the bad parts.
Soundtrack. Quite unremarkable.
The balance. The problem here is not overpowering something, but making it too difficult to figure out (the same mistake devs did in HoMMIV with cross-classes and tons of perks). See, there are just too many perk combos you can't really predict, because spells are perks here. In HoMMIII you could point your finger at a guy playing Necropolis or Conflux and call him an a-hole, In HoMMV you could point your finger at Kaspar starter, here...well...you can't. And it's not really a good thing (but it may appear so). Still, if you like overcomplification, you may just ignore what I said.
While devs created complications, they simplified the resource part. Which feels...unfair,
Ah yes, map layouts. Region - based map isn't a good solution for me. You can't raid mines behind enemy lines, now you have to sabotage them or keep you secondary hero there all the time. This is a huge problem when we come to next point...
Overuse of town portals. No really, this is a big issue. While they provide mobility, they are, well, too damn essential. You can easily evade encounter with enemy via it. And...everybody gets it for free. No spell, no perk, you just need enough mana to cast it.

Oh, about Conflux service. It wasn't down at the time I played it, so maybe Ubi fixed it. Maybe. Still, I'm okay with being online to play.

Still, the review is "mixed", so I have to claim "non-recomendation" here is gentle here, not strong. You wanna your 60 hours (well, I lasted nearly that amount) for that price - fine, go for it. If not, or you have bad experience with Uplay - better save the money for sale or whatever product on Steam you want more.

Heh, probably the longest one I've written so far.
 

Freedum-chan
814 products in account
11
571 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: 9 November, 2014
Dumb UPlay registration with multiple steps. Once I got through all that, the "conflux" website seems to be down, I can't start the campaign. I have no ability to play offline campaign. This is AWFUL. I want my money back!
 

outlawed
132 products in account
0
64 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
109.0 hrs on record
Posted: 6 January, 2019
before you start the game: go to steamapps/heroes6->right click the game .exe and click properties->compatibility->disable fullscreen optimisation!!!!
if you do that, the game will work without a flaw.gameplay wise, it is hands down one of the best game stories in the franchise(single player).as for the multiplayer part, i only did hot seat.
faction-wise, if you play for more than 4-ish months necro shows all the other factions a massive penis.but before that, all is quite balanced:D very nice game again.would rate 10/10 if it was not for that full screen optimization:D
 

Petrea Dorin
72 products in account
6
96 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
108.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
Might & Magic: Heroes VI
Released: Oct 2011
Developer: Black Hole
Publisher: Ubisoft

Pros:
Campaign story lines are some of the better written and more interesting ones in the series.
Pleasing aesthetic, good overall visual design.
OST is a mixed bag but there are some very nice tracks as well.
Factions and their units are well designed. Each faction has their flavour, and almost all combat units have unique traits and abilities.

Cons:
Uplay. Not that I am that much against it, but Uplay has deleted my saves for this game a number of times, it is infuriating.
An additional THIRD DRM layer called Conflux that you must be connected to at all times to access Dynasty weapons or traits, even in single player. If you for any reason lose connection to it while playing a game, it will drop you to the main menu without even saving your game first.
Technical issues. Black screen when loading Town or Battle screens happen frequently, forcing game restarts. With many mice, just moving the cursor on the screen makes the frame rate literally freeze to 0.
Bugs. Dozens, if not hundreds of bugs, minor and major have been in this game since release. Not one frak has been given by the developers and the publisher to fix anything, focusing instead of pumping out DLC. Some examples: Many hero skills either do literally nothing, or act REVERSE. Picking 'Pathfinding' for example doubles the rough terrain penalty instead of reducing it! Almost all Dynasty weapons can severely cripple your hero permanently, when equipped. Some will reduce your hero's magic power each day it is equipped, 'Affinity' weapons increase your spell costs to unmanageable levels. Maps also have a number of bugs. I've several times had to restart a map from the start, after finding out for playing for hours that a keep I had to capture for a quest, simply did not spawn on the map properly, for example.
Instead of getting a choice of skills, when heroes level they put points into a talent tree. I personally dislike this method, it takes the fun out of hero development. Once you learn what skills are good, you typically build all your heroes the same way.
Atrocious AI. Some of the worst I've seen, possibly rivalled by the HOMM IV AI only. It literally doesn't play the same game as you. It is given huge amounts of resources each day. but even then doesn't understand the concept of upgrading its towns. It is given heroes and large armies for free every week to send at you, with a larger army each week. Wipe them out too slow and their free unit spam will soon vastly outnumber anything the players can buy in their towns. Adventure map armies also grow in the same manner, a strong design flaw that makes rushing for the win the single most important priority on every map you play, every time. I was very disappointed to learn how the game actually works in the regard.
In combat, particularly during the campaigns, nothing comes close to the importance of healing and resurrecting units, to minimize casualties in each battle. It is basically the only really viable way to play the campaigns without losing too many units to be able to finish the maps. I would have liked to see other viable ways to play.

Other thoughts:

There isn't that much else to say. This is one of the weakest and most disappointing games in the series, which could have been pretty good if it was only given the chance. It is disgusting to see how this release was handled, with zero effort taken into patching out all the bugs and problems it suffers, Ubisoft instead only focusing on producing more bugged DLC's to sell. Game design wise I was not a fan of the simplified resource management and hero development either, but I could have lived with it if the rest of the game was in a playable state.

It's a big shame, since I was actually really enjoying the campaigns, having tested the Haven, Necro and Sanctuary ones, but the gamebreaking bugs prevent me from being able to finish any of them. I am not interested in restarting them over and over to play around the bugs.

For those looking for a high fantasy strategy game to play I would recommend steering clear of MMH VI and instead getting HOMM III Complete from www.gog.com, or perhaps try my personal favourite in the series, HOMM V with both its expansions, its patches and the superb AI improvement third party mod.
 

Lars
779 products in account
7
151 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
59.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2015
If you came here looking for the best in the Heroes of Might and Magic series, turn around and buy Heroes Of Might and Magic 3. Ideally the complete edition.
If you came here for a more recent game play feel and fun game, go buy Heroes V: Tribes of the East.

If you are still reading this let me tell you why Might and Magic: Heroes VI Shades of Darkness is bad then you are in luck. The biggest problem with the game is it takes what made the previous games so good, the uniqueness of the different factions, waters them down and makes sure they are all bland different colours of each other. Every race has a creature that operates as a harpy used to, with a strike and return ability. Whole factions have been removed or completely redone, racial abilities and advantages have been removed. None of that made the game unenjoyable for me. No what did that was the horrible Hero system that was implemented.

Heroes now come in 2 flavours, Might or Magic. You can no longer see what your hero specialises in beyond their flavour until you have already selected them and are playing away. Most of the heroes and factions are also locked behind a in game store front, they are free but they have to be manually unlocked one by one. We aren't talking a few heroes, there are over 20 that need to be unlocked, with whole factions like the Demons and Stronghold blocked off. Once you are in game it doesn't get much better, if you buy a hero, there is no way of dismissing the hero, other than sending them to their death against a monster stack or enemy hero. Another bad change that has been made is giving every faction and town two versions of town portal. The first version allows you to teleport a hero and army to any other controlled city, the second one teleports a hero and their army to the nearest town with a portal building. This sounds great, right? Wrong. It completely destroys tactically positioning your heroes on the map and means the enemy just portals away to a town. End games become a constant back and forth of heroess teleporting to at risk towns, a very un-fulfillingg way for games to end.

I have had lots of problems gettign the game to run, it has 3 different forms of DRM at work, Steam, Uplay and Conflux. I often find the game wont actually load unless launched through Uplay and only then about 2/3 times. I have had no luck with multiplayer, the game telling me I need to connect to the internet, when I am already connected, which the game knows because of the afore mentioned DRM. The official word from Ubisoft is this requires port forwarding. I have a no desire to go messing around inside my hub's settings. I find the idea that you need to port forward to get the game working, even through Steam, Uplay and Conflux is a joke.

Seriously just avoid it at all costs.
 

Alexg
299 products in account
0
118 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
168.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2014
Disclaimer: I only played campaigns.
I really wanted to like this game, I really did. The problem is that M&M:H is not HoM&M. Heroes of Might and Magic games were strategy games with RPG elements. This one...even the name is just wrong... I don't know what it tries to be. It's no longer strategy game because of all oversimplifications in the mechanics and AI blatantly cheating. Yes, computer needs some advantages to make things challenging but in previous games it was limited to giving AI better starting position, some free resources and ability to win fights withour losses. In this game however computer is not bound by the most fundamental rule of this game: production limits. This means player and AI no longer play the same game. This is intolerable in strategy.

So perhaps it's meant to be RPG with strategy elements, like Kings' Bounty? Well, the game doesn't do that either, because it's turned based and thus lacks the liveness and pacing of KB.

Then there are 'dynasty artifacts'. This is possibly the worst idea in the history of the franchise. Acquiring good artifacts before your opponent used to be imporant aspect of the game. Now, you open a menu and equip a relic of your choosing at the start of each map. Because UPlay.

There are some good ideas in this game. For example: I like 3-tier unit system. If it's better than 7-levels from H3 and 5 is a matter of taste, but it worked better than I expected.

As much as I like (or used to like) the franchise, I cannot really recommend this game. For die hards Heroes fans only.
 

DwieSzopyJackson
186 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2019
Note: A lot of the negative reviews for this game are technical-based. To actually get this game running (though, when you start playing, you won't want to anyway) go to steamapps/heroes6/right click the .exe/properties/compatability/disable full screen optimization.

TLDR: This game was improved with Shades of Darkness. But Ubisoft, with their notorious blundering, managed to convert a turn-based addictive franchise into a wearying, grinding slog.

Heroes VI's story is based prior to the events of Heroes of Might and Magic V. In the tutorial you play as Slava of the Griffin Duchy (the one that becomes the Griffin Empire in V), a duke in service to the emperor, Liam Falcon. After the tutorial is completed, you play as each of Slava's five children, all of whom have two-dimensional personalities.

The game developers tried their hardest to stream-line the game, and they did a really good job at it. For starters, there's no more mercury, sulfur, or gemstones; the resources have been condensed down to gold, lumber, ore and crystals, which (supposedly) act as the semi-rare resource needed to create level 6 creatures. Parts of the map are divided into territories controlled by forts. As long as you control the fort, the enemy AI can't backdoor into your territory and ninja-cap your resource nodes. For the most part, factions feel the same; they all have their own aesthetics and motifs, but their balance is so homogenized that it's hard to pinpoint their strengths and weaknesses. Heroes, regardless of their affinity, get their skills through talent trees - it's not like in older games where heroes could learn things like logistics, pathfinding, estates, etc. by leveling up and choosing said skills. A lot of the skills in these talent trees tend to be flat out worthless as well (looking at the siege tree in particular).

The worst part for me was the AI and map design for the campaigns. It's completely off the walls. The enemy AI will start off with far more resources than you, as well as a latent knowledge of the entire map. Despite this, they never properly upgrade their own towns. If you take too long (and it's difficult not to for some levels), the enemy will constantly attempt to zerge rush your territories while you're trying to actually do the main objectives. This means that you constantly have to teleport back to town (everyone, even the dumbest barbarian knows this spell now, unfortunately), fight off an enemy hero, replenish your troops, attempt to get back on track only to get attacked again. Of course, having multiple heroes under your employ can mitigate this, but if the AI starts off with heroes several levels higher than yours, then you may be forced to use your main hero for all the heavy lifting.

In conclusion, while VI is not nearly as broken and buggy as VII, it's a shame to see a franchise, which was originally made out of love by New World Computing, trampled under Ubisoft's iron-shod heels. If you are looking for a good Heroes of Might and Magic game, look to the past, not the future.
 

Spyder
345 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful 10

Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2020
It's a great game, and for those of you who can't get started due to a crash (black screen on starting up game):
1. Navigate to the game installation folder (on steam, right click the game on your games list and select properties - local files - browse local files)
2. Right click the game.exe file in your windows explorer, select properties - compatibility - disable full screen optimisations.
3. Right click the game.exe again and select "run as administrator".

I love this game series regardless of all the problems it's had, and I mean consistently, problem after problem! Just bad development choices / not enough skills to pull it together included with some rotten business decisions.

But the game format, gameplay features and visuals are fun in a unique way, as is the co-op / multiplayer aspect to it. I've had so much damn fun with these games over the years that I can't let these technical problems turn this review into a negative.

Just my opinion though, I can totally understand if this is too much hassle to get a game to work properly and I don't put any blame on negative reviews either, I feel they are just in giving negative feedback on these problems.
 

Peppersnack
364 products in account
0
533 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
161.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2015
For the following reasons, avoid this game at all costs:

1- It's a single player game that requires you to always be online.
2- Steam is not enough, you have to register and log int Ubisoft's Uplay
3- Ubisoft's Uplay is a piece of garbage. It NEVER works. Thus, you are UNABLE to acess your game.
4- Don't even bother to contact Uplay's customer support. They don't bother to answer.
5- By the way, Ubisoft NEVER FINISHED THE GAME, and by the looks of it, they never will.

As you can see from my records, I did manage to play this game for a while. The game itself is not bad, though it's dlc is buggy and unfinished. The big problem here is the uplay thing, as it will prevent you from enjoying yor game.
 

Giga
93 products in account
18
36 people found this review helpful 5

Recommended
49.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2021
Regular old intense M&M turn based strategy with a lot of rpg elements. Graphics are better than they should be for a game this old. I've been enjoying this game with one minor issue so far. I had trouble with black screen on initial startup, but many thanks to hamood1241 in the guides section for the fix:

• Go to the configuration folder, which can be found here: Documents\Might & Magic Heroes VI\<user-id>\
• Open the file titled ProfileData with Notepad
• Look for this line:
<gfx_Fullscreen2>Fullscreen</gfx_Fullscreen2>
• Change it to:
<gfx_Fullscreen2>Windowed</gfx_Fullscreen2>
• Save the file
• Launch the game again

Easy fix, there are more suggestions in his comments if you still have trouble. Thx, hamood1241.
 

philone55
197 products in account
0
193 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2014
Uplay.
Load steam, load heroes, which will require you to load Uplay to load Heroes, then you may load Heroes.
Once Heroes is loaded Uplay will inform you of stupid crap constantly.
From the bottom of my heart, F**k you Ubisoft and your horrible Uplay.
In addition, I'd like to address another statement once Uplay is installed (Thank you for choosing Uplay), no one chooses Uplay.
Jei's rating: -2/10

Heroes 6.
The game captures the same elements as previous Heroes games; assemble an army and go forth and conquer in a fantasy world.
Jei's rating: 5/10
 

Jeimuzu
312 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
391.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2017
Most negative evaluations are due to bugs. To be fair, my copy sometimes bugs, probably some graphical issues (black screens on battle/town screen loading). Nothing unbearable, though it's sometimes annoying to have to quit and reload at the beginning of the turn (thank god for autosaves).

I am a single player, playing official campagins, so this is what I'll be talking about. The campaigns are long, I'm already at 300 hours of gameplay and I've only just finished the first campaign and first DLC and started the second DLC. Granted, I never autoplay battles, but still if you play the whole game through it is worth your money. Campaigns are rather interesting and characters and stories usually interesting, although I guess it depends on tastes. The final bosses on some maps can prove to be pretty challenging in hard mode (as can the very first battles on a map, before you upgrade your army and hero).
The gameplay gets kinda tedious though: troups conservation is the main focus, to the point that your main goal in every battle will be to try and lose without a single troup lost. It leads to some skills being almost a requisite for any game (especially since in this game, healing can resurrect fallen units in a stack), so that any hero will have the same 10-15 skills as all the other heroes you've played, despite the plethora of skills available. Top level is 30.

This being said, all the factions are rather interesting to play, with good units and combos in each (I haven't tried dungeon yet). Special mention to the new sanctuary faction, that actually is a nice offensive faction with beautiful design and great features.
The design is actually maybe the game's greatest asset, as it is indeed very beautiful. It also runs pretty well, my computer is 8 years old (i7 860 and GTX285, 8gb RAM) and runs it without trouble.

Note that you can play the game offline, but you'll miss on some features like achievements and dynasty weapons. The servers seem stable (I've only been disconnected once in 300 hours), but playing online means you're limited to a very short number of saves, so you have to overwrite regularly on your old saves.

All in all, the game is worth buying and playing if you can see through the gameplay shortcomings. It's not the best Heroes game, but it's not a bad game, and even if you only play the official campaigns, it's got plenty of content and game time.
 

evilgreg3
93 products in account
3
138 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2015
This game is crippled by always on DRM. The game booted me back to the menu while in the middle of a battle. My internet connection didn't drop, just their DRM servers. I would have thought by now (over 3 YEARS after release!) Ubisoft would have removed this broken and draconian DRM system, but it appears not.

Even after Ubisoft said they have abandoned always on DRM back in 2012 in favour of a one-time activation, it looks like they didn't bother to patch it out of their older games - even after 3 years!

DO NOT BUY.
 

ChrisMcMahon
5,681 products in account
0
152 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2014
Yesterday, I tried to play this game for the first time and couldn't, because Uplay registration failed with the message "We're unable to create your account right now as a Ubisoft server is unavailable." Today, I attempted the same thing, with the same result. I literally can't play this game because of the Uplay DRM, and if I'd known before what I know now about the endless issues other users have had, this among them, I would have prevented my girlfriend from buying this for me and for herself. This product literally does not work, so it gets a solid -1 out of 5 - AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
 

Violet Rose
389 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
177.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2016
Game itself is 7 or 8/10. It has some good ideas. Campaigns are ok. Battles are ok.

Reason I strongly disencourage you from buying this game is Uplay/Conflux and Ubisoft policy.
I wasted 15+ hours dealing with Uplay, bugs and crushes.

I lost all my clouded saves. Support haven't responded yet. So I replayed half of Campain.
I met game breaking bug with stucked enemy hero. Bug known for year on forum. I had to replay map 3 times to avoid this event.
Screen go black sometimes when you enter city or battle or game just crush without anything. This occurs every 1-2 hours.

Every time I need to reload the game I see unskipable logo of company I will avoid. GJ Ubisoft.
 

Tacit
480 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2021
Forces you to not only have to install UPlay, but UPlay is bugged and forces you to do a 2-step verification to your EMAIL every single time you want to both play the game; you have to go and find the actual game file to turn on compatibility for Windows 7, turn off full-screen optimizations, AND run it in administration mode just to make the game actually OPEN without it locking everything down in a permanent loading screen of blackness and won't allow you to alt-tab out of close the game off forcibly by ANY means necessary.

I can deal with the technical issues.

But I'm logging into some other platform's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and buggy program just to play it when it doesn't even have ONLINE CAPABILITY anymore because they SHUT DOWN THE SERVERS YEARS AGO.

So you're basically forced to log onto your UPlay account to start the program, then you have to do a 2-step verification because it ALWAYS defaults your 'main device' is an 'insecure location', THEN you have to log in AGAIN just to actually access the game. Yeah, no. Fark that. I'll go play something that doesn't require me to do this kind of nonsense.
 

Sigma Vataris
305 products in account
0
259 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
117.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2014
No matter how much discount youo get, do not buy this game. Simple as that.

I get it that some people say this game is fun, i spend xxx hours on it well worth the money blah blah blah. Whats the point of having a game, if you cant play it when you want to? Whats the point of a game being fun, if you cant play it at all?

Many a time during weekends, I boot up my gaming laptop looking for stuff to play, and I open up MnM6. Its just ♥♥♥♥♥ stuck at Uplay trying to find upgrades or Conflux cant connect and stuff. I have completely given up and I accept that Ubi soft scammed a few dollars from me with a vastly inferior product. But you guys still have a chance! DO NOT FALL IN THIS TRAP LIKE I DID!

This thing cant even be called a game. Its like buying an iphone realising it is a piece of plastic with a lockscreen painted on it. Its not worth the money and the frustration.

Great way to kill a great franchise. With such an attitude towards its product and such an excellent engineering quality, Im sure Ubi will continue to succeed in whatever they do.

This is the worst money spent on a game ever for me.
 

WoW
43 products in account
0
97 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
193.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
The game is good and should be played by any Heroes lover. but...

But UPlay and Conflux make it unplayable. Uplay is inconsistent and uncompatible for most of time. Personally I do not plan to buy "Uplay" supported games anymore.
 

Skyman
211 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2014
I realized early that Heroes 6 is the weakest installment of the series. It has an utterly generic story that has nothing to do with the events of the previous titles and a gameplay that lacks any inspiration. But I could have ignored that, since, despite being not a very good title, the game still has some solid entertainment.
What really killed it for me is the "always online" issue, even if you really just want to play a single-player game and don't even care about multiplayer. While being always online in Steam is usually a non-issue, having to be always online on the notoriously unstable Uplay network can be a pain.
Also if Uplay servers are down for any reason and you try to work around that by starting the client in offline-mode the game will begin giving you trouble. For example it will refuse to let you load any of your savegames, because games you played while you were online are not available when you are offline. And if it has a particularly bad day it will deactivate completely, tell you that your version of Heroes 6 is "unregistered" and demand that you go online to register your already registered game another time before you are allowed to play the game again. So that's my real issue.

However, if you need another reason, then here is a word for those of you who just happen to be die-hard fans of the series like me: please take my warning. This game does NOT continue the events of Heroes 5 and/or Dark Messiah of Might and Magic. It is a prequel that surrenders the previous story-line completely.
I mean: Bloody hell! It's not like Ubisoft left us with a cliffhanger after Heroes 5, where the dark messiah, possessed by a half-naked, smoking-hot succubus, stopped the necromancers and their alliance of the willing from dropping weapons of mass-destruction on the underworld, destroyed the skull of the seventh dragon to free the demon-lord and open the gates of hell. So that the dark lord would rise from the abyss speaking the magic words: "I am your father". You know - introduce some global warming: the lucifer-way. And right before we found out if the world was going to end and if beelzebub actually can be a picture-book daddy... curtains dropping! The end.
And here comes Heroes 6 and it starts with the words "2000 years earlier"! Wait a minute, Ubisoft: I thought we just had some serious armageddon and succubus-action going on here! What happened to good old: smash skull first, eat brains later?
So honestly: unless you are really desperate for another Might and Magic title, just skip Heroes 6 and wait for Heroes 7. You won't be missing out on anything at all.
 

tommim
83 products in account
2
93 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
455.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2014
Did I have fun while playing? - Yes, when I wasn't busy cursing it for all the bugs it had.

For players looking to buy the game, here are a list of bugs I remember offhand that really spoit my gaming experience.

-Bugged pathfinding, that your talents make you move lesser instead of further.
-Bugged spell dynasty weapon, that made you lose spellpower EVERY TURN and EVERY RELOAD (you will not be able to see it in your character doll tooltip). This actally forced me to restart my first campaign after 2 maps... as my magic character was totally useless by the time I discovered it.
-Bugged spells that don't work as indicated. This isn't a game breaking thing but when I pay for my game I expect it to work as intended.
-Conflux which forces you to be always online in order to use and level your dynasty weapons, among other things. I don't mind being always online, but when it loses connection and it does it often enough, it kicks you back to the main screen WITHOUT saving. Yea so you lose all your progress. With auto save it is not nearly as bad as it sounds but it's bad. REALLY BAAAADDD.

All in all I wouldn't really recommend it to any new players. After reading weeks of forums it does not appear that Ubisoft will be putting much effort to supporting it further, that is no more major patches, if any at all. In the current state (patch 2.1.1) it is playable, but just barely. And if you do play it, be prepared to swear. A lot.
 

Zanzamar
165 products in account
7
37 people found this review helpful 4

Recommended
106.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2021
I loved Heroes 3, hated Heroes 4, and felt that Heroes 5 was almost (but not quite) back to the quality I'd come to expect from Heroes 3, so I was very suspicious when I saw all of the changes from 5-6 -- most notably Ubi dumping Nival, since they were heading in what I felt was the right direction with the franchise; also, I wasn't sure how I felt about the way 6 cut back on resource types; further, I wasn't sure how to feel about the introduction of Boss units. That all said, I have found the game to be surprisingly enjoyable.

I like how you can now send a Hero without an army to scout and collect resources, but cannot fight without the support of an army. I feel this strikes a good balance between requiring a Hero to keep one fast unit in their army in order to explore (like in 3) and a Hero of adequate level being able to wipe out whole armies without breaking a sweat (like in 4).

The new economy in which Blood Crystal replaces all of Crystal, Gems, Sulfur, and Mercury required a lot of mental adjustment, but it works very well for creating balance among the various factions; in prior titles, if a map had a shortage or a glut of one type of resource, it swung the balance heavily in favor of the faction whose primary resource it was.

Boss battles are quite a thing. At first, I expected to absolutely hate them, because they represented a significant deviation from the expected behavior of the combat mechanics, but they grew on me as I became more familiar with the types of alterations to the field that they cause. They're still the most challenging part of the game for me, and more than once have I completed everything on a map only to be pasted by the final Boss battle until growing another 2-4 weeks supply of army.

Speaking of armies, I love how the cumulative army produced for the week can be picked up at any Town or Fort containing the appropriate buildings for the unit types involved.

The Zone of Control for Towns and Forts is an interesting addition that somewhat alters the strategy for taking and holding resource generators in an area. I was skeptical at first, but I think I like the way it was implemented.

Being able to convert towns to your own faction is a very nice feature. I remember in Heroes 5 being frustrated with the Infernal campaign because it forced play with mostly Sylvan towns. Heroes 6 allowing town conversion makes it really feel like your faction is actually taking over and controlling areas, instead of just making a deal with the locals.

Revisiting the economy: it feels a lot more balanced than I was expecting. Yes, there will be points where one feels the pinch of resource shortage, but it still feels like development progresses at a reasonable pace if one is careful with collection and rationing. It's no longer (generally) possible to just start the game by hiring 2 Heroes in town and starting with a triple army, while the two extra heroes go scouting and collecting resources, which definitely affected my strategy significantly from Heroes 3, where the aforementioned nearly always worked.

The Hero skill development is much more refined than the wheel of Heroes 5, which was very limiting if one was attempting to achieve the class's ultimate, and far less dependent on luck than any of the previous titles. I also like the way the Blood & Tears paths are designed to fork the development paths of the Heroes.

Now, for the negatives:

UPlay. UPlay. UPlay.

When I'm playing a single-player campaign map, I should not require an internet connection. The number of times I've been an hour into a Boss battle, only to have my connection drop and send me back to the title screen, is WAY too many. The first time it happened, I quit playing for two years, essentially giving up on the game until a few weeks ago, and it happened AGAIN, but at least this time I got far enough that I found enough positives in the game to make it worth rolling my eyes and trying again (and succeeding) immediately (after another battle of nearly an hour, slightly quicker once I knew what needed to be done against the Boss).

Tying the Dynasty Weapons and starting bonuses to the UPlay account is extremely frustrating. Again: I'm playing single-player, the files are all stored locally, so I should not need to be connected to the internet to play.

Also bad, in case I hadn't already mentioned it: UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY.
 

Agape
55 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
141.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2019
Honestly, HOMM VI is NOT a bad game. It's certainly not a game I would have paid full price for when it launched, but now that it's down to $20, it's not a bad deal, especially if you get it during a sale. It's basically just a visual upgrade to HOMM V with a few extra features thrown in, some of which are quite fun. I really do enjoy the persistent artifact weapons and such that level up as you play and stay with you between games, and I did enjoy the six campaigns. The story of the six siblings, though far from a narrative masterpiece, was fun while it lasted. Hands down the worst thing about this game, the worst thing about most Ubisoft games in fact, is their irrational insistence on continuing to use the bloody Uplay launcher. Ubisoft has made a LOT of weird, or even downright bad, decisions during its time, and Uplay is one of the worst. I challenge you to find a single person who likes Uplay and wants to keep it around for any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason at all.

But, like I said, HOMM VI itself isn't a bad game, and well worth playing, given that you can stomach some bugs, of which there are sadly more than there should be for a game that's been patched as many times as this one has. It's on sale for $4.99 at the time I'm writing this review, and that is a price I would be perfectly happy to pay if I didn't already own the game. And, if you're not dirt-poor like me, even $20 isn't a terrible price for it. I'm recommending this game because it's fun, and I like some of the things they did with it, though I was honestly tempted to downvote it just because of Uplay. Ubisoft, please listen to basically your entire player base, and nix that bloody launcher. <3
 

GodKingDarky
335 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2014
Overall, I think this could be a great game. It holds your hand a little too much for my tastes, but it is still true M&M amazingness.

HOWEVER - and this is a huge deal - I do not reccommend purchasing this game for the crazy protection it has. It requires you to install uPlay so it is redicilous that I have to run uPlay through Steam just to play Heroes VI. And if at any time you disconnect from the internet, the game just quits. No autosave, no nothing. It is completely unacceptable to punish someone for playing your game, when I could play it happily offline with a pirated version. Won't be getting any Ubisoft products in the future.
 

Captain Nicholas
171 products in account
1
282 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
66.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2014
You HAVE to be online to play, and you have to register. Even then it has bugs and falls short the glory of the series. AVOID this game.
 

ุ
849 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
137.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2017
Can't play because my key is registerd to a U-Play account from 4 years ago. Yet i have the cd-key.. Steam/U-play won't help. The cd-key serves no purpose then to lock me out from my own game. What is this maddness!?!
 

DL
449 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2015
Updating..(WHAT ARE YOU EVEN UPDATING?!)
Whats next when its done?
...Updating(Again, no info about what it is actually updating)
....Updating Uplay launcher.
.......Updating Uplay
........Uplay has stopped responding.
...........Updating Uplay launcher
...............Updating Uplay
..................Uplay has stopped responding.
Repeat x3

All my "played" time is from the game launcher, this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing doesn't even work.

EDIT: Got this game to work 5 years later, Very fun but crashes every now and then :)
 

Mhuuz
257 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2015
I Ignored the warnings about Uplay and Ubisoft because i am an unconditional fan of the series, i own Heroes 1 till 5, and i´ve been playing since i was a kid, so i couldn´t resist.
But Uplay faked me up and decided to fall down when i was registering the game, and now it wont register, i want my money back Uplay sucks, Ubisoft sucks, I WILL NEVER AGAIN BUY A UPLAY GAME, NEVER!!
Good luck to you guys who choose to ignore these warnings like i did, give you money to these thieves and make them millionaires with your hard earned money.

PD: Ever since I installed the Ubisoft launcher my computer is messed up, internet keeps falling, steam keeps hanging up, i have to reset my router every 10 minutes. I recuperated a safety copy on my PC just before I installed this crap, and now 2curiously2 everything works fine. NEVER INSTALL UBISOFT MALAWARE.
 

Tomasillo Virutas
398 products in account
4
94 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2015
Mediocre HoMM game
♥♥♥♥♥♥ up, dumbed down economy system, less resources to find more grind.
Bad factions with even more bad units.
Slower than any other HoMM, unnecessary animations everywhere, slow turns and a smaller map with bigger units just makes the whole experience unpleasant.
To make this whole game any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, add a DRM which doesnt work most of the time and a built-in DRM by the name of CONFLUX which forces you to stay online, even to play a single game, power goes off ? you lose the internet connection ? CONFLUX kicks you out of the game.

Sub-par HoMM game
Slow and bad TBRTS with bad factions and horrible unit design
Intrusive DRMs at every corner.

Skip it like the plague.
 

Trance
484 products in account
7
29 people found this review helpful 4

Recommended
146.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2021
OK so a lot of the hate against this game is due to Ubisoft requiring a subscription and so on. Fine that's annoying. On its own, this does not make it a bad game because it has nothing to do with the actual content. The other problem seems to be that the game would not launch or it will be stuck at a black screen, after the Ubisoft launcher. A buyer of a game should not have to deal with this, and he has every right to think he paid money for something that does not work. Point taken. Now, there is a simple fix for this (which it's understood you shouldn't have to be forced into figuring out) that has to do with the game's inability to run in fullscreen for whatever reason. Again, whoever designed this thing should have made sure this doesn't happen. But whatever. It is what it is. Here is what you do to get past the black screen in this situation:
Go to the configuration folder, which can be found here: Documents\Might & Magic Heroes VI\<user-id>\
• Open the file titled ProfileData with Notepad.
• Look for this line:
<gfx_Fullscreen2>Fullscreen</gfx_Fullscreen2>
• Change it to:
<gfx_Fullscreen2>Windowed</gfx_Fullscreen2>
• Save the file.
• Launch the game again.
So. If you have the patience to go through this and get the thing running - it's a decent Heroes game. Graphics are beautiful for being this old. Looks pretty awsome. They simplified the economy with resources only being ore crystals and wood now. That's not necessarily a good thing but it doesn't break the game concept. The campaign is pretty good. No complaints there. Oh, one new thing that's also debatable whether it's an improvement or a drawback to previous HOMM games is your ability to convert any town to your race. Now if you wished you could do that in the previous games - awsome. If you think it's screwing up the balance of things, then not so much. Purely subjective issue.
I think it's a pretty solid HOMM game. I enjoyed it so yeah no problem recommending this to fans of the franchise. Now, if you never played any other Heroes games - buy Heroes 3 or Heroes 5. Heroes 3 is supposed to be the all-time best of the series. The Heroes 7 game is closer to the older versions than this one.
 

josefmac
103 products in account
1
42 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2017
Okay, let me make this clear - I'm a big fan of HoMM V. And after I tried MMH VI I've grown to hate it! I used to consider the sixth installment an abomination of the whole series... Just until the seventh was released. And that's where my opinion has changed. Yes, the sixth Heroes were bad (compared to the fifth) but MMH VII is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ horrible game, which has made me realize that MMH VI is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ "masterpiece". Because, despite all the ♥♥♥♥ we hate about it, it does have some features I wish HoMM V had. And these are:

+ A possibility to convert a conquered other faction's city to a city of your own faction. Finally! I had been dreaming about this since the third Heroes.
+ A fairer way to arrange the heroes' skills. They don't pop up randomly anymore! Now you get to choose them from the list by yourself.
+ A new "Tears-Blood" feature. It is a truly interesting new decision in developing a hero, depending upon his deeds.
+ Hiring a hero is also not random anymore. You can pick one from the list, just like with skills.
+ The marketplace's prices give players more freedom in trading resources (compared to HoMM V).
+ A totally new faction - Sanctuary. Although it probably means a lot only for me, because I'm very fond of Japanese culture.

And now we're gonna dig up some ♥♥♥♥, which this game hides in its depths:

- There're no gems, mercury and sulfur anymore. Why the hell were these classical resources removed!? This is absolutely the worst and the most idiotic decision in the series ever!
- The number of factions was also reduced. In fact there were only FIVE of them at the start! And one more faction was added as a part of a DLC. Curse Ubisoft for being so greedy!
- No random map generator. Another annoying thing about MMH VI. The amount of standard maps is very limited. You have to find some new custom maps on the net (or make one by yourself). Much thanks for crap like that!
- The units' traits are completely different as these in HoMM V. I can't describe the details, but I liked them more in V.
- The graphical part usually doesn't mean much to me, but even I can tell that many of the visuals' design is totally lazy.

My conclusion: MMH VI is obviously not the best game in the series but also not the worst (especially compared to the VII). So if you're able to deal with all the negative sides here and anxious to enjoy the new good features, you should definitely give it a try. And if you'd never accept a HoMM game with reduced resources and factions, just skip this one and stick to the best games of the series: III, IV and V.
 

shinegami9
474 products in account
0
172 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
If Uplay is your problem and you want it to work just:
1. Uninstall the Uplay version Steam installs by going to: Add Remove programs > Uplay.
2. Go to Ubisoft.
3. Register an account there online and download the latest Uplay.
4. Sign in and start the game from Steam.

This worked for me when I was first met by "Uplay Not responding",
hope it works for you!

Gl hf! :)
 

tickles
71 products in account
9
33 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2018
Bought two copies, one for a friend. Only recently thought hey, ill have a go on it, have not been on it in year. Had to
download uplay, apparently the cd key is invalid. How does that even make sense? I clearly have the game, i still have the digital receipt. No support from steam as its a uplay thing, and uplay are absolutly useless.
Uninstalled uplay and will never be involeved with it again. They should rebrand themselves UDONTPLAY, because thats
all your going to get from them.
The game is brilliant, just making you aware that this could be a future problem for whoever buys it.
 

Norrok
131 products in account
1
26 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
116.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2020
As a long time fan of the Heroes of Might and Magic series (especially HMMV, which my brother and I played via hotseat/email for years), I've sunk a fair amount of time into HMMVI. If you're a fan of the series, or of fantasy turn-based strategy games in general, I certainly recommend it. Heroes of Might and Magic is a 4-X genre-defining series and I keep finding myself coming back to it.

Speaking of which, I've just reinstalled the game on Windows 10 to discover the same black screen start-up issue that a bunch of other folk on Steam have had with HMMVI. A couple of earlier reviewers have posted solutions to this problem, and thanks guys for that, but the two solutions offered don't quite match each other.

So just to clarify how to make this game work on Windows 10, this is the solution that worked for me:

1) Find your way to the HMMVI game folder in your Steam folder, either via your C:/ Drive on Windows Explorer if you know where your Steam folder is, or (easier if you're not sure) find the game in your Steam Library list, right-click on its name, select Properties in the pop-up menu, then select Local Files and Browse Local Files. This will bring up the game's folder on Windows Explorer.

2) Scroll down the HMMVI game folder in Windows Explorer until you find the file "Might & Magic Heroes VI.exe". (Note that this is a DIFFERENT FILE from "game.exe"; modifying that file's properties DID NOT work for me.)

3) Right-click on the "Might & Magic Heroes VI.exe" file, select Properties in the pop-up menu, then select the Compatibility tab. In the Compatibility Mode box, check the box next to "Run this program in compatibility mode for..." and select Windows 7 in the drop-down list. Then in the Settings box, check the boxes for "Disable fullscreen optimizations" and "Run this program as an administrator".

4) Apply your changes and click OK.

HMMVI should now work fine when you launch it. Happy gaming!
 

stormskimmer
612 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
77.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2019
This used to be my favourite of the modern HoMM series (HoMM V onwards) but now won't run at all. Whatever update Ubisoft made here has broken the game. No one should be buying this until they fix it.
 

TrueMole
2,153 products in account
0
228 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
124.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2013
The buggiest game I have ever purchased on steam. This is cluster of unplayability and game breaking bugs. Dont waste your money
 

Captain Monkbeard
227 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
This game is literally just broken. The game does not launch/crashes on launch for a large proportion of the players, and the developers fail to address the issue.

Buy at your own risk, but you'd be better off with HoMM3 since Ubisoft wasn't involved back then.
 

Blue Eyes White Dragon
344 products in account
3
65 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2015
Unable to connect to CONFLUX!

The MASTERS of epic rippoffs, UBISOFT, strike again!

GG!


P.S. The game is great, enjoying it quite a lot, but FOR GOD's SAKE REMOVE THE BLOODY DRM CONNECTION OR FIX IT!
 

[Epic!]killy
1,092 products in account
1
58 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2014
I was a big fan of the series and in particular, I really enjoyed Heroes III and V. This new sequel has left a bitter taste to my mouth. If the campaign is not resolved in a particular way that the AI wishes then you are either stuck on the scenario until eternity or you have to restart it. Another negative point for me is that the AI "cheats" meaning that they get disproportionate bonuses or irrational advantages in order to stay competitive relative to human players. Although considerable ammount of work has gone into this title, the game does grow stale and tedious after a while. You get the impression that you're a hamster in a trainning wheel. So despite being a big fan of previous titles, I'll have to decline giving a positive reccomendation for this one.
 

Tasos0079
223 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2017
I've put more hours into Heroes of Might and Magic III than any other game in my life. I consider the best video game ever made. The campaigns were fun and allowed you to figure out your own path to success. The Random Maps are what has kept it installed on all of my computers over the past 20 years.

Heroes 4 was good, but wasn't complete and didn't have random maps.

Heroes 5 tried to be an updated Heroes III, but failed at it. I didn't finish it.

Now as for Heroes 6... there's so much good. So much is well done. But the levels get to the point of being too difficult. There's no freedom to choose your own strategy or methods to win. You have to spend every turn doing exactly the right things in order to have any hope of winning. Heores of Might and Magic should not require a walkthrough. This game does. It's absurd. Trying one long level 20 times, doing the right things, but still overwhelmed in the final battle? It's not worth my effort, time, or frustration. There's no need to say anything else about this game, not even to cover the good parts. The difficulty kills all the good in this game. And I am not bad at this series of games.
 

Sidea
40 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2020
DRM on top of DRM requiring accounts that link to other accounts... this is everything wrong with modern gaming. If something goes wrong with your key, like mine did, be prepared for a terrible up-hill battle of customer service with Valve and Ubisoft will waste your time diverting you here and there to avoid solving the issue.

Once my issue was fixed, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idiot Ubisoft rep tied my retail key to a different account, meaning the expansions and DLC are all now on a seperate account so I have to deactivate uPlay and then reactivate on another account to play my games EVERY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ TIME.

Do yourself a favour, go buy the classic Might and Magic and Heroes of Might and Magic games instead.
 

DyNaMiX
707 products in account
0
60 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
247.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2014
I have been a fan of Heroes of Might and Magic since Heroes II The Price of Loyalty. Heroes III is arguably the best in the franchise. I really enjoyed Heroes IV though.

And then came UbiSoft...

It seemed their mission was to destroy the beloved franchise. With Heroes V came lame, watered-down spell-casting. The graphics were good in 2007, I had no problems there. The inability to divide your troops in your army was bad. I had all but given up on Heroes of Might and Magic.

Then I saw Heroes VI. The graphics are fantastic. The animation is good. The storyline is interesting, if a bit underdeveloped. I like the ability to convert towns, forts, and dwellings. I have played this game for over 240 hours, and beaten all of the campaigns and expansions. I like the hours of playability it provides for one player. It doesn't hinge on multiplayer like so many other games do these days. I love the Necropolis in this game. The Altar of Eternal Servitude provides a deliciously twisted advantage as your army never dies, depending on if you have enough resources. The Haven is excellent despite only one shooter. I'm better with the Sanctuary than even the Necropolis. The Stronghold is just impressively strong. I like the Dungeon expansion.

Now for what I don't like:
1. I don't like how you have to go through UPlay whenever you turn the game on or off. "Synchronizing Your Saved Games With The Cloud" takes a very long time, and only works maybe 12% of the time. It is highly frustrating. I want to be able to click on the game and have it load. When I quit to desktop, I want the game to quit. This is the first game I've had to deal with these issues. The benefit UPlay seems to provide does not outweigh the cost of time and sanity.
2. I don't like how I reached Platinum level before I completed all of the campaigns. On paper, I should be one of the best players in the world. Once you max out on experience there really isn't much to play for. On campaigns the maximum hero level happens too quickly. The maps are epic in scope, and there is so much to do, but if you max out your levels one-fifth of the way through the map then it's not fun anymore. I understand that the experience keeps going into the dynasty weapons, but you really don't see that happening. Let us players continue to grow!
3. I don't like the Haven's faction ability. They are pretty much the antithesis of the Necropolis except for the faction ability. Necromancy heals troops, but Guardian Angel doesn't? At least until level IV. No, the Haven faction ability should be healing.
4. The Necromancers differ in this game in that they don't raise skeletons after each combat. Other than that, I love the Necropolis.
5. I do not like that troop growth is centered around your overall kingdom. I miss having a lot of troops. Instead of only getting 8 Core creatures a week, for instance, you should get those 8 Core creatures from every castle you own plus every creature dwelling every week. That is one upgrade I do not like. At least you have the ability to divide your troops in your army, and among secondary heroes. Give us more troops!
6. I have a very nice gaming computer, and Heroes VI still glitches to where I have to just shut the game down and start back at the last save. And that takes forever because I'm waiting for Uplay to sync. Glitches happen, I know, but I haven't heard of any patches in months.
7. The Inferno has been completely castrated. It's so hard to look at. I get the Chaos aspect, but still...Inferno has been done better. Get rid of the Inferno and bring back the Sylvan elves.
8. I absolutely hate spell recharges. The whole point of having a Magic hero is to be able to obliterate enemies with spells. Casting Lightning Bolt once every three turns sucks when in previous games you could cast it every turn. The mana is mismanaged in this game too. Your hero may have 200 mana, but each spell costs 45, 37, or some other random amount of mana? No, take some lessons from what 3DO did correctly. Unleash the spellcasters again!
9. Though I like having the skills and abilities options Heroes VI provides, the levels are few and far between, so it's hard to take the path you want to take when you level up. That's just a minor issue with me though.
10. I hate how the Boss fights give you a pre-set number of troops. What is the point of building an army for the whole map if you can't use all of your troops in the final Boss fight?! I understand the need for a challenge, but there is something so satisfying in having an overwhelming army that you just spent 3 hours running around assembling. I like the introduction of Boss fights into this game, but please let us bring in our full army and wreak havoc!
11. Maybe it's just me, but the AI is super hard on the Scenarios. I can barely beat a single AI on Easy let alone levels with multiple enemies. I have no idea how the enemy assembles such a huge army before I do, etc. Maybe I just suck, I don't know (I don't think I suck that badly). That's just another issue I have.

Overall, I love this game. It has given me hours of playability, and for that I am grateful. It is a visually-stunning and beautiful game. The Inferno is so hard to look at, but the beauty of the Sanctuary makes up for it. If they make a Heroes VII I hope it is a lot like Heroes VI, but with the changes I have suggested. Take away a cliche Demon threat and give us some other storyline. Let the armies grow like they did with 3DO and Heroes V so the Might heroes can thrive, and take the recharges off the spells so the Magic heroes can thrive. I recommend this game highly, but with those caveats.

What is dead may never die!
-- Kingsley
 

stuartlkingsley
12 products in account
2
51 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2019
Oddly enough I RECOMMEND this game! I think it's a pretty good game and there's a lot to enjoy here. The story is maybe one of the best in the series and the gameplay is faithful to the Heroes formula we all love and enjoy. However I DO NOT RECOMMEND you TO BUY this game. Instead I recommend you to pirate it because there is a higher possibility that the pirated version will work normally on your PC. Frankly, Ubisoft has left the game in a pretty inexcusable state and it doesn't even start on Windows 10 unless you fix it yourselves. Just visit the Steam forums and you will see the hundreds of posts about people searching for ways to fix the bugs, low fps rates, crashes, etc. Also apparently you can't even contact game support anymore so good luck trying to fix the game yourselves. This is why you SHOULDN'T give money to Ubisoft, they don't give a damn so why should you?
 

THE DARK AVATAR
89 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2013
Honestly, just don't buy this game. Ubisoft did a number on the game, especially with their support.

I seriously love the series, and have been playing them since the first installment. So I started playing VI, and quite enjoyed, except that I was surprised by the amount of bugs and game-crashes it had. But then, in October 2012, the game just froze everytime the city-screen opened. Searching through the fora I was not the only one with that issue. It took a few weeks for any update on this issue.
The reaction of Ubisoft for 6 months long (!) was: "just don't update your NVIDIA drivers, and go back to an older version of NVIDIA, untill we release a patch in April 2013".
I bought a game and have been unable to play it for 6 months. It's now december 2013, ubisoft have stopped the support for the game since september, and it is STILL riddled with dozens of bugs.

Just don't get it. Hope for another publisher to revive the series and put some love into it.
 

Nevele
512 products in account
3
150 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
102.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2013
I've decided to mini-review the M&M Heroes 6 + expansions pack, after finishing the entire campaign series.


Without further ado, gameplay-wise!

Gameplay Strong Points:
Fairly Competent AI most of the time.
Last series of fixes have reduced exploitability by a fair margin
Campaign objectives make sense.
Decent series of units, most complement each other.
Heroes matter, a lot.

Gameplay weak Points:
Migh vs Magic heroes...Magic heroes often end grossly overpowered for campaign play.
AI during skirmishes either wins all neutral battles flawlessly, or gets stuck without a fair army.
AI coded to do the same series of attacks over and over again.
Game still liable to CTD, especially with nvidia graphics cards.
AI failmoves, but what game doesn't have that?


Story, Graphics and Misc. Good Points.
Campaigns last you quite a few hours each.
Dynasty goodies, special side quests and hidden bonusses makes exploring a reward.
Maps offer different approaches, lots of goodies and quite a challenge at times.

Bad points.
Story and dialogue wise, it's pretty generic. I personally didn't really care for the story much, deeming the theme and way the theme was handled overused.
Campaign mission difficulty gaps. Some missions are insanely hard, only to be followed up with a cakewalk, or vice versa. Some missions also require replays because they punish a mistake you made early on a few steps from endgame.
Tear of Asha. Cute that it's included, but ends up being overkill on half the maps it's given on.
No Random Map Generator, killing the replay value of the skirmish maps very, very much.
Item Placement at skirmish maps makes no sense, oftentimes giving you a completed moon disk/tear/full set/epic artifacts/et cetera ad nauseum before even getting past flagging your first mines.


Overall though, it's not as bad as people yell at times and certainly worth a try if you're into the type of game, especially if it goes on sale.
The full package, even when lacking a RMG for skirmish + obvious flaws during the playthroughs, still holds a bit of appeal.

If I'd have to grade the game without comparing it to previous games of the series, it'd come out on a 7-(6.75 for those unfamiliar with +s and -'s).

Worth a try if you like the series or the genre, do pass if it's not up your alley.

 

Shirome Artiste
114 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
192.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2021
Would I suggest you buy this game at full price? No. Would I suggest you buy this game when it's on sale? Absolutely. Not the beautifully blended fantasy epic it once was, but close enough.

That being said, i've been playing heroes of might and magic games since I was a young boy and I think I know a thing or two about the series at his point. Some pros and cons.

PROS:

- Beautifull visuals. Perhaps not a reason to fully fling yourself into any game, but i'll be damned if it doesn't enhance the experience. This game is aesthetically stunning and a treat to sit and stare at, provided your PC can actually handle the decently powered graphics.

- improved combat. If you're a fan of the older games then i'm sure you've got a fair few grievances with the combat system, or more specifically some of the more cumbersome annoyances such as an uncontrollable trebuchet (unless you get a very specific ability), and obstacles that should be used as cover - that don't actually provide any cover from enemy projectiles. This game thankfully fixing those pet peeves and plenty more, with common sense taking the spotlight.

- Character creation/point tree. This might be more offensive to some of the more hardcore oldschool players of the series, but I can say with absolute certainty that it truly brings nothing but joy to my heart. Many character portraits to choose from, fully nameable and with unique ability attachments so that any character you make comes with it's own "special power." Instead of having to choose between random traits and ability's, you now spend experience points on a ready to go skill tree which offers so much more freedom of creative choice than previous games in the series. Those who tend to make their own narrative when they go into single player games, you'll love this.

- Fort system/faction morph. Ever captured a town in one of the previous games and felt dismayed that it wasn't your faction? Fear not, for now you can morph it (for a price) into a town mirroring your faction! Forts now exist too, dicing the map up into provinces sometimes containing towns, sometimes containing defensible forts. Forts can be one of two things; a nice aesthetic addition to the scenery for your passing army, or an absolute godsend.

CONS:

- Fewer Factions. Compared to V which had 8 if you include the DLC races, this one only has 6, which wouldn't perhaps be the end of the world if more than one was actually unique and they hadn't removed two fan favourites (Wood elves/ Wizards.)

- Lackluster tier 8 units. massively toned down in terms of raw power, the shift in battle tone focuses on tier 4-7 creatures instead. Tier 8 creatures are now essentially just heavy support, making them either only a minor help (depending on the faction) or a straight up annoyance taking up room in your army.

- Bigger maps!...smaller resources. Maps are now filled with wonderful scenery in excellent sizes, but with only three resource types instead of the previous 6 meaning cutting off an enemies supply is not only easier, it's also more tedious. You want to set up a supply chain? gotta wander halfway across this giant map. Somehow the game becomes both easier and harder at the same time, and both in the most annoying ways.

- Game breaking bugs. My, good, God. I've owned this game for about 6 years now. Have I been able to play it for all of that time? goodness no, a third if that. If it wasn't blackscreens upon startup then it was a complete inability to start the game at all which has pestered me up until even today (i'm still desperate to play the game again, but after three years you kind of lose hope.) Patches,homemade coding, even official advice from the various help areas failed to get it working and mine isn't a unique case, this game's start up isn't made to last. Please keep this in mind of you buy, make sure you have the best recommendations on your PC or run the risk of it failing all-together.

Overall: I love the series, and despite its shortcomings this game is a pleasant addition. The game breaking start up bugs make the whole experience a game of chance however, not to mention it's quite the talent being able to make a game that is somehow bigger yet smaller at the same time! That being said, I do have a soft spot for this lovable mess and provided the game doesn't clap out for you, newcomers to the series will certainly find enjoyment for hours and hours of fantasy fun.
 

FilthyMeme
121 products in account
0
459 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2013
Forces you to install UPlay and requires always-on connection to Ubisoft's Conflux service which is often down.
 

michal.nowak
139 products in account
3
33 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2018
Product refunded

Unplayable (game cannot start, "stopped working" at the spalsh screen).
The Forums are full of annoyed customers who are unable to play.
This is dissapointing.
 

bigfoot_yeti
81 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2014
Bought this "game" with a few other friends. It didn't work for any of us. Some couldn't install it at all, the rest couldn't connect to a game. We didn't end up playing it. At all. Steam refused to give any of us a refund or even wallet credit for the game. Told us to deal with ubitrash. Ubitrash proceeded to ignore our requests for support. Steam's response was so disappointing we were too afraid to purchase anything from the steam store for months.
 

Phil
206 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
Might be a great game, but since Ubisoft forces Uplay upon me I can't play the game anymore because I upgraded my pc.
Tried to reset the password several times but the great application Uplay and the fantastic support system at Ubisoft have not managed ( after several attempts over several weeks) to reset my password so that I can log on and be allowed to play the game I have bought.

Also note that if your internett connnection goes down or if you want to play somewhere without a internet connection. Sorry no can do because you must be connected to "unlock" your game with the great oh so stable Uplay app which is crappy and unstable.

Sorry Ubisoft you have lost me as a customer forever. It should be enough that we autenticate thru Steam.
Uplay is just a stupid low life paranoid controll freak application.


EDIT:

After getting some Assasins creed game as a prensent from my bro I once again had to try to get uplay to work. Tried the unbiisoft homepage and password reset yet again without luck.
Then after nagging on ubisofts FB page i finally got in touch with support and the person i talked to was very helpfull and we figured it out and could reset my PW.
 

Staagga
99 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
216.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2021
The UBISOFT portal is layered within the Steam portal. Except UBISOFT needs a lot of password entry. Steam doesn't. So you'll be crusing along a storyline, and some update forces you to go find your UBISOFT password to use inside of the game you bought on Steam. I'm sure there are work arounds, but who cares? I had to get this game loaded using workarounds. That was enough investment. I'm the customer. NOT the programmer. I stopped playing in the middle of the Inferno campaign. Over a required password login. I'm on Steam because it's NOT Blizzard. Or UBISOFT. My appologies to the creators of Heroes. I can't appreciate you. Probably due to some corporate requirement for Steam to port through to Ubisoft. Save yourself the hassle of digging into how to get the game to boot, ONLY to follow it up with the crying baby frequency of an additional password screen.
 

SordidTail
24 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2017
Ubisoft ruins another good series.... Have to sign into their server to play the game and if you lose connection, it will kick you out to the main menu. When you log back in, you lose some of your progress. This will be the last game that I buy from Ubisoft.
 

Ruh_roh
111 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
25.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 3
How to fixing black screen when starting the game:

-open your game installed folder
-find "Game.exe" then right click > Properties > Compatibility > select "Disable fullscreen optimizations"
-Right click "Game.exe" again > Run as an administrator.

-Enjoy. (and pray for no more problems)
better do not support a company that ruined your favorite game, Ubisvck.
 

ｐｒｏｚ
674 products in account
1
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2020
I do not want Uplay on my PC...I bought this game on Steam so why do I need ANOTHER useless program?
This is the reason so many people crack games. It is not about money it is about forcing us to do something we do not want and need.
I played it before and I loved it but installing another program on my Pc WITHOUT my permission is wrong and I do not support this behavior.
 

VieleVieleBunteSmarties
573 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2014
I'd sure like to play this game. Ubisoft servers are down so I can't.

Boy I sure like spending money on games I can't play.
 

ShadowNDust
96 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2018
abosolutely crushed that this game does not work and every person in the forums has the same problems (black screen on load). why is it a company would allow a broken game to be sold to people who have to go through a myriad of steps in order to potentially get to play it, not garunteed.
 

Joe Dirte
4 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2013
BEWARE: The game tend to freeze on certain Nvidia graphics cards, with no fix to my knowledge. I have Geforce 640M and the game freezes about every hour. That is the reason for my short game time. I'm still waiting for a fix.

However it's a good game which brings back some of the features people loved in Heroes of Might and Magic 3 - like isometric view far superior to the 3D view from HoMM V. The skill system, however, is restructured to a static tech tree stripped from random elements from the Mage Guilds, which is removed. I don't particulary like it.
 

Spunar
465 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
314.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2014
It could be the best Heroes of Might & Magic game until now. (Well, it's not)

First of all, if you angry with this game, you shouldn't be. You should angry with Ubisoft and their game policies.

When the game came for the first time, it was awful. But with time and updates it's quite better now. (Also, I'm still play HoMM 3 which is the best Heroes game.)

Here are the pros and cons basicly (according to complete edition)

Pros:
- Might & Magic universe
- Heroes III like town screens
- Nice storyline
- Gigantic maps and very long playtimes for hotseat

Cons:
- UPlay
- Conflux
- Less ores and minerals, so it makes the game easier.

Last word: They must remake HoMM III with this game engine.
(Edit: They'll release HoMM III HD Edition, at least it's something.)
 

Mitsukuni
896 products in account
5
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2016
You have got to be kidding me in this day and age.

It's a great game... hands down, but the fact that I have to sync Steam and UPlay, not great but ok. I played the first mission half of the second mission then got a message that I was disconnected from online. I know it wasn't from my side because you tube is still going strong... ok so servers crash I get sent back to the main menu ... no problem I will just start the auto-save and I won't loose much because I just finished a battle with the other duke.... WHAT NO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AUTO SAVE IN THIS DAY AND AGE THAT IS JUST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LAZY PROGRAMMING ... I lost 3 hours of my life and ALL MY PROGRESS so I am not even on mission 2 I have to start all the way back from THE TUTORIAL. UN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ REAL.
 

mbova407
136 products in account
1
52 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
185.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
While the game itself "as is" is not so bad, the following are the points which are just plainly put, true facts which heavily outweight the positive points of the game:

- Gamebreaking bugs present
- No continuing support from Ubisoft
- Broken 3rd party DRM that you have to forcefully shut down with task manager (after you closed it with regular means via UI).
- Tactical field in sqares and not hexagons (simply put - from software engineering perspective squares are "easier" to implement).
- No communication with community in forums.
- Game must be 24/7 connected to internet (Conflux). Not a problem, except in cases where the "Conflux" is down whole weekends.
- Scenario has a "canon" story progression which must be played in specific order to really enjoy the campaign; there are many people who simply played a single faction from start to end and just spoiled the whole story. The campaign must be played with each faction in parallel...these details were not present anywhere ingame...details were provided in forums not by Ubisoft, but by the fanbase which analysed the story progression across all factions mission by mission.
- Might & Magic system which is totally ridiculous and not connected with original titles (Gain new spells by putting your level up point in a spell...there are no random spells to be found, or spells researched in towns).
- The supposed morale (Tears and Blood) system which should have led to many many different kinds of endings, yields only just a minor difference in the final missions (you end up with one or another hero accompanying you). Therefore this system is there just to sprinkle confetti around in E3 presentations and etc.

Some good things:
+ Art & music i guess.
 

Ragnaman
825 products in account
3
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2018
You've heard about that game. "It's not Heroes 3". Well here's basic review: it looks and sounds nice and basic gameplay is OK. It's not offensive in any way. Devs did a good job streamlining gameplay giving it a more strategic feel: maps are clear, objectives are well defined. It has less of a sandbox feel and more of a turn-based strategy game not unlike short Total War scenarios. All the online stuff can be ignored.

And know a less brief version.

Two things stopped me playing. One is regrettable because it could be fixed. Campaigns are bad. Story is fine but the presentation of sad story is quite bad. World itself is fine, the premise is good even: siblings are divided and deal with three-way ancient war as leaders of several factions. However the way the story is told is subpar to say the least. Dialogue is pretentious and dumb. They switch from dumb puns ("Your bloodline has short life expectancy" - Lich girl: "I am THE UNLIVING proof of that") to pseudophilosophical reflections on a nature of human soul. Heroes campaigns never were masterpieces of literature but they were usually better than this and it all was in text, not in dialogue form, it works even worse than Heroes 5 static cutscenes. Campaigns also have bad map design. Many of them are just linear. If the enemy is too strong you wait in your castle fighting him. When you have more creatures you go get some stat increase structure and go fight the enemy. It also doesn't really scale with difficulty. On Hard difficulty even tutorial campaign takes a long time - but it's not like you can lose it, you just wait for new soldiers to be born. Then there are missions where you don't have a castle and thus can't play waiting game; those are practically unbeatable on Hard difficulty because of how limited your army is. Second Necropolis mission is like that. That's not a good gameplay.

Second problem is systemic and it's in the core of the game. Previous Heroes games had a great balance between sandbox and strategy. You could get powerful skill, spell and artifact combination, on random maps you could find a castle of different type and maintain two very different armies, maybe even get some special creatures from map dwellings. Still it was a strategy game and faction armies were the core of the game. Here faction armies are all you get (plus maybe rare creatures you get through diplomacy), all the skills are the one you get, artifacts are boring. Any castle that doesn't suit your army you convert and it's cheap. Every castle shares a pool of creatures, so there's even no sense in splitting armies: the game even highlights it by making your main hero face physically bigger. Maps have few structures, stat enhancing buildings don't have noticeable impact; levelup is where you get power. Armies themselves are well defined and play differently; yet there are still just 5 real armies in the game. When you play you'll probably get the same spells for your hero, your enemy will probably do the same. There's no wonder in battle. Does my enemy have Haste? Doesn't matter, your enemy has a specific tactic he consciously chose, there's no artful dealing with the hand random numbers generator has dealt you.

I dropped campaign. Then I played a single scenario game and it was about employing an obvious strategy, every battle felt like it doesn't matter - armies are balanced, so numbers of armies decide everything.

It would be fine if I didn't know that game was already done better.
 

Aleksei.Volchok
518 products in account
5
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
272.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2014
I strongly recommend you play this game if you love turn based strategy games, RPG games, or are a sucker for a good story. Easily one of the best strategy games I have ever played (and I have played a hell of a lot!) - don't be scared of UPlay and Conflux (more on this later).

The game is at its core a Turn Based Strategy game, but also has strong RPG elements - levelling up, skill points, hero inventory, reputation points, faction variations etc.
I would strongly suggest watching some YouTube videos to see how the game plays out.
Briefly speaking you have a game map where you move your heroes around, collect various items/dynasty weapons for your hero's inventory as well as wood, ore, crystal, gold and fight neutrals. There are also various structures you can interact with which confer various bonuses, or grant units for your army etc.
On this map there are various towns and forts which you fight to capture, and once captured you build up to allow you to recruit more units, higher level units or get bonuses for your battles.

Battles involve moving stacks of units around on a grid, destroying enemy stacks in a variety of ways. There are a large variety of units in the game, roughly 7 types per faction - each with an upgraded version so really 14 per faction. Units often have special abilities, like being able to puppet enemy units to do your bidding, or charge through stacks slaughtering ally and enemy alike. All the factions have very different units so it never gets boring.

In addition to units being moved around, your heroes can also use various abilities each turn, you can unlock more by spending skill points as you level up. There are loads of hero skills split in to Might types or Magic types, and these are futher classified into many sub-groups, too many to list here, but for instance for the Magic branch you have separate skill trees for Fire, Water, Light, Dark, Earth, Air, Prime (not all are accessible for each faction)
Hero Dynasty weapons can also grant more abilities, as can items - many items come in sets (Diablo style) and wearing the full set can give you some very nice bonuses.

There are Five factions in the main game (Haven, Inferno, Sanctuary, Stronghold, Necropolis), and a Sixth faction (Dungeon) in the expansion Shades of Darkness - which I also strongly recommend you get! Each faction has completely different units, different available skill trees, faction specific abilities, reputation abilities, different game play and look very different too.

Sound and music in the game is awesome, the battle sound track is stuck in my head.
Graphics are amazing too; the detail on the maps, on the units, structures, flora is great. Even the main menu has switchable themes - all of which are great (personal favourite is the dungeon one).
The loading screens have some really nice drawings too, I had the Haven one as a wallpaper for some time.
Units have really nice animations, and even have idle animations - Dungeon's Assassin starts spinning his daggers above his head like helicopter rotor blades and gets lifted off his feet and then drops down headfirst (all an animation - has no effect on gameplay..!), Vampires start playing rock music and using their swords as an electric guitar - really shocked me the first time it happened -"where is that rock music coming from..?"

The storyline is amazing - I was eager to learn more just after the intro video!
The game is split into many different campaigns - each campaign has up to 4 missions. The core game has one tutorial campaign, and then one campaign for each of the five core factions. The expansions add four more campaigns.

The story is great but as the core campaigns all run simultaneously in the story chronology, it is possible to play one mission in one campaign and then ruin the story for yourself as you now know the outcome of another mission for another faction that you haven't played yet.

I would recommend you play the Custom games and Campaign missions in the following order:

Heart of Nightmares (Custom game accessed via the Custom game option in the main menu!), Prologue 1, Prologue 2, Stronghold 1, Sanctuary 1, Haven 1, Inferno 1, Necropolis 1, Stronghold 2, Sanctuary 2, Haven 2, Necropolis 2, Sanctuary 3, Stronghold 3, Inferno 2, Necropolis 3, Inferno 3, Sanctuary 4, Stronghold 4, Haven 3, Necropolis 4, Haven 4, Inferno 4, Epilogues, Pirates of the Savage Sea Campaign, Danse Macabre Campaign, Dungeon Campaign, Necropolis Campaign 2.

Maybe copy-paste that list into a text file somewhere and delete missions as you complete them!

The only issue some people have, is with UPlay. Upon installing the game via Steam, you may have issues launching the game. Just install the latest Uplay off the Ubisoft site, see this link: http://steamcommunity.com/app/48220/discussions/0/45350245398257355/

Another issue is that fighting neutrals can get repetitive as they are often so weak. Turn on Quick Battle in the options menu, and if you have a decent army, the battle will be resolved for you automatically.

Gameplay tips - The Reinforcements skill is the key to victory in most scenarios early on- use it on stacks that are going to attack / get attacked and you will never have any losses from your main army.

If you have other issues, just ask in the Steam Forum for the game, there are plenty of people that can help there!

I'll say it again, I strongly recommend you play this game! Or you can just wait for Heroes of Might and Magic VII which is currently in development - can vote on factions to appear in the game etc on the developer's website!
 

Asamoya
99 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
117.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2019
Game is fun. Uplay is not. Ubisoft will unintentionally ♥♥♥♥ you over and over again as you discover new little things about uplay that give you a headache. forget your password and try a couple of times? locked out for minimum one hour. finally get password changed and logged back in and try to play your game? cant log into the conflux password incorrect. Is uplays service working for you but you have a nvidia driver? now you have to force the game to start in windowed mode through the ini. in short, the game is fun, but ubisoft eats ass
 

Kai of Barbaria
101 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1,793.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 1
Have owned it for a while and it was enjoyable, but now Ubisoft is not supporting it anymore and it will no longer load. You need to go through their launcher, but since the game is no longer supported it will not load.

Paid money for the game when it was released and now game access is revoked because they want you to buy a new version or something. Will never buy a game produced by them again.
 

Smurfalypse
69 products in account
0
102 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2014
UPlay is annoying. Also, can we please go back to HoMM3?
 

THE BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
285 products in account
1
57 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
144.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 7, 2015
"Warning: This title uses 3rd party DRM (Ubisoft Uplay)"
That's all the warning anyone should need to know to run away from a game like the plague.
 

kainono
231 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2020
The game simply does not launch.
The black screen simulator.
Tested on Surface Laptop (latest Windows 10 build).
 

Mr Navigator
45 products in account
0
152 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2014
This was a gift and you have to register through Ubi-soft's UPlay which doesn't work and hasn't worked for over two weeks. I reinstalled the game and it still required UPlay before playing and it would simply not load.
UPlay support is off-line or won't respond. A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. But Ubi-soft has always been bad, almost as bad as EA. Save your money and buy Age of Wonders II.
 

Red Devil MU
99 products in account
3
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
262.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2019
I have 262 hours played on this game, so please take my review with a grain of salt.

This is one of the best Might&Magic games made, on par with Might&Magic V, but, alas, as an Ubisoft game is plagued by bugs. I played the game during the beta and yes, it had plenty of bugs, they fixed most of them at launch, but after they moved on with development to other games, they didn't maintained it, the bugs resurfaced and now we have this mess.

They introduced lots of new and cool things, like the racial abilites(which filled on certain conditions), the ability/hero tree which allowed you to plan the abilites of your heroes and not be at the mercy of RNG like in previous Might&Magic titles and they option of destroying a faction's city and rebuilding it into your own faction city.

I finished 3 of the campaigns on Hard difficulty(Human, Undead and Dark Elf), tried to finish the Naga campaign(please bear with me, played the game on launch mostly, forgot the race's name) and found an horrible bug, like you get to a cut scene and the game freezes.

In my opinion it is a better game then Might&Magic: Heroes VII, but only if it was bug free.

With a heavy heart, although i would love to recommend it, i can't do that considering the current state of the game.

And this is not even considering the Uplay problems the other players reported.

Not sure if they would ever devote resources to fix the bugs of an old game. Maybe someone might try to make a community patch to fix all the bugs(but not sure if Ubisoft would allow access to their code)? :)
 

ByLulzBePurged
31 products in account
0
96 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2014
It's a decent game, you'll really enjoy it if you do like the Heroes franchise, there's really nothing else to be said.

HOWEVER... It does force Uplay on you and in most of my experiences with the game its been messing with the online play and it doesn't really matter if its fun because in the end, Ubisofts DRM makes it unplayable and it grows really tiresome after a while and when you want to play with friends, well you can't. Simple as that.

The mix with servers not working, online play not working and Uplay is ruining the experience, this is not the 90s we shouldn't have to spend hours to try and fix problems with our games when all we wanted to do was to play online with friends, its disgraceful to release a game with software like this.

This is how i would rate this game:
7/10 - Single player
1/10 - multiplayer because its unplayable and it will drain the fun right out of you.

This is the game that made me boycotte Ubisoft games because they're just not a PC-friendly company.
 

Bloodstainer™
495 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
167.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2021
I had this game for 8 years , haven't entered on my ubisoft for more than a year and ubisoft decided to delete my account with all my games. Not purchasing any more ubisoft products , contacted support asked to restore account or give new keys for the owned games , they declined , screw Ubisoft , greedy donkeys.
 

󠀠
207 products in account
4
95 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2014
The first day I purchased the game is the only time I've played it, cannot log on since fails to start, contact through email no response. Can't use the purchased key I recieved. NO help at all very upset with steam and ubisoft. Why sell a game thorugh your web site you can't trouble shoot
 

Jobeertae
6 products in account
1
19 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2019
Don't buy this game!
I bought the game disk many years ago and it was fun until it stopped working one day. I saw the game in the summer sale so I decided to give it another chance and to hope that it will maybe work. No matter what I did, the uplay launcher is so terrible and doesn't allow me to enter the game. I tried reinstalling like 5 times and doing different things, and even contacted A ubisoft customer support agent who was extremely unhelpful.
I paid for this game TWICE, wasted 6 HOURS on trying to just play, and still CAN'T PLAY the game. Ever since I tried to download the game POPUP ADS jump from my pc(!!!)
I almost never review anything but I warn you- please don't buy this game.
 

afarfur24
83 products in account
3
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2021
TLDR: THE GAME DOESN'T WORK and Ubisoft's still selling it knowing full well that IT DOESN'T ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WORK!!!

... SIgh... I hate that I have to do this, but apparently Ubisoft's still trying to trick people into buying this game, WHICH DOESN'T WORK, so let me tell you a little story about my experiences with this game.

I used to like this game, back when it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WORKED, and managed to play it a bit before the dungeon-focussed expansion hit. Even before then I still had my fair share of trouble with Ubisoft and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ launcher, I actually had to get hold of Ubisofts customer service department just to get the base game working back when I got it. Then the dungeon expansion hit, demanding that I once AGAIN get hold of customer service to actually get my Ubisoft account to register that I bought it, and a short while after that they released an update that broke the game. Back then Ubisoft said it was an error with a G-force update that landed on the same day, but mne and my cousin were both playing it, him on a G-force card and me on a Radeon card, and it stopped working for both of us, so I find that hard to believe.

The game still doesn't work, I repeat... THIS GAME STILL DOESN'T WORK, and until they fix it Ubisoft can go die in a fire for all I care.

Do yourself a favor and skip this one... it'll bring you more anguish than anything else.
 

Mighty Falcon
514 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 30, 2018
♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the devs for literally having a game on the steam store THAT DOES NOT EVEN LAUNCH ANYMORE.
 

Tommyyards
302 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2015
The game relies on the "UPlay launcher" which, unfortunately, doesn't work (it loses saved games and crashes randomly).

Avoid.
 

robotmonkeys
148 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
67.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2013
Ugh, sunk a lot of hours into this (60), tried really hard to like it, as I played all other Heroes games... but this game is such a complete fail at its core that its just impossible to really enjoy. When every mission is based on AI cheating through the roof to make it challenging, thats just unacceptable for a game in this day and age.
I read the developers blog after they finished the game and were closed down, looks like UBI Soft really screwed them, which is a shame, and they didnt get to finish half of the game mechanics they were going to, which is also a shame. This game is a massive mess with fairly pretty graphics, but for Heroes series fans, its a tomb.
 

SubTerran
124 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
126.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2020
I am oldfa_g, played starting from Heroes 1 till Heroes 5 and finished games multiple time. Heroes 6 and 7 were not that much interesting to me at the time of release. I remember Heroes 6 back then and it had a big load of bugs, broken scripts and unbalance. But now it is different story. The game was nowhere near the current quality state. Blackhole did a great job of fixing and optimizing this game, though installation was clumsy and I wanted to give up, but the game itself runs perfectly (Windows 10, use compatibility mode with Win 8 + Disable optimizations in MightAndMagic.exe settings). Story is awesome, music is awesome, graphic is sexy. I really enjoy it as I enjoyed older titles. Recommended!
 

Yip
127 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
On top of having to be online via Steam, you have to be online via UPlay, AND online via Ubisoft's CONFLUX. This is just to play the game at all.

This is a travesty to the Heroes name and the Might & Magic game. Ubisoft have failed miserably.
 

Absnerdity
1,408 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2020
What is the most infuriating is that even if you bought this game on Steam, you can not play it without logging into Ubisoft account. Several years later you have no idea what email was used for Uplay? Tough luck, you can not launch the game, even if it is legally in your Steam library. But it is for the best, previous installments in HoMM series are much better anyway.

TL;DR version - Just play HoMM V instead.
 

Tianka
357 products in account
2
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
140.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2021
Written by a hardcore HoMM 3 player since 1999 ~

This game is a love letter for us long time fans.
Heroes 6 managed to make an amazing experience on the strategic and the narrative fields, I felt a lot of care in the details and boldness on its gameplay.

Pros -

* Till now HoMM was build on a mechanism of 7 tiers of creatures in each town, where it was always a matter of quantity vs quality, the creature's grow increases as the tiers is lower. A matter of quantity < quality, a tier 4 was more worthwhile then tier 3 and ect. (Except of specific cases, like Vampires).
Now it's a way more interesting system, the game is is divided by only 3 tiers (Core, Elite & Champion). The first 2 have 3 creatures in each and any town has only 1 champion. I'ts still a matter of quality being more important then quantity, but now each creature is more special and competes on a much bigger spectrum of equal challenge.

* There are no plain worthless creatures. Each unit has interesting special abilities that benefits the tactic of their town.

* Spells have cooldowns, so no more annoying game ruining spell spams.

* Amazing skill tree. This is new to the series, now you can choose how to improve your hero, but there are still some restrictions - Might heroes can get the top level might skill, and only magic heroes have access to the most powerful spells. There is no more 'Mage guild' (!), now you spend skill points to learn your desired spell. This means that there was also a big balance in them since previous games. To make it more variable, now each faction her has access to only some of the magic elements. Lastly, you have a full section dedicated to secondary heroes, at last you have a proper reason to level them up!

* The story is great. It's all about a royal family of 5 siblings that are divided by some events. Each one of them found themselves with a different faction and eventually have to work together. Each campaign follows his individual chronological timeline, and you get to see the influence of other campaigns colliding together.
You can see here the right order to play for a linear experience https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/605242-might-and-magic-heroes-vi/60715438

* Each faction hero has a special faction skill that benefits the faction tactic.

* Heroes can be ether good (tear path) or bad (blood path) with ads more depth to your hero building. Now you can have 4 types of heroes with different skills (Might tear, might blood, magic tear & magic blood). Also each has a different class name in each faction.

* The music. Never let's down, amazing pieces.

* Each town can create a 'Town Portal'. They just could balance it, so I'ts genius that what actually fixed it was to give a equal chance to teleport to each town.

* You can buy all your creatures available from any town. Now you don't need 3 despicable "Heroes" to run errands like a "Postman Simulator" collecting army.

Cons -

* Ubisoft,

* You can't see what creatures each hero possess, witch is kind of tedious many times.

* Hot-Seat exist, but it's just kind of "thrown" there. It just doesn't feel completed, like as they just put it there cos they had to.

* Sanctuary, the new town. It was a good idea in theory, a Japanese style town made from water spirits. In practice it kind of sucks... It's a defensive focused faction with forgettable units.

* If the Internet disconnects then it throws you out of the game (Again,,, Ubisoft)

* Limited save files for each game type... like, why?

* There is a place for a 5th faction trait but there is no way to get it. This is not really a "Con" as it doesn't affect the game in any way, but still, It bums me.

* No more support. Ever. (...Ubisoft...)

In conclusion this is a MUST for any 'turn-base strategy games' fun.
 

Rino Manzana
291 products in account
2
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2019
Go to your Steam folder on whichever hardrive you have it on and then into steamapps>common>Might and Magic Heroes VI and right click the Might and Magic Heroes VI. exe then properties>compatibilty and check the Disable full screen optimization and click apply to get past the endless blackscreen load.
 

Gilgamesh
66 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2016
Honestly the only bad thing about this game is stupid Conflux/Uplay system that randomly disconnects.
Imagine when you fight a really big battle with PC that you have doing for 20 mins or so and suddenly you get DC-ed and return to Main Menu cause that happens...alot
Not to mention that somehow my CDkey is registred to different Uplay account and guys from Ubisoft arent really helpful
 

elio779
53 products in account
1
103 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2015
After being in love with Heroes 2 and 3 i thought this game would be great. Now that UBIsoft own the game franchise I feel there is no more passion being put into it.

Since Ubisoft FORCE you to have Uplay i cant play it by its self, which is a problem when Uplay doesnt want to work on my computer. Ive fixed it once and I know that a lot of people have had issues with it. Im not going to bother a second time.

This is the last Ubisoft game I shall ever buy!
 

Big Tuna
439 products in account
1
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
99.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
Don't let something like uPlay ruin an otherwise great game. This game is tough as balls too.

I actually don't even mind uPlay.
 

MisterFister
680 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2014
Just bought the game for 75% off but I can't play it because the UBISOFT launcher crashes every time I start the game :(
 

steel_scbri
103 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
Uplay crashes constantly
 

johan
60 products in account
1
57 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
139.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2014
Due to Ubisoft log-in system - I have never been able to play the game. Even though the game says that I have spend 150+ hours on it.... Come on
 

tobias.brakhage
66 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,270.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2021
Well, I have over 2200 hours played in this game, so, I would guess that I would recommend it.
 

gary
67 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2014
UPLAY........enough said, cannot get passed uplay login screen crashes every single time.
 

OHTHEBABY
121 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2018
I don't understand...

Compared to HOMM III there are:
-less resources
-less monsters
-less items
-less musical score
-less maps
-smaller maps
and the list goes on

This game was made almost 20 years later than HOMM III, how did the franchise get worse?
 

Turtle
232 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
765.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2018
Great game, AI is okay, 1000 times better then Heroes VII.
Only real problem is Ubsoft, Uplay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ junk, always has been,
always will be. Reinstalled the game on the same computer, now it
just loads forever, cant even kill the process with task manager.

Uplay needs to be destroyed, along with the people that created it.
 

Flawed
29 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2018
There is a cruel irony to how 'perfectly' Ubisoft launcher is 'broken'. Please save yourself the headache, never try to replay (even if already in your library) or buy any Ubisoft game older than a year.
Yes you will feel nostalgic, yes you'll sway for some discounted price, yes it will simply have stopped working.
 

MisterJero
61 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
123.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2013
Heroes VI has its problems: required internet connection to play, shoddy save syncing, and a long string of support patches that fix certain bugs while causing others.

However, one thing alone will make Heroes VI a worthwhile purchase for many: Heroes VI is a love letter written by the develoeprs to the fans of the golden days of the Heroes franchise (1, 2, and 3).

A plethora of small details in this game recall the older titles that Heroes fans fell in love with. Just to list a few: they've brought back some of the best of the old musical scores, done away with the worst (although sadly not all) of the shoddy gameplay elements of 4 and 5, and they've even included a Heroes 6 version of one of the most iconic Heroes maps ever created: Broken Alliance.

Long story short, if you've never played a Heroes of Might and Magic game in your life, then the flaws with this game may make it more frustrating to you than it's worth. But if you're a die hard Heroes fan yearning for the glory days, and you're willing to put up with a few bugs, this game is a real gem.
 

Otterbjorn
318 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2015
I would love to play this game.........EXCEPT F*CKING UPLAY WON'T WORK SO I CNA'T EVEN PLAY IT THIS IS MONEY DOWN THE DRAIN
 

Cpt. Sai
82 products in account
4
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
88.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2018
I love this game but it doesnt launch and doesnt work I cant believe Steam would even allow them to sell this on their store when it doesnt work.
I would be disappointed again 10 out of 10 rating from me.
 

DrFungalBooty
480 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2021
They broke the game and now you have to do stupid fixes just to get it to launch, thanks uplay/ubisoft launcher.
 

Gravedigger
1,148 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2016
This game finally convinced me that all you need in life is HoMM 3.
 

Puns and Proses
266 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
66.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2018
The core problem with the game is simple: the AI is playing a completely different game. You're over there playing 4d chess or whatever, building up your army/hero etc like a boss, meanwhile the AI just gets free armies that grow in size at ridiculous rates infinitely so unless you rush them down and crush them ASAP, you eventually just lose.

There's definitely some cool ideas in here and having generally liked HOMM series I wanted to like it, but yea nah fam skip this one.
 

Cryswar
274 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
75.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2019
Ubisoft DRM is the worst- I was really hoping that the game being on Steam would bypass all that crap, but apparently not. And since I apparently linked my old ubisoft account with a google authenticator (haven't owned that phone in years), I can't play the game at all anymore (can't log in to Uplay without two-factor authentication, can't turn off TFA without logging in first).
The game itself was fun while it lasted, but the actual software is trash.
 

NickGlowsinDark
362 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2019
If you are on a windows 10 pc you have to run the game in compatibility mode (win8). Tick checkbox to disable fullscreen optimization.

Great game to me. I only play single player, so I cant speak about multiplayer. Not quite as many creature options as previous games, but to be honest some of them were redundant anyway, and this allows for each faction to really feel unique having different playstyles, for example instead of every faction having more or less the same units with different skins, some factions have hi tier ranged, or low tier mellee powerhouses

Anyway... I'm pretty much just putting this review because all of the negative reviews from people that didn't even bother to try to make the game work.
 

Fenomenom
461 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2017
I don't understand why everyone is complaining that the game doesn't run. It runs fine on both my Win10 and Vista systems. So far I like this game better than Heroes V because the graphics are nicer, but not as well as Heroes III. They are pretty much all the same game as far as game mechanics go. I agree Ubisoft Uplay is a royal pain. Uplay adds nothing useful to the game experience. I bought this game in the bundle with III and V so didn't know this one needed Uplay. I'm avoiding Ubisoft games from now on. All Ubisoft games are off my wishlist now. Sorry Assassin's Creed, but there are plenty of other games to play. I will play this one game, then delete Uplay forever.
 

madrigal
188 products in account
1
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
333.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2021
tldr: Google "homm 6 black screen fix"

This game is very pretty garbage.
I've been a huge HoMM fan since playing HoMM 1 when it first came out in 1995.
Couldn't vibe with 2 and 4.
Loved 3, but got tired of the AI.
Have a love-hate relationship with 5.
Was very disappointed by 7.

Ah, but 6. Oh 6.

This game is passable. It was almost great. But, i'm guessing due to Ubisoft, there is no mod community for this game. And Ubisoft has not only stopped supporting it, they also shut down the online portion of the game (previously called The Conflux). You really need The Conflux to upgrade your dynasty weapons - Unless you plan on spending about 300 hours per weapon to fully upgrade it. Ah well.

Factions:
Knights (Haven)
Orcs (Stronghold)
Demons (Inferno)
Dungeon (Dungeon)
Undead (Necropolis)
and Nagas (sea creature faction)

For whatever reason, the devs never managed to develop expansions that would have added the Academy and Sylvan factions.

I decided to post this negative review because i'm seeing a lot of people buying this game. PEOPLE, please stop buying this game. The publisher has no dev support for it. You can't mod it. You can't download any new maps. If you didn't buy this game back in 2011 when it was new, like i did, back when you were still full of hope for the game to improve and expand, then don't buy it now. Nothing but hours of disappointment and unfulfilled nostalgia await you. As for my playtime logged: I mostly like to leave the game idling in the background for hours while i do other things, occasionally alt-tabbing back to the window to stare at the game and shake my fist at it, before rage quitting.

Maybe Songs of Conquest will be the spiritual successor we've all been waiting for.
We'll see what 2022 brings us.
 

HiddenAndSilent
439 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
206.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2014
There seem to be a lot of mixed reviews on this game. If you loved Heroes 5, you'll probably like this one as well, but I can see why some of the die hards would complain.

Pros:
-It's Heroes. I've played the incarnations of this game since the original, and have enjoyed every version (except for 4, seriously what were they thinking).
-Every creature has a special ablility. I like that, because it means if you only have low level guys, you can still use stratagy to outwitt a larger army.
-There's a bunch of new creatures to explore.
-All of the town types are evenly matched. I found in the previous games Necromancers (my favorite) had generally weaker monsters compared to other towns, but would make up for it with numbers as you fought. The Necromancy skill has changed in this one so you don't mass up a swarm of skeletons from your enemy's corpses, but your army can hold it's onw anyway.


Cons:
-U-Play. I've never liked using U-Play, and this game is the best example of why. Aside from the bulky and unecessary U-Play shell that runs, you have to have a connection to their server to access most of the game. Also, if you're not connected, you can't access any of your saved games. And most annoying is the autosave. I found that after about two weeks of in game play, my computer would bog down to the point of freezing the game. I was able to fix the problem by not allowing the auto save, but that means I have to save my game myself often.
-Skills. I honestly don't know what I don't like about the new level up skills format, but something about it rubs me the wrong way. I do like that you have to earn your spells by leveling up, but there is something about the new system that just feels .... blah.
-Enemy Heroes are really tough. In a custom map, you can spend a couple hours building up your castle and hero. You'll find that the random map monsters are fairly easy to dispatch, but then an enemy hero will show up. "Holy Crap, where'd he get that army from?" or "How did he vaporize my stack of creatures with that one lightning bolt?" I find them wickedly powerful. The campaign though, which I havn't yet finished, seems much easier.
-You really only need one hero. You beef up one guy and go smashing. If an enemy is sneeking up on your castle, no problem, just use your town gate spell and you're home. It's also too easy to get your hero back every time. While I get nobody wants to loose their big main hero, I find this takes away the stratagy of defense for your castles.

Overall, I do enjoy the game and would suggest it to anyone, both fans of the series and newcomers alike!
 

liquidgerg
201 products in account
1
134 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2014
One word Uplay. don't support Ubisoft.
 

LeninReturns
252 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2021
This game is really terrible and it runs through Ubisoft program which crashes constantly, and the support staff at ubisoft are useless even if you have been a loyal customer for over decade.
 

Panda
9 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2017
This is a pretty good game but it is ruined by stupid Ubisoft.

You have to log in to Nubisoft to play the game but I can't since I changed my email address and I CBF rememberimg what my Uplay details are.

IF YOU ARE ON STEAM WHY THE FRIGGIN HELL DO I NEED TO ALSO LOG IN TO UBISOFT FFS.

I WON'T BE BUYING A HOMM GAME EVER AGAIN OR ANYTHING FROM UBISOFT.
 

Vendetta
45 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2020
Don't waste your time, I have tried to install this game twice. With the download, installation and activation with Ubisoft it take about an hour. Ubisoft claims the activation codes I received from Steam are not valid. So after 95 minutes of installation and support checking not game play my suggestion is to avoid Ubisoft.
 

francois.juy.carriere
42 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
560.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2021
UBISOFT is the worst. You can not just play the game. You have to sign up for ubisoft account. Servers will be down... so cant play. Or it will just lose connection to ubisoft servers and just close the game. Now I cant even log into ubisoft and it give me an error when requesting password reset email.. THE WORST!
 
A developer has responded to this review

brian.ramsey
25 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
276.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2015
After over 100 hours of playing this game, but yet to be done, I think it's time to write about this game.

First of all. I have been playing heroes of might and magic since Heroes 2, and I think that they are one of the best games I've been following through my life. Good memories and good stories!

Well first I wanna talk about how you are gonna start playing this game, as it's not just simply to click the game and start it. First of all you gotta make an account for uplay, which gives you a few "presents" if you play the game enough. It is also saving your save into a cloud using this program. After saving "save password and log in automaticly" you won't see much more of this problem, as the game will enter as you click the Heroes 6 icon.

Now at the menu screen you see a whole lot of buttons! Confusing? Ye, a bit maybe. Some of it are related to social stuff, like skype, while there is also a store you can buy different titles, icons and heroes + some abillities for your hero. The important reason for Uplay here is that you can go to a page: http://heroes-6-conflux.us.ubi.com/soulforge to upgrade weapons, and litterary do the same thing as ingame, except the weapons part.

So so far you have: Made uplay account, seen the store, seen the page where you can upgrade weapons.

Phew! Now that that is written, lets take a look at the game.

The first I realised is how much time it takes for each level to load. It is pretty slow, but I'll guess you gotta live with it. The levels are also quite big, but I'll take that after I've talked about a very known problem. As I played the first level and got into a fight, everything went black...and this problem occured to me over and over and over and over again, until I made it a common thing to quicksave after every single battle. Luckily I found a solution online for my nvidia graphic card that recommended you to go into the controll panel (for nvidia graphic card), 3D setup and pick the game. Then put the option so you only pick the Nvidia graphic card. I have a laptop, so it shows two graphic cards. Click the named graphic card, and not the integrated one.

As we have now solved everything we can finally play! The game got huge magnificant levels, with lots of nice music, sounds and hours on hours to play the game. In the previous games of heroes 6 there might have been alot more levels per campain, which for me made it easier to play. These campain levels are huge, and even the tutorial level will require a few hours to get through.

Heroes are also built point by point, through a skill tree. Kinda good idea, but really different from the earlier games. I am not sure if I liked it that much in the start, but it got better as you learnt it. Towns are almost the same as before, and the gameplay is pretty much the same.

As I now have played through 4 campains I can say that the story and campains are really good. You follow the story about Duke Slavas "children", and all of them got an affliction with one of the different playable teams that heroes 6 offers. I think that's kinda cool, because every team is different and every hero got their own story. As the teams are different you will allways have to play a different way with them. You can also pick might or magic afflication, which means you will excell in one of them (Might = can use armor, Magic = more items for a mage).

I said earlier that the gameplay was mostly the same, but there is a huge difference. The way of telling the story this time is chatboxes, with dialogue. This works really nice, and makes you able to follow the history when you finish of tasks/quests/missions to do, and move on.

I feel the AI, even on normal can be a bit dumb, and can sometimes feel like it's pretty easy to win. There was one level I remember that I spent a few days on to complete, but it was the layout of it, that made it hard, and the fact that the enemy had so much more than me.

The last thing I am gonna talk about is dynasty weapons. You find them in different campain levels and you can upgrade em from level 1-5 either using your hero (getting experience for the weapon), and level it like that, or use the link I put in the start of this. If you use the page it takes 10 minutes (level 2), 1 hour (level 3), 24 hours (level 4) and 2 weeks to complete level 5. I would recommend levelling a weapon if you plan to use it on a character. It goes faster, than the two weeks.

ANYWAY! The game has been great, all though it takes up alot of time to complete. Some things are new and you just got to get used to it. Eventually you will, after spending so much time on it. Would recommend playing on normal, which should be suitable for most people.

Enjoy the game, and please like this recommandation if you feel it's good.

P.S. Still got 3 campains for the main game, 2 DLCs and the expansion pack left, so I am far from done, but what is written here is what thoughts I've had so far.
 

Laffibob Dongripants
343 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2015
First of all: I always liked the Might & Magic series. It followed me through my childhood and youth and though I could never really get good at it, I still enjoyed the mechanics, visuals and the idea itself.
Now we're at Might & Magic: Heroes VI and boy what a long way lies behind us. But what kind of game do we have now?
I knew that UPlay would come along with this game so I struggled a long long time before I finally bought the series in a sale. After I played approx 2 hours I totally regret this decision. Why?
1. Uplay. This thing is so clunky and annoying. It gives you nothing but yet another piece of software that somehow holds your games hostage. Ubisoft is one of the big publishers but seeing and using Uplay makes you think: damn, a bunch of small budget devs could have put together something better. Even the GOG Website is done better than Uplay. It's just an insult.
2. The game keeps crashing. How is that even possible? This game is made by a damn big publisher and could have gotten several updates. But no, it keeps crashing 2 hours in the campaign. That is just not acceptable.
3. The AI is a joke. They predict your moves and know everything you know. It is just no fun to play against an AI that has basically 0 element of surprise and just plays unfair. It sure reminds me of the old Rainbow Six days when the enemy AI had instant knowledge of your moves and actions as soon as you were 100m close. That is yet another insult and infuriates me.
4. The interface is very questionable. While it looks kinda neat, it is just not useful. It is big, full of blingy graphics and other damn beautiful crap but hell it just does not appear useful in any way. Maybe we have grown to a "everything MUST be minimalistic" state of mind, still a strategy game does not need to be super shiny. It needs information on the spot, not after clicking and mouse overlays.
I will try to get a refund as this is just not acceptable or at least playable. Yet another series ruined Ubisoft. Thanks
 

sick boy
578 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2020
What a shame that once again Windows 10 doesnt support this even with UPlay...@!#&ing rip off you can get it refunded the only saving grace was I got it on sale.....If it had all these problems then why did Steam inherit them just to have the franchisse in the library??? HOMM10 got tore down to by the masses but at least it freaking works without having to go here and there and download this and that....Spare me the technical stuff...Load..Play and Enjoy thats all we should be worried about....WTG....
 

spidabaer
194 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2017
Having been a Heroes fan since first playing #2 in the 90's I have to say there is something lacking. I can;t quite put my finger on it, but I just didn't enjoy this as much as previous games in the series. I couldn't even force myself to play through and beat all the campaigns. Maybe it's just me, but Im sadly going to have to recommend people pass on this one. Try previous games in the series, they are a blast and are very cheap now.
 

Komplex
214 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2015
I've seen plenty of ppl raging about not being able to play.

READ THIS IF YOU CAN'T GET IT TO WORK:
1 launch Uplay as admin(that way it wont crash)
2 click the Play button for heroesVI on STEAM(not in the uplay launcher)
3 turn ON your firewall. yes ON. (that way the game will be able to connect to the CONFLUX)

My real review here:
I love this game. I love it I love it I love it. It's awesome. I didn't run into any bugs so far. I guess they already fixed a lot. I really really enjoy playing this game and will continue to do so. I just wish stupid ppl would stop complaining and put a tiny bit more effort into stuff so they could also get the game to run. Yeah, it's a bit stupid that uplay and the conflux and what not doesn't work properly from the start, but hey, WACHA GONNA DO 'BOUT IT! :) Just a little bit more effort to gain so manny hours of entertainment is a lot more fun than being an asshat and sitting on yo dumb bum complaining about a situation you could easily change if you tried :P hellooooooooooo
ktnxbye
 

Holycraposaurus
76 products in account
1
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
119.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2019
I've owned this for 6 years and still barely able to play. Uplay is garbage. Why put a game on steam and then require another layer of trash to access the game?
 

Lisa
164 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2021
Ubisoft strikes again and the game doesn't even launch any more because UPlay is a steaming pile of broken wank. Game was/is below average anyways. F**k Ubisoft.
 

TOFWHY
239 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2017
Can't run the game because of an error with Uplay. Piece of s**t.
 

Bobby
700 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
159.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
Be careful. Ubisoft likes to shut down its older Games, even the Single Player Games, so you cant play them anymore.
 

noeste
233 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
507.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2017
This game is my drug. I know what other people say - it's buggy, it's not as good as its predecessors, it's the same old story hashed out again and again. Your attempts to reason with me fall on deaf ears. I love HoMM too much, the franchise can do no wrong.

So I am biased, but this is MY review, dammit, and I'm telling you I love this game. It's pretty, and I'm a sucker for turn-based combat RPG fantasy games. And winning battles with zero casualties. And killing things with dragons. All the dragons.
 

dasanayaka
84 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
498.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2014
For the record, this could be very good game. Soundtrack is great, graphics too. Progress of story gives motivation to continue. Fights are (mostly) enjoyable. Still, there are things in this game which make me furious.

I have game on Steam. When I launch it I must wait several minutes because Uplay must search for proxy, login and occasionaly update. Then finally game starts - and it logins to another network junk called Conflux. And now it becomes interesting. Because if you play with conflux there are additional items you can use in game. If you start game and loose internet connection orsomething similar, these saves you had are not available at all and you may start from beginning.

Multiplayer game in HOMM 5 was possible using lan network. In this game you can forget about it, only internet based multiplayer game is possible (again using conflux). Even if you want to play with someone sitting opposite of you. It doesn't sound too bad - but all attempts to play I have tried end after few turns because conflux looses connection or something similar. Multiplayer game is essentially impossible.

Singleplayer game is ok, but some maps quickly become boring. On normal difficulty setting it is common that 'level cap reached' show up while half of the map is still hidden. However important enemies are still terribly strong and armies defending gold and artifacts are usually very simple to beat (or so difficult that it doesn't make sense to fight them - all income is not enough to buy lost units back). So after promising start there is lot of sitting and waiting and buying new units each week. So far the most enjoyable game was for Haven fraction.

And finally, there are still bugs. When combat should start sometimes screen remains black and there is no way out just switch to taskmanager and kill the game. There are some workarounds mentioned in forums (change in settings of nvidia driver) but even then it is not 100% reliable. If you can make several important fights in one turn, save after every one of them!

So if you don't care about multiplayer, you like HOMM series and you see this game on sale then you may give it a try
But I am terribly dissapointed. I will try to finish the game for the story but I am putting Ubisof on my blacklist.
 

selmi
114 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2019
The Uplay account is just another layer of security, another password to forget etc.
Get a problem like I have and you need to go between steam and ubisoft support.
Seriously, lifes too short.
It's not like HOMM VI is actually significantly different then V anyway, and the 3D versions made the game prettier and less playable. HOMM3 remains the peak of this series for me
 

stuey
101 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2014
Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a turn-based strategy game from Ubisoft Entertainment. It is another installment in Might & Magic franchise.

Might & Magic: Heroes VI has kinda unique gameplay, you start with one castle, develop it, build a barracks, train troops in a turn-based gameplay, but to move your troops around you will need a hero. When you move your hero and the troops he command around, you can engage random enemy, found resources or found something that may upgrade your heroes, increase experience or even someone to join your troops. When engaged in battle, you will enter the battlefield view where you will play the battle in a chess like gameplay. It's kinda fun. But in terms of hardcore strategy play, well, this game is not that hard. In fact even though you can create many heroes, using only one hero is enough to win the game.

Might & Magic: Heroes VI graphics are good, not great but good. The detail and the model and texture are beautiful enough. The performance of the game are also good, and the game runs smooth and stable without any issues.

Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a good game that if you like turn-based strategy game, Might & Magic: Heroes VI can occupy you for many hours. I recommend this.

Rating 7/10
 

Ank
3,677 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2017
I have to say I hate heroes vi
- they dumb down the city building, you mainly make creatures market and a town portal... no blacksmith no magic school no small different houses that add a bonus here and there.
-no unique magic for every faction.
You don't have a magic school you can lean spells in the outside world you mainly lvl up and then pick 1 spell\power you want.
-no siege units, they took off the balista and the tent.
-heroes were simplified to the point of twins, only difference is their starting passive buff.
- dynasty system suck, if you are offline all the heroes you opened are locked again and you got basic male female(2) heroes for every faction
 

NightWall
533 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
48.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 15
"Ubisoft doesn't maintain ♥♥♥♥" --SsethTzeentach

Their amazing CONFLUX ©™® always-online DRM/weird messaging server is broken, and my game refuses to connect to it, which means I cannot play online, I cannot play offline, I cannot even load savegames or start a new game, meaning however much I spent on it long ago for the gold edition and 2 dlcs is gone in the wind.

At this point I will probably have to resort to piracy to play the game I legally own. Thank you, triple-A gaming industry.
 

Magpie
339 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
425.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Hours and hours of fun in HoMM world. It all goes around one family and you can really feel part of them.
 

TT
331 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2019
Has many technical issues. Personally, I rarely can get it to boot, and when it does, it boots to a black screen =/
 

les_bloom
486 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
72.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 7, 2015
One word: UPlay

I got this on a steam sale as the gold box edition and UPlay will not take my cd-keys. I would stear clear of this game and play 5 instead
 

Zebra13
310 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2020
UPlay launcher took a million years to install and doesn't start.
 

erathia07
298 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2016
Spent over 2 hours trying to make the buggy as all hell Uplay work.

Now can't get a refund

It doesn't work. simple as that. Shame, because Heroes 3 is incredible.
 

JonnyJellyfish
70 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
252.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 16
Ridiculous DRM - you'll need ubisoft launcher and account (besides steam), which keep asking for a password every time you play. Sometimes you'll be disconnected from their servers midfight, losing any progress made. You'll be better off getting this game somewhere else.
 

Nev
36 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
123.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
I bought it on weekend -75% sale and it wasn't even worth those few euros. Uplay makes the game 100% unplayable - I wasn't able to run it after creating the Uplay account at all. Maybe I'll just have to crack the legally bought game in order to enjoy it.
As usual, legal customers are the ones that get screwed by irresponsible publisher.

Mar 15: Now that I somehow managed to run the game, maybe it's time to say something about the game itself, not the DRM.
Within those 5-6 hours played I'm in 2nd scenario of Necropolis campaign. Here's my experience:

+ Heroes can travel without army and scenarios don't end with failure after one lost battle, the hero can be resurrected
+ I may be the minority that likes the concept of teritorial control in order to profit from mines and dwellings
+ Option of converting cities and dwellings to your fraction is a big gamechanger

~ Abandoning creature levels (1-7) in favor or "tiers" (Core, Elite, Champion) is something I did not expect and I'm unsure whether it's a good or bad thing
~ Not sure how to feel about Altar of Wishes, as it gives you possibility to "purchase" bonuses improving your heroes. I'd be okay with it if it was only for profile customization, like titles etc.
~ Interface is pretty much a copypaste from Heroes 5 which can be either perceived as lazyness, or an intentional move to stick to something that players are familiar with

- Be always online to play the campaign
- Some of the soundtrack (as well as some sound effects) is just a rehash from Heroes 5 and Dark Messiah (I'm looking at you, Inferno town theme)
- Did you like full 3D town screens in Heroes 5? I loved them. Bid farewell to them, because here we're back to 2D drawings. Of course they are pretty, but I loved town screens in H5.

Overall, the review is still a "no", even though I'm somewhat enjoying playing it, but that may be just a long desire to get a new taste of Heroes. I'm not saying "you shouldn't buy this game" - it's more like "I can't pinpoint to whom I'd recommend this game". If you like Heroes series and 7,5 euros isn't too big deal for you, sure, go for it. If not, maybe other reviews will help you make up your mind.
 

LF
155 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
219.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
For people that is looking to buy the game on today sale (75% discount, 7.49 EUR)

As you can see from my play time, I did play this game (including all DLC).

I played all games in the series since Heroes II and Heroes VI is far from being the best in the series (most players will agree that it was actually the worst so far). However I still did enjoy the game, and I do recommend the game, but only to people that are into this genre.

Pros:

- The HOMM feal is there.
- The graphics are great.
- The creatures and their abilities are highly enjoyable.
- The game is now bug-free (this was not the case on release and for at least one year afterwards).
- The Dinasty mechanics and related Hero weapons are a great addition.
- You can easily see that the Hungarian developers put a lot of dedication and love into this project.


Cons:

- Ubisoft/Uplay integration. (Yes, it is true that their uptime is not the best and sometimes your ability to play will be limited).
- Worst AI ever.
- Too easy.
- Too much grinding.
- Unlike other Heroes games where you could actually lose, here you will never lose.

To summarize. This game is not for everybody but if you have played HOMM games before and you enjoyed them, then you are probably going to enjoy also this one, despite its shortcomings.
 

Cabeza2000
1,703 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
94.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2019
UPlay is possible the biggest piece of ♥♥♥♥ to plague PCs in the last decade. You go and buy the game and a year later try to play it again and get some uPlay certification screen that complains that "this is already linked to another uPlay account" and basically tells you to go to hell. So I hit "forgot password" or whatever and I have to deal with the fact that some random email address from years ago doesn't exist. It sucks balls.
 

Randseed
914 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
77.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2014
I'm a huge fan of this franchise and played alot of Heroes of Might and Magic games, but this is not even close to Heroes III or V. Better play these two or wait for Heroes VII. If you like the Heroes (strategy) games, then this is probably worth 10 bucks but not more.

I recommend waiting for a nice sale or buying Heroes V with Hammers of Fate and Tribes of the East addon if you haven't got them.
 

Coffee Commander
233 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 11, 2021
The game simply does not launch. I've tried on and off for years to get it back up and running, but it just never works. Just play the older ones.
 

Anime Step-Dad
169 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2018
Game does not work on Windows 10. Complete lockup. Have to reboot to regain control of my machine. ACD does not get me back to desktop.
 

Jew Bird
157 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2018
First, I'd like to preface this review with a note that I first got the physical copy of the base game when it first came out, so my hours of this game on Steam is inaccurate as I got the complete edition from humble bundle sometime after.

I liked this game, and even today, when I recently came back to finish the campaign, I found that I still like it quite a bit. The gameplay has been simplified and streamlined in many ways from the older titles in ways that makes it a somewhat different experience. One might hear complaints about that from older players, as a lot of nuance may be lost as a result, but I think it's still a fun game in itself. This game does have a big problem, being the reason I do not reccommend it, of which I will write about at the end. If you don't know of this series, I'd highly reccommend checking out any of the older titles, though probably not from Steam and rather from GOG. They've done a unique style of turn-based rpg that you probably won't see many others do that is super fun and the reason so many still play games from this series
.
Gameplay has taken a departure from the previous games in the series in many notable ways. Big noticable changes in the usual formula includes (sorry if I get the names of stuff wrong):
- The crystal resource replacing the other special resources so that you only have to manage 1 special resource, keeping gold, wood, and ore the same
- Hero skills being on a visible skill tree with skills points gained from leveling instead of a skill wheel that is different for each faction with a somewhat randomly generated choice between 2 skills from that skill wheel based on your current skills each level,
- Less playable factions but the introduction of a new faction called the Nagas
- Changing the numbers for the morale and luck system so that they are not capped and the numbers can get much higher but may be worth less (I didn't research how the probabilities work, but I don't think I felt luck and morale triggering more or less)
- Blood and tears system connected to your faction specialty that functions a bit like a morality systems but is done better in that as well as gaining a few powerful special skills, the game rewards you in different ways as you attempt to earn points in them. For example, you can earn points by deciding whether or not to pursue a fleeing enemy. If you pursue then you earn blood points, more exp, and if you have certain bonuses then also extra gold and movement points. If you let them flee then you get tear points as well as some exp, are not risking your army getting whittled down, and you get to keep whatever temporary combat bonuses you had.
- A racial combat ability unique to each faction that can be used by filling a bar from dealing and taking damage with up to 4 tiers of effectiveness
- Revamp of the unit tier system so that there are 3 tiers instead of 7 and are named core, elite, and champion with each faction having 3 different core, 3 different elite, and 1 champion units, Core unit hp (and stats) are probably closer to tier 3 unit hp of previous titles, and elite to tier 5 and 6 and champion to 7. This is to say that a big change in this game is also how sturdy all the units may feel.
- Main weapons can be collected, leveled up (slooowly), is carried over to all your games and is tied to the Conflux, Ubisoft's server. More on this below.
A number of other changes were made, but those that I listed were stood out the most, in my opinion.

The soundtrack is good, but nothing outstanding to me. There are a few tracks I like to come back to listen to, such as "The Tide Rises", but I don't have much else to say about it. I do suppose it must be a quality in itself to not grate on the ears after dozens of hour on the same track, but it might just be me.

Graphics wise, I can't really say much about it since I run this game on a potato but if you look up videos of gameplays, I'm sure the game can look stunning, if your computer can handle it.

Ubisoft ruined this game and treated it's dev studio, Black Hole, terribly. While I suggest researching this a little, I think it says a lot that patched out Black Hole's intro and their intro credit to the game. Also, if you're wondering about the lack of technical support, Ubisoft stopped online support of the game in 2013. Problems existing now will likely never be patched.
Speaking of technical problems, in the past I had some crashing issues and possibly some dark screen issues. I chalked it all up my old desktop. 6 years later now, the game still runs fine but now I have run into the dark screen bug. Rarely did it ever happen on normal campaigns, but it was unplayable in DLCs. I saw the fix people talked about by disabling fullscreen optimization in the game's .exe, which worked to a certain point for me. I could get rid of the dark screen by changing from fullscreen to windowed, except at certain points. There might be a fix for this but this is very frustrating. The player should not have to fix the game themselves to play it!

The final 2 big problems are Ubisofts Uplay and the conflux. I don't think I need to explain too much why Uplay is bad, I barely want to open Steam to be able to play my games, let alone Uplay as well. With the conflux, it's not necessarily a technical one, but it's important to note because it shows why it's a bad idea since so many people cannot connect to it.
Tying achievements to the conflux could've been fine, as you shouldn't need it to play the game. Ubisoft, however, has locked certain parts of the game off (includes a pet, weapons, extra dynasty slots, among many other things) by making achievements the only way to gather dynasty seals and Uplay points to spend on things that give you an advantage in game. You can still play the game fine without them, just at a major disadvantage.
Making the main hand weapon one of the most powerful part of your equipment and then forcing you to connect to the Conflux to be able to use is horrible.
I did not have any problems with the Conflux, or Uplay's server. Tying everything behind them is, however, a bad idea as the countless number of other people have stated and/or experienced, if either of them do not work, you are SOL.

I'm sure that with many of the problems of this game it was caused by Ubisoft's demands over the developer. It also sucks that Black Hole Entertainment's gone. While coming back has made me a little more depressed, we should try to enjoy this game with this in mind: it's the result of some passionately talented people trying to make a good game.


TLDR; Good game, bad Ubisoft.
 

zhenxitan
435 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 21
This game hasn't worked for years. Thought I'd try and see if any of the launch issues were ever fixed; nope.
 

Saerdna
122 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2021
The game doesn't even open. Worthless and shouldn't even be on Steam if if doesn't work.
 

Twitchy
44 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2020
I bought the game years ago but never installed it, then finally decided to play it on my laptop. After problems with the UBISOFT launcher, it told me that the activation code had already been used. So now I have no access to a game I bought a long time ago. NEVER BUY A PRODUCT WITH A 3RD PARTY LAUNCHER FROM STEAM
 

Nacho 1
238 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2016
I am a big Heroes of Might and Magic fan, atleast i was... before playing this game. It is a pure pain to play this as the game is crashing every few minutes, then the game even fails to sync with cloud for resulting in loss of saved games. I have never regretted buying a game until now. I hope that ubisoft chokes on my money.
 

Cindacolo
140 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2018
Ignore the negative reviews, the game works just fine on WIndows 10, all you gotta do is disable Fullscreen optimizations in the properties of the game's .exe file. Google it, it's easy.

The game itself is slow, strategic and grinding but it never gets boring because of the fantastic battle system. Don't know how it compares to Heroes3, but it's extremely fun and addictive on it's own IMO. No reason to let a few butthurt fanboys stop you from having a good time.
 

Yaaniz
101 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2016
Absolute ♥♥♥♥ if you can't even play it. Paying good money for a game you expect to work, but doesn't because uPlay won't start. A known issue apparently for years, yet not advertised as sold on Steam, therefore Steam are deliberately permitting the sale of goods that are not capable of working via other software that is a requirement. Do not waste your money.
 

Cunimagus
32 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2014
Okay, I am ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tired of this ♥♥♥♥. I played this game for a while, than after I bought elves addon, this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stoped working. Either the game is not loading or the launcher crashes.

Do not buy this game. Do not buy any games from ubisoft. I can't stress this enough, DONT. BUY. GAMES. FROM. UBISOFT.
 

cheshire.panther
706 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2021
Game will not work "right out of the box" so to say. You will either get a black screen or your patcher will crash. You have to google/look up work arounds for the game to launch. While i can understand having to do that for games from 90's or early 2000's, this is not one of these games. I played this game for 10 hours when it 1st came out, the other 4 hrs was me trying to make it work yesterday and today.
Now I understand that hardware and Sofware changed since that time, however if i can play Doom, Hexen, Hexen II and Heretic among other games that came out more than 21 years ago i don't see a reason for this to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the bed.
So in the end unless you are interested in modifying game files and other work arounds for several hours trying to get his thing to work, do not buy this product.
 

Krokodil-Gena
111 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
Well, normally I'd be refunding this game, but I can't 'cause I bought this in a bundle along with other HOMM expansions. In order to just open the game, you have to install various other apps, register 5 times and then once you think you're ready, well, you have to install some 3rd party softwares or change some files and stuff to even be able to open the game cause this is poorly designed/coded game. After 83 mins of struggling (yes, I tried opening this game so much that I spent 83 mins on it), (which spends like 10 secs on opening the game), I finally managed to open the game, I started my first battle. Game crashed. Okay, close? nah, the game was stuck. Alt+F4? nah, it hung my PC. CTRL+Alt+DELETE? nah, PC wouldn't respond. So here I am, writing this review. Go buy a pizza instead of buying this game, it'll serve you better.
 

Daisu
375 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2017
Heroes V had some issues, so one would expect VI to have taken the lessons learned from V into account during design.

This is not the case.
The missions overstay their welcome significantly, microtransactions litter the game, uplay is not only mandatory to launch, but requires an active connection for sidequests during the campaign.
If you like immersion, constant achievement notifications will be sure to trample all over that as well.

The story is uncomfortable and the writing awkward, there is a notable number of grammatical errors in the descriptions of both units and objects.
Mechanically speaking it is very different from the heroes norm, in the same way that the (almost universally reviled) Heroes IV was.

Lastly, the performance is abominable, with the game taking significantly more resources than it deserves in the visual department and having a repeatable crash issue related to certain spells.

It's not the worst Ubisoft title, but it would definitely make its way to a top (or bottom) 10.
 

Frost
545 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2021
No longer starts/works as of Oct 2021. Do not buy.
 

auxlen
427 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2016
💔
 

Vince
578 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2017
This series has been terrible since 5. Just go buy literally any other HOMM game. 1-5 are all superior to 6-8.
 

Ratham
153 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
279.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2021
Buggy piece of trash. Fun game when it works, but god forbid Ubisoft actually giving a damn about their games after they suck every little bit of money out if their player base that they can.
 

Vahn
290 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
291.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2018
As a result of the terrible production of this game I have not bought anything from Ubisoft. If you're a HOMM fan, pass this one up. Check out still-existant bugs if you're considering.
 

Dalakaar
67 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 22
Unable to play due to uplay not supporting the anymore, which means the platform to launch the game doesn't work... Which is incredibly sad for as a fan of the series it feels quite a punch to the stomach, so it looks like I am bypassing this one maybe heading to Heroes seven instead, or at worst back to five or three.
 

Lyons
143 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
262.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2019
Disable full screen optimization and enjoy a really good HOMM game.
Campaign wise it has the best story in the series .Even though some dialogues may be teeth-grinning sometimes and the narrative doesn't break any grounds, It delivers a memorable experience overall.
The AI can provide a good challenge and eventually when you have realized that you have spent more than 260 hours long on the game, you can finally understand how engaging it is.
 

MeiaLuaPraTras
114 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2014
In game DRM makes it completely unplayable. I should see if I can get my money back..
 

Karoupa
549 products in account
1
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2017
A short list since it has been said before:
-Can't even play the game because uplay is needed, and uplay doesn't work
-Game is buggy and unstable
-The game itself was kind of OK.

STAY AWAY.
 

crazychristian
188 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2013
Flee. Ubisoft is happily ruining another franchise
 

WDI
321 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2017
I miss Heroes III
 

businessisboomin
131 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2020
I am unable to launch the game anymore… don't buy games from Ubisoft.
 

キルケー
274 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
75.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2020
What a fabulous piece of crap Uplay is. Almost impossible to connect or recover, or get codes or do anything.
ABSOLUTELY AVOID ANY UPLAY GAME.

 

eloyalonso
63 products in account
0
127 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
96.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2014
uplay sync problems don't Buy It.
 

xan47
29 products in account
2
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2017
There is a reason they used MIGHT & MAGIC Heroes Instead of
Heroes of might & Magic

The License is dead :

-Uplay
-Only 4 ressources
-DLC everywhere
-World Hard to see AND Empty

Edit : Steam just refused to refund me the game don't make the same mistake as i did
 

Fireman
516 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
263.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
A very entertaining game. Having played all of the games in the series I will say I was disappinted in some of the radical changes to magic. The graphics are good and the game play seemed balanced to me. I would recommend this game to a friend.
 

joe.alotofthings
325 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2018
Don't buy this game.
Actually don't buy any game made by ubisoft.

The only game experience you will ever have is praying like you never did in your entire life so that the game would not crash. Every click, every button press, every mouse hover you make it's an achievement when the game does not freeze or crash.

I don't know how they still have money to develop games.
 

Zipo
166 products in account
1
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2016
just re-installed after years of not being able to play, still laggy clunky game. I used to love Heroes of the Might and Magic, gew up playing 1,2,3, etc. Ubisoft ruined this franchise. Uninstalling for the last time.
 

Roger Wilco
191 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2018
Product refunded

Won't launch, asked for refund.
 

Pitfall
158 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
87.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2014
Don't hate the game, hate the uPlayer.
 

Royal Degenerate
1,096 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
73.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2016
Do not buy. Randomly crushes and its impossible to complete a campaign. Tested in 3 systems, tried 4 campaigns.
 

Oxmore
150 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 5
unable to play due to uplay not supporting anymore. also hard to get to stop running all the time but not running had to refund it to get to go away.
 

silverchill1
12 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2016
Not only does this game requires Uplay, if you get disconnected for even a few seconds, you are back to the main screen.
 

Albibak
56 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2016
It would have been good game, not a great one but good, if only we could have gotten rid of the trainwreck that is uplay. How can ubisoft turn anything it touches to ♥♥♥♥ is beyond me.
 

Tatsuya's Penis
548 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
516.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2016
Gets an unnecessarily bad rap for Uplay.

Doesn't try to do anything too different, but Sanctuary is a great addition and the patches/expansions have done the same thing to 6 what they did to 5.

Some boss encounters are ridiculous in set-army levels and will cause you to tear your hair out at higher difficulties.

Dynasty weapons are entirely too grindy but a cool idea.

Still leaps and bounds better than VII.
 

StowOwnsYou
546 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
43.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2020
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW IF YOU HAVE WINDOWS 10 UPDATED!!!

Ever since the Fall update for Windows 10, this game *will not start* and will completely lock up your computer. Not even Task Manager will be allowed to sit on top of the black screen this game causes, so you are forced to restart everything.
 

Kashi
241 products in account
0
71 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
964.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2014
game is great ubisoft and uplay are a nightmare ... steam this splashes off on you ... I bought this game from steam, I played it for a bout 25 hours and now I can't access my game because uplay cant contact its severs ... steam works, my browser works, their website is also down .... you sure hooked up with a turkey ... here's the thing .. I don't play games that often, it is an occasional thing I dabble in, then I go back to a busy professional life .... when I have an experience like this it will be just that much longer before I return to gaming ... if I could I would take my $40 back ...
 

Molabeast
61 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2019
This game needs U-play to play it.

Stupid ubisoft.

Go buy heroes of might and magic 3 or 5 instead.
 

Hydran Agent
212 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
175.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
I cannot play the game. Uplay prevents me from playing it. It says my game linked to another account but I don;t have another account. DON'T buy this game. The DRM system they use won;t let you to play.
 

Tapsiful
281 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
174.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2021
How very terrible... A once terrific game a few years ago now does nothing but give my computer a pitch black screen. F***, this is not what I paid money for!
 

Markorian
31 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2018
I really enjoyed this game;

note: if you have bad GPU; you might have problems with gamma error.
 

Wersjon
236 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2018
Diverse strategy dumbed down to "a fast-paced epic".
Map that used to be highly interactive is now barren.
Hero development could have been nice, but is so stretched out it becomes a grind.
 

Valflond
200 products in account
1
24 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
118.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2013
Good game, great visuals and interesting story line. Definitely enjoy playing it.
One major drawback though are the random blackscreens before fights. Once this would get fixed it would make this a top of line of it genre.
 

eeeladin
136 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2016
So incredibly Buggy. Seriously. Not only do they REQUIRE you to connect to their ubisoft servers to even play the game, they hold game content that makes the game so much more enjoyable in "online only mode". I do NOT appreciate this kind of ridiculous DRM protection.
 

leonhartlover
151 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2020
You need to install UPlay from UbiSoft and open an account there to be able to play. This is ridiculous to multiply the platforms and the softwares to install like that. I regret the good ol' times of the CD, when a game was yours and the CD enough to play ! I will pay attention to this point now and if I find a game on steam requiring AN OTHER PLATFORM to function, I will ask a refund immediatly.
 

trollcalibur
85 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
Product refunded

The DRM protection is super annoying. Uplay asks for your password constantly before launching the game.

This would be fine if the game even launched once. After a lot of fiddling with different fixes, there is no reasonable way of making the game work out of the box. The only thing I've seen of the game so far is the splash screen. Do not buy, and again shame on Ubisoft.
 

SexyHansGruber
810 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2018
I play HOMAM serie for almost 20 years. Most of them I spent by HOMAM III. This is still the best of the bests for me. Anyway I decided to test some more recent games. HOMAM V was... ...boring, does not pull me into the story and I did not liked the units at all. Few weeks ago I bought "VI". From the begining, I was happy. Game looks fine. But again. I started with campaing. Because Im really weekend player now only. I set difficulty for easy. No rush, no stress I said. First mistake. First campaing (really? 2 maps) was easy. Then I started missions for necro. Fisrt map ok. Even I had to kill oponent secondary hero for several times, and was much more dangerous, than final hero. Lookjs like some unit distribution disbalance. Never mind. 5 loads and was gone. However next map disgusted me totally. Limited units, and kill several heroes. I lost almost all units on the third hero. No matter what I did before. Crap. This is easy? Then I dont want even try this on hard... Ok. Campainmgs are gone. Nothing for me. I hate this challenges. I would like to enjoy story. Not to prove Im really good player. Lets enjoy single p;ayer map then.
Good. Looks fine. How ever. After several hours, some wierd message. I was disconnected from some conflux service. Game ended and bye. What the f#ck??? Are you serious? F@ck you annoying protections!!! Ubisoft disapointed me again.
Summary: good potential of the game was ruined by disbalanced dificulty in the story mode and Ubisoft stupid online service requirements.
Game potential 8/10
Game made 5/10
 

ds!!
168 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2016
Turn-based deep strategy game with a good fantasy realm. Great graphics. Units are a bit weird.Map control not bad with map playability.

I love the series so much. But story and playability lacks because they put an online account creation thing and one more playstart interface without any good function. Musics and sounds are good but they are not promising as the first games and do not full the potential of the serie.

I can't concentrate on story. Nothing so new as mechanics or content. They only did brushed the graphics well and released game with nothing new fancy.

Better try another turned based fantasy like Age of Wonders 3 or come to the daddy of strategy games and choose one Total War title.



Graphics (Today) 8
Sound & Music 7
Content & Mechanics 7
Replayability 6
Fun Factor 2
Controls & Playability 5
Story & Scenario 6
Depth & Diversity 7

100 Scale-- 60
Editors Will-- 58
Total-- 48 / 80

Note Edited on 2021 September: Still game cannot start and black screen issues at launch. Still same ideas till I can play the game.
 

Ghost of The Bloody Mauff
208 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
113.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2019
Same as other review the game requests to log in to your Ubisoft account, which I have, and asks to log in at least once before starting to play, which I have done, but then the game keeps going on in requesting to log in over and over again even after you have logged in. End of the story can't play it. Maybe there is some obscure and complicated way to bypass the block but this is not the point: people should be able to buy the game and then to play it easily and not having to fight for it.
Shame on Ubisoft that is obviously filled with control freaks who aren't even able to manage their own shop; and shame on Steam that should not even sell Ubisoft products. Only positive fact is that the only reason I bought it was due to the 75% discount, waste of money but not a lot.
 

ROB
24 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
"Heroes of Might & Magic" series downfall?
Finally had a chance to try out the 6th game and see why it's so negatively reviewed and well yes and no to the question of "did i understand it"

First off "new game = new stuff to learn"

Didn't understand much at first navigating the town was a bit difficult, but still the important parts were still done as in building and recruiting.

Caravan's were confusing and so was the fact of now having only 4 different resources rather than the normal 7 or however many there was in the past.

Decided il play on a large map on normal and welp of course i lost cause i have never been that great in these types of games, but i still like them
Never realized how the AI was so much better than me until usually after i looked at the map again after losing and noticing all the things i missed and could have done, but some things i question why they exist... for example some effects on some units.
For example
Marksmen with their piercing with no matter how many troops there are in a row the arrow will go through all of them.
Cyclops' and their ability to take as much damage as possible, but that damage takes effect only after the full round has ended and not sooner seems a bit overpowered.
Also upgraded versions of them have that + shoot lasers... makes sense.

Tho overall i don't think this game is bad the animations are decent, the sounds and visuals are nice and the combat is well somewhat balanced despite some of the things that seem overpowered.

To the people that reviewed this game badly for the mistake that it launched unfinished and broken i suggest not cause yes it was bad, but still that was the past.
"Don't judge a game for what it did or what it was, but for what it is"
And what it is is a decent game.

Tho the biggest flaw of the game is the fact that it doesn't run well on modern systems.
When it works, it works, but when it doesn't you see a black screen forcing you to restart your pc.
There are fixes which work, for a while at least.
I used these fixes the game worked for a while then i took a few months off the game and tried launching it and the black screen was back with the previous fixes not working for some reason.
 

Sir_ProsPal
2,016 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2017
Do not buy. You are better off getting Heroes 3 complete from GOG or 5 from Steam. This game is super buggy, can't get anything done, and OMG ****ing Uplay!!! The actual game is just average and doesn't compare to 3 or 5.
 

Dude577557
49 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
116.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2017
Uplay. Nightmare!
Other than that: Great game unfortunately... Shameful.
 

Teer
77 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2019
This game is broken and has too many bugs to be playable anymore. Do not purchase.
 

XKorpion
439 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,752.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2017
As you can see by my playtime, I like this game.
 

funkylung
48 products in account
1
34 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
134.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2015
I love this game and most of the previous ones. The only reason I would not recomend this game to anyone is that in its current state its simply unplayable. Crashes, black screen during combat... It doesn't seem that anyone is looking into fixing it now that the next version is released.
Stay away
 

HappyParrot
216 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2021
Just like Anno 2070, this is yet another broken piece of UbiSh*t's shovelware that's not working on modern systems. They didn't forget to bump regional prices over the years though. Because scamming your customers is obviously the number one priority.
 

Rin D. Pryde
4,320 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
623.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2016
Knowing now after playing for months with glitches, bugs and crashes. Then having to reinstall because it won't load I wouldn't install this game if it was free. I love the series but this game just ruined my taste for any new installments.
 

johnboy_007
11 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
315.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
Heroes VI is overall a good game, you can like it if you are patient.

I played the campaigns on hard difficulty and my review is based upon complete edition with every dlc - addon possible.

Lets start with the worst part - Bugs.
Game is old and out of support. Even when it was in support it had many bugs it seems, some of them still stands. I was able to run it fullscreen, suddenly i wasn't able to. Now i play in windowed mode.

There is a bug that caused 5th dynasty trait to be re-locked. Couldn't find any solution. -> https://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1834980-5th-Dynasty-trait-re-locked/ we are waiting a fix.

Some talents have issues sometimes. For example if your creature gets another bonus action because of cleave, with a retaliation strike, it cant use it. These are more likely design oversights but still sometimes annoying.

Graphics are quite fine, animations are lovable, maps are detailed.

Sound: Music and sounds are very good like any Heroes this somehow never fails.

Story and Writing : Childish at best. Some dialogues does not make sense at all, you will have a hard time understanding what is going on with the campaign.

Hero Balance Might vs Magic : The worst in the series of Heroes was magic being always powerful, not here, no sir. There are some seemingly imbalanced skills like time statis but in the long run a might hero can get so many options i can easily say they are perfectly balanced.
Many web sites and reviews about the game are based on old versions which are not tweaked so don't rely on them.
For example you can see people whining about "chilled" giving fire vulnerability , it gives might damage vulnerability now, so as a Sanctuary hero for example it makes sense.

Hero variations, Tear Blood rep system.
This is a new and a very good system in my opinion. During your adventures, your main hero makes some choices usually around empathy (tears) or cruelty/getting things done? (blood) . Much like Mass Effect Paragon / Renegade system.
For most common example , you overpower creatures and they run , right? Pursue them ( blood) let them run ( tears) . Oh you get exp both ways btw.

All talents have 3 innate reputation. Tears,Neutral,Blood. Once you have a reputation level, any talent with the same reputation becomes stronger.
For example if you get Might Defense Lvl 1 - it normally adds 1 defense. If you are a tears-I hero, it adds 2 instead. And if you are tears-II it adds 3 instead.
Like this, all talents improve if you align yourself accordingly. Offensive powers become stronger when your hero is blood vice versa.

Since combat rarely tooks more than 6-7 rounds, unless you try to overachieve, you can use 3-4 active skills ( spells and might abilities) rest should be passive.
Every hero can learn might and magic skills, but only might heroes reach Tier 3 skills and only magic heroes can reach tier 3 magic skills. Spell schools are also related to your hero type. Inferno heroes cannot Learn water magic Necromancers cannot learn light.

There isnt many useless skills but some are better than rest.
This is still the best heroes i ever played ( havent played 7) but because of bugs , hard to recommend. I am old and computer engineer, i am resilient against such things :D

My heroes order for curious . 6 >5 >3>2>1>4. ( 3 is loved because nostalgia, magic was overpowered ,earth especially, graphics are bad/old, lots of useless skills, random hero building...etc.)
 

Ali The Great
478 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2017
I've played every entry of the Heroes of Might and Magic series (except VII, but I'll explain that momentarily), and I wanted so badly to like this one. Since people seem to respond well to the pros/cons list, I'll use that format.

Pros:
-The single player campaign is reasonably fun. It has some frustrating moments, but overall the missions are at least enjoyable, if not particularly original. The cut scenes are best skipped though.
- In all the previous games, there was an element of chance to skill gain, while in this game you can customize your heroes' skills freely. This does tend to reduce the variety of skills used, but it takes out some of the irritation of not getting a skill that you consider vital to your hero.
- Combat is similar to all the previous games, but with significantly expanded creature abilities, which I like. Rather than just attack-attack-attack, there are options for using most creatures in a secondary role. I'm not a huge fan of the square combat grid (as opposed to hexes), but it's not terrible, just not ideal.
- Graphics and animations are quite a bit better than previous games. Not that graphics are a vital feature in a turn-based strategy game, but it's nice little side feature.

Cons:
- Multiplayer does not work. I know people will say "oh, have you tried ____?" Yes. I have tried whatever you were going to suggest. It does. Not. Work. I even opened a ticket with Ubisoft support, and after several weeks of trying everything they suggested, I never succesfully joined or hosted a multiplayer game. It doesn't matter how fun the single player is, Heroes is a game to be played with other people.
- Ubisoft went ahead and released Heroes VII before fixing this game, and (surprise surprise) it had the exact same connection issues as this game, plus some all new game breaking bugs. As I said, I didn't actually play VII, but you can go read the reviews for it and they will almost all cite some comparison to the broken status of VI. As of the end of 2016, VII has also been abandoned and will never be patched.

I realize that it looks like the pros outweigh the cons in my list, since the pros are all in-game features, and the cons are out-of-game problems with Ubisoft. Regardless, my recommendation is to avoid this game, and all future releases from Ubisoft. One thing is for sure, I will absolutely not be purchasing another game from them until they stop releasing broken, buggy games that never get fixed. Ubisoft does not deserve my money, or yours, or anyone else's for that matter.
 

NomAnor15
123 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2017
This game is super buggy because of U Play. Never again with the Uplay.

I loved 5. I wish Blizzard would acquire this franchise so it could be made well.
 

twpatry
88 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2019
Unplayable. I loved the Heroes series going back to HoMM 1 (and King's Bounty for the Genesis). I bought this game in 2015 after it had been out for a few years. Unplayable. Uplay either failed to connect, crashed, the game started and died on the intro screen, or died 15 minutes in. Dropped it. Installed it again a year or two later. Same problem. Installed it again last year. Still unable to start it. I have a little more than 4 hours of game time on record. None of it has involved any actual game play. I for one will never buy another Uplay game. You can do as you wish.
 

azafty
78 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
76.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2019
This game has some mixed feelings that is both positive and negative. For those that is a fan of the series, I can say it is worth a try if it is super cheap. The only DLC to get is the Shades of Darkness as it adds a really nice Campaign level. Now for the positives of this game, it adds boss fights to the game making it more flavorful, the Skirmish maps are pretty nice and some are unique. The bad part of this game is not enough maps however to play on, even with all the DLCs. Played them all on hard difficulty and under 70 hours manage to get all the rewards available. Some people claim this game has RPG elements, well it does and it does work adding more strategy. The Conflux people do complain on that as it is not working properly, for me it is working fine. Scenario maps are only 4 with all DLCs. 6 Faction campaign with 4 levels only seems okay. 9/10 This game does crash and somewhat, but you do not lose your saves if you keep auto save on. Overall a dummy down version for newbies trying to get into the series.
 

Caligula
722 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2016
It's too dilluted.

It lost the magic of the first games in the series.

This instalment is similar to other recent ones : It's no longer a game about exploration, discovery, building, being heroic and enjoying a fantasy game. Now it feels like PACMAN, you start a map, and start COLLECTING ressources and things all over the place. I don't feel the strategy, or the tactics, or anything interesting or really fun. I suspect the only people who enjoy this game are the OCD "gotta build everything and pick up everything" types.

You will spend hundreds of hours on this, then look back and can't recall a single memorable moment. Again, this is just a "collect them all" gathering game. It says turn based strategy game on the box, but there is no strategy.

Also, it needs Uplay (ugh) and a constant internet connexion to use the so called "Dynasty" system. As always connexion is shaky and you lose progress because it can't always keep connexion to Dynasty.

Not recommended.
 

DrakenKin
1,479 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
156.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2015
This game is great for a new player to the franchise. Fans of past games see it as one of the worst, but the way the game teaches you how to play is very easy to understand, and since it has the least amount of resource types, its easier to manage buildings and units. I like the fact that there are bosses, reputation classes, dynasty heroes, a bestiary and the campaign that is actually really good. If you have never played a Might and Magic Heroes game before, this will probably be a great strategy game for any library. The biggest downfall is Uplay, which is the unneccisary second step to logging into the game which must be updated to the most recent version to even access. If you have troubles starting the game, uninstall Uplay and then reinstall it a couple times, thats how i got mine to work after.
 

Kadden
368 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
321.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2012
Except Heroes 3, its the best one.
hopefully, it will only get better.

Long campaign, good creature balance and excellent value (tons of gameplay hours withoutonr replay)

Edit: THE “THE NO APOLOGIES” AWARD
love this.
 

Tiny&Purple
1,391 products in account
9
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
162.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2018
Torn on this one. I've played it for well over 150 hours so it's kinda weird giving it a thumbs down. Maybe I'm kidding myself. But most of my play time was because I've LOVED the series for so long now. I continually come back to HoMM V and the add ons. At least once a year. So I'm a bit obsessed with it.

This one just is plagued with issues. First, you have to put aside the Uplay BS. At least Uplay is reasonably stable these days. Better than for years in the past... Then the game itself is a bit frustrating. The mechaincs have changed, and it's so much harder to amass armies and do other things I loved doing in the previous games. Just don't like it enough to give it a thumbs up.

And no, I won't be coming back like with the previous ones. I got so many hours out of it it's probably ok, but can't recommend it except for die hards like me. Get HoMM V and the expansions. Get HoMM IV or even III. All better than this.
 

JohnnyRamrod
1,188 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2017
The only content unlocked by wasting my money on this was the intro video. It's a shame I purchased it so long ago before trying to play it that now I can no longer get a refund. Uplay notes that I have the game but I can't even play the original campaign because even that is apparently DLC that the delux edition does not come with. No original game, no Pirates of the Savage Sea, no Danse Macabre, no Shades of Darkness, nothing. Absolutely nothing for my money.
 

Twisted Santa
313 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
134.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 26
Can t access the game anymore. It is my first time. Last time buying Ubisoft game
 

Louiski
106 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2014
Works badly with the Steam/UPlay combination. When it does work - freezes a lot.
Looks like a fun game, but really not worth the headache.
 

evyatron
209 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
73.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 14, 2019
Won't load :(
 

TaDoZuMo
2 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2020
I'm not creating a Uplay account
 

Kelvales
245 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
194.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 21
The game no longer runs on my Win 10 machine which makes is pretty damn useless. In fact, it freezes out access to other operations forcing me to sign out to get rid of it.
 

twitterpook
22 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2018
Heroes 3 vs Any heroes, everybody know which one is the best. But Heroes 6 is quite good too.

With different mechanics it offers different strategies and a unique gameplay.
To be able to convert cities and buy all of your troops in one city is a huge plus. But the lack of a magic guild... Now this is just sad... To learn spells you must use points from your level up, so if you want many spell just forget it, you won't be able to. Still, this also offer a new gameplay and veterans from Heroes now have to think about another way to win at this game...
 

Ashen One
235 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
I uninstalled this game because uPlay wouldn't let me play my own game. One of the times that it actually let me in, it kicked me out of single player mode because my connection to their DRM server dropped and I lost all of my turn....progress lost because of a dropped internet connection...in single player. This happened about 3-4 times before I just uninstalled. I am reminded why I don't buy games from Ubisoft at all. I forgot this and bought Farcry 3 when it was on sale...first time I tried to play...2 different errors and a uPlay reinstall before it would let me play my own game. Screw these guys.
 

baevar
395 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
66.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2021
It's a fun great game, if you ever get it running at least. It's like a 1 out of 1000 chances of getting it to run and not mess up on you. And if you try to message Ubisoft about it they have a higher chance of messing it up than fixing the problem. So fun game to play but useless trying to running the game. Also maybe never try gifting a DLC of this game to a friend is do to it will most likely to mess up and having to take months of Ubisoft "trying" to fix the problem. Oh yes Ubisoft will ♥♥♥♥ that up too.
 

Vanquish
178 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
153.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2018
THE GAME IS GREAT (SO FAR IS HARD AND DECENT GRAPHICS) but UBISOFT IS A NIGHTMARE!!!!

So the issue is that Uibisoft garbage and Conflux terrible abomination made the game unplayable and HENCE the BAD REVIEWS...
If I were a designer or deveoper or product owner i would sue Ubisoft
 

Argentinean
60 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
158.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2016
When i first bought this game, i was on a high from M&M V, which was an amazing game. I was really looking forward to play a new Heroes game, with better graphics and good old school gameplay.... So what did i get? A game, which is actually worse then V in pretty much all factors.
The gameplay is worse, the graphics are worse and the world itself is confusing and really not well put together. The campaign itself is also pretty bad, and while it has some great boss moments here and there, the game just dissappoint.

If you have not played Heroes V, DONT BUY THIS GAME. Buy Heroes V instead and if you really like that, then you can proberly survive this game aswell and enjoy it to some extent.

Now to the very bad part. The game alone is proberly a 6,5-7/10, eventhough it is worse then V, but the thing, which nearly makes this game unplayable is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay integration. But what is so bad abou the Uplay thing you say? Well, let me sum up:

1:It blocks you from playing the game without an account on their service, which would not be bad if the servers worked all the time, but you are gonna find yourself limited by how the servers work.
2: Unless you have internet connection all the time, the game blocks features from your gameplay. Hero weapens and ingame achievments are blocked and the game is nearly unplayable without these weapens.
3: You will be constantly battered with announcements from Uplay while you play, which can really stop a good gaming stride.

All in all, the game is alright, maybe even a bit bad, but this game really made me hate Ubisoft. They have ruined the Heroes genre and they are only making it worse with Heroes 7. So my advice? Play more of Heroes 3 and 5, they are amazing games and you are not forced to stay connected all the time to play these games. You can actually go on vacation and enjoy some strategy, without Ubisoft interfering.
 

Bacontron
184 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2018
Dreadful. Crashes on startup, and PC can't be recovered without rebooting. Absolute pig of a game.
 

Ghost Cypher
351 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
230.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2021
The Ubisoft launcher is trash and broken. This shouldn't be allowed to be this bad in 2021.
 

Nute Amp
212 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2018
OK, this is getting old even for me. I found it a better game than V, mainly for aesthetic reasons. The Graphical style is a little more serious and less WOWish, but not enough. I find that i dislike the icons, the mess that is looking a map and not inmediately recognize a location or a resource. Everything just blends in. The music is a remake of old HOMM3 and 2 themes, but with a generic feeling. I know I sound like an old man, but everytime I try these new installments I just wish I'm playing HOMM3 or 2 and even 4. Anyway, I know I'm being unfair and if I played it long enough I will find more positive things to say, but life is too short for playing games that don't hold your interest, Ah, also I didn't found a random map generator, even V had one.
 

Termino
2,030 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
150.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2012
Might & Magic Heroes VI. My first observation about this game is why did they have to change around the name? What was so wrong with Heroes of Might & Magic?

Probably the most important thing you need to know about this game is that it uses Ubisoft's draconian "always-on" DRM meaning that if the Ubi servers or god forbid, your own connection cuts out, you can expect to lose any progress since your last save and quite often get a corrupt save as well.

Heroes is a very pretty game and disregarded the weird caching issues and the slow loading times it is a visually very impressive game.

The problem with this game however is that you aren't trying to win battles, you are trying to win battles without losing any units. Because the AI is 100% predictable this becomes more like a puzzle game quite quickly, trying to find the perfect tactic.

Major imbalance in the RPG system doesn't help either and this just feels like a game that was released purely to cash in on the name.
 

c00lizz
2,332 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2018
$15? I should've just brought a WinRAR license instead
 

aroguedonut
165 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2021
This game doesnt launch!
 

Dice
60 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
176.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2021
It won't load and i do not want to learn to be a programmer to make it load
 

Link_309
74 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
Don't buy it.
Can't play multiplayer because of bugs and Ubisoft haven't updated it for over a year.

Steam shouldn't be selling this.
 

UberLolKage
162 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 4
I havent played this almost for decade. same bug on starting the game in fullscreen as I remember from the release which is kind of okayish. but there is a crash in sanctuary campaign which seems unavoidable hence ruining whole game. also too late for refund. avoid this game
 

kennethmorca
19 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2018
Was full of bugs on launch, but i decidid to give it anotherr shot. After being forced to install Uplay, only to have it launch through Steam regardless, im met with a never ending black screen that is forced on top of other apps so I can't even use task manager to close out. After attempting to fix the issue and being forced to restart my computer multiple times I've decided they really dont want anyone to actually play the game anymore and am more than happy to oblige.
 

teses
614 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
113.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
Not a bad Heroes game, all things considered. I'm not entirely certain how I feel about them homogenizing all of the rare resources into one.

I like that you can now specialize your hero in any direction you want, but I'm not a huge fan of the talents that they give you. They don't see as fun as part 5's.

Still a solid game, pretty fun to play, interesting teams. I wish that you had 2 choices of upgrade for each unit like they did for Heroes 5.

Unforunately their online service is a nightmare and I have yet been able to get a group of 4 into one game. There's always an issue where 1 player cannot join a game, and that excluded player changes based on who is hosting. Player 1 can't join Player 2's game, Player 4 can't join Player 2's game and so on and so forth.
 

Skooma Kreb
171 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
240.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2016
I loved the might and magic series and even liked this game while it worked, after a patch, about a year ago, the game remained unplayable, I searched for solutions, and even tried it on two of my systems and the game would crash upon load. I have uninstalled and reinstalled to attempt to load the game on each new video card, and mb/cpu combo, even 3 video cards later, have just tried again to load this with the same issue. This is not the only game I have had dificulty with Ubisoft, I will refrain from buying any UBISOFT games that requires Ubisoft's front end to play. Goodby Ubisoft... companies like this hurt PC gaming leaving PC'ers in frustration and moving to other systems. Suggest you pass on this game untill its rock bottom priced!..and then hope for the best.
 

Flash
1,061 products in account
1
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2014
Homm is one of my favorite game series

According to my objective list 3 > 5 > 6 > 4 (first 2 dont matter) so this is one of the worse homm games. Just like 4 it tries to be different and fails, the main problems are

only 3 tiers of creatures
half of the resources gone
hero leveling replaced with wannabe rpg tree
every creature has too many overly-complicated passive and active effects

I dont think this game does anything better than homm 5. The reason i am recommending it is because it's still a good game if not compared to previous titles. So good that i had to buy it twice

Uplay did nothing wrong
 

Jeba
417 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
187.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2016
I keep forgetting that I preordered this game. I keep forgetting I even preordered it through EB Games and got a T-shirt. I keep forgetting how excited and impressed I was with this game. I remember now because all that lasted for a week at least and a month at best. This game is broken to all hell from the beta to now.

The name gave a bad omen and like the company the game suffered popularity issues and decided to turn against itself and the community. It's Heroes of Might & Magic Ubisoft, you idiots. The fact they made a might and magic game based on the engine and universe they created even further soiled the game's franchise. Then the company made a new one, it is even worse. But at least it's getting support unlike this poor anal abscess. From being taken hard and wild with no consideration by the company this game is that a bad of a state.

At first this game was ok, fun at times. Then patch after patch with severe bugs not being fixed sort of killed most of the enjoyment this game could have given. At one point I had to install uplay's standalone installer just so I could play this freaking game because Ubisoft fails to provide adequate support across steam. The addition of swords and staffs broke the game beyond belief. Some were outright ignored when there are those that give you an additional army stack at the beginning of the battle. Making early fights pathetic and downright unfair to anyone who didn't use said sword. Some staffs barely worked in your favour if you were up against the wrong faction. As if Necropolis cared about inititive. The story that came packed with this mess was bland, boring, and uninteresting. But not uncreative. I will give that they actually did an ok job of some original story to go with it as the game series have been fantastic in regards to the story it gave.

But near the end it got stupid and ridiculous. As if the plot was rushed because they worked so hard on trying to make it interesting or definitive. In the end it was a let down of almost epic proportions. Throughout the campaign I recall many moments that neutral armies would endlessly grow. There came a point where an army of 10000 Pearl Priestesses was more of a threat than the main army I was supposed to defeat. In the end I just ignored the enemy and just killed those to get experience for said overpowered swords. Which btw was almost impossible to level and results of said leveling was much to be desired.

It angers me so that Ubisoft has ruined a series with their fugly dirty hands. I should have seen the signs and accepted it was bad when I saw it on preorder.
 

~Grim~RøA EøS~
376 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
370.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2020
Good fun; surprised that it´s so under-rated on steam
 

Snippedy S. Nap
157 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
61.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2017
Please do not waste your money. Game doesn't launch because of uPlay. Steam provides no support. Ubisoft provides no support. They will steal your money and not give refund. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥ em
 

Jebus
100 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2021
black sreen at startup. game tab won't closing. piece of ♥♥♥♥.
 

senbossya
774 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 24
Worked decently (As decently as one of the worst M&M games can) until Ubisoft got their grubby hands in it and ruined it by linking it with their mediocre ♥♥♥♥ tier application. Now I can't even get it to run... Probably for the better to be honest but still. Why.
 

Scurvydog
220 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
I had bought the game yesterday at very nominal price. 10 gb was downloaded
When I installed it, the key of only heroes of might and magic 6 was only accepted
When the game was started blank screen showed . I read many forums finally found it working
If you buy the game through steam
The steps are
Go to steam , go to game ,right click the properties to locate local files
Locate heroes of might and magic 6.exe
Change properties of compatibility setting
Run in windows 7 ,disable full screen and administrator
The game should run
 

aksaraogi25
18 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
134.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2021
I liked the game.

I see a lot of reviews about it not working now. I am not surprised. When I first bought it it would not work on my laptop. UBI support was trash and just stated my Graphics card was not supported because it was a laptop GEForce.

The game is fun if you can play it, but knowing UBI I would not be surprised if they broke it.
 

morhavok
779 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2019
Broken, Crashes a ton now
 

ian.3001
358 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2020
Loaded this game on two different op systems a total of 5 separate times. WON'T run. NO response from UBISOFT. Customer support SUCKS, and thats IF you can get a response to your complaint. Which you WON'T.
 

xenolith1964
6 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
98.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2020
Ubisoft and it's launcher are a scam. Do not give this piss poor company any of your money.

I bought this game on release, played for nearly 100 hours, and recently decided to reinstall it. Now it is no longer valid since the unnecessary ubisoft launcher is demanding a key to play it, and won't accept my key, since it's already associated with the account I'm logged in with.

♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
 

frogbert007
229 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2014
The single player is fun, very classic "HoMM3" if you will. The campaign is ok, a little dry, but the gameplay is fun. If you like playing single player HoMM3, you will really like this game.

Now, multiplayer is a cluster-f. Trying to connect to other games, chat channels, ect...is an impossible mission, fraught with danger, failure, and really strange errors. Good luck trying that option, odds are, you won't.

Ubisoft abandoned the title, offering no more support, regardless of these bugs, and you are going to use uPlay AND Steam...look, that is just dumb. uPlay is clunky and redundant with Steam.

Mixed review, but because I like the SP that much, yes that much, I barely recommended this game.
 

Yrmagoth
228 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
327.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
If you are a fan of Heroes 3 or turn based strategy game, this is a must get.

Story Plot : 9/10 All stories linked to each other and working towards revealing the mastermind @ final campaign
New feature: Dynasty weapon & traits adds more spice to the game, i wish there are more dynasty weapons!

High replay value: Once you clear the campaign, you will be wondering about how to clear the campaign again with opposite choices (i.e. Might vs Magic, Blood vs Tears). You will be want to use your favourite race to re-play at higher difficulty level and/or single scenarios.

Character development: Experimenting with talents trees and controlling multiple heroes of different talents as the story progress keeps me addicted to the game

Downside:
- Might and Magic is not really balance, which steers many players towards playing just the stronger side. Same goes to Tears vs Blood.
- Requires UPlay active connection [I've not been able to play the game due to UPlay server down which is frustrating]
- Still some bugs which are not fixed till now (eg. max level magic heroes are suppose to summon 22 Earth Elementals but it's down to 12 if you spec Earth Magic)

Conclusion:
Overall is enjoyable and especially with 8USD promo price now, you don't even have to ponder!
 

Wisely
399 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
248.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
IMHO One of the Best strategy games ever, along with HoMM3. Beautiful graphic, and a lot of new features. For more exact information feel free to read this: http://heroescommunity.com/viewthread.php3?TID=33655


//Try to get it on -75% sale, or buy on outpost[www.tf2outpost.com]
 

-=|Markus|=-
609 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2018
Product refunded

Game was impossible to lauch on my ROG with windows 10. After several attempts (all known solution from forums doesn't work) and watching black screen for half an hour I decide to ask for refund.
 

BloodyPat
323 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
118.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2017
Well, like everyone i heard the bad rumors, that this is a horrible game, but i must say it is much better then i expected, witb great missions, heroes, mechanices, and of course dark elves! (And the inferno are more chaotic then ever)

anyway, buy heroes 5, it's much better, but if you finished heroes 5 and the dlc's and you have some money to spend this game is great.
 

Gloomy_gecko
76 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2019
Product refunded

I quickly refunded this game because it's filled with bugs and crashes often. You are better off just buying heroes VII or even V, it's still good after all these years.
 

HUMAD
409 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
160.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 8, 2016
Playing a hotseat game, not connected to the internet and it says:

"Disconnected, returning to main menu."

♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft. What did I disconnect from? It's a hotseat game, there is nothing to disconnect from. I lost my save game. You guys should be ashamed of your always on DRM junk. Never buying another "Uplay" game again for this fact and how annoying and buggy Uplay through steam is. It hardly ever synced my save games between computers anyway.

The game itself was boring without the DLC and overpriced with the DLC, glad I only paid a few dollars while everything was on sale.
 

[TCS] Robert
232 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2019
game doesn't work. just black screens when ever you open it. i tried every possible tactic to get it to open and play, all failed. save yourself the 20 dollars and don't buy.
 

Santazkrew
76 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2021
Seems to be broken on Steam, simply crashes on startup.
 

Rfl
683 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2017
its not bad, but honestly, MMH V was better
 

Onelies
235 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2015
Don't buy it. It won't start.
 

stromyfsp
51 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
47.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2019
I so wanted to recommend the game because the gameplay is actually good, different from the rest of the series, but good.

Unfortunately, the DRM is a disgrace: you need to be connected to the servers if you want to enjoy the complete, balanced game. That means that if the connection is wavering, from your end or theirs, you're disconnected and lose your progress.

If you play "offline", you can't use weapons or scenario bonuses, and the game seems unbalanced without them.
 

Bob
422 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2013
Utterly broken game. Multiplayer is a shambles, disconnecting all the time, giving black screens between fights that means you have to bomb the game out plus a multitude of other bugs. The worst crime however is the difficulty level is ridiculous! I don't mind a difficult game, if I SET it to difficult. On EASY, in the tutorial, it's almost impossible to win. Myself and a friend have tried to no avail. If you CAN win, it's not by playing the game in a fun way--- it's by ignoring all of it and steaming ahead. Bad game with dreadful developer support. Avoid.
 

Steve-O
1,141 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2019
The game is no longer being updoted but it still contains several critical bugs, including one that prevents it running on Windows 10 without messing with compatability settings and more than a few after that which cause the game to crash. This game is not in a fit state to sell.
 

Xifihas
843 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2019
#1 well-made game in the franchise ruined by bad calls from developers or publisher. Absolutely beautiful overall presentation, interesting race/unit designs + boss fights, good story and much easier to follow than other HOMM titles. Wish HOMM 7 was made by the same standards.

Fun fact: I bought a collector's box day 1, couldn't get it to work at all and had to pirate. Connection, bugs and stuff are better now, and the game works, at least for me. Damage is done and apparently it still doesn't work for many people, but I'd still recommend it, if only so that the art and music don't go to waste. It's that good.
 

遭重七倍
65 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2014
The Good:

Still Might and Magic, still pretty fun

The Bad

Game is laggy, have to put up with u-play (ironic name),UI feels clustered and clunky, takes way tooo long to load, unit animations are kinda lame,

Bad far outweighs the good probably give it a miss unless is like $10.00 or less
 

No idea how to play!
108 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2014
Bought it... Downloaded... Started it... Surprise... you have to use Uplay to play it... and Uplay crashes everytime you try to start it... not sure why this is being sold by steam and forcing you to use craptastic Uplay... waste of money for a game that you probably won't ever even get to start!!!
 

Nanofire
519 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
551.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2013
Just GREAT moments!!!! And still have to go through "Darkness"
 

Jeanluc
269 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
489.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2020
Forced to install useless Uplay platform which its quite unstable. Game freezes, haven't been able to play in years.
 

SDF1Tracer
16 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2020
I think it is a good game and it is a pity that Ubisoft has abandoned it and many of us experience black screen trouble... The fix which worked for me is simple, just edit (in notepad) the "ProfileData" file located here: \Documents\Might & Magic Heroes VI\yourusername and change fullscreen to "windowed like this: <gfx_Fullscreen2>Windowed</gfx_Fullscreen2>. Then the game works fine, at least for me.

Now to the game itself:
- I like races of MaM VI, to be honest, I missed Inferno in HoMaM IV and I miss it in MaM VII
- it may surprise some of you, but I prefer graphical style of this game over the next (VII)
- I also prefer the way how you learn new skills and spells in this version, it is something new and it forces to to use multiple spells you would not normally choose, since most of them have cooldown a few battle rounds; when I compare it with VII, I like spells and skills from VI more
- conversion of towns is a nice possibility, you are not forced to do that

What I don´t like:
- where are my favourite resources? Where is mercury and gems...? I don´t see a point in this simplification and maybe MaM VII tried to fix it, but they created new resources and did not return to old good classical set and I still hate it...
- forts and control over mines is something I don´t see a point in... maybe just to make it even simpler???
- sometimes AI is not the brightest

Overall I enjoy this game a lot, even more than MaM VII or V :-)
 

khadgarr
57 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
66.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
I'm sure it's a great game... if only I could play it. Uplay crashes 100% of the time, I have yet to actually play this game, can't get into it. Don't waste your money.
 

Lord Malice
37 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2021
HoMM 5 was the last decent HoMM. And 3 was the best of course.
 

Prynio
182 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2014
That HOMM is nice! Well, It's like HOMM I,II, III & IV.
I hated HOMM V and only could have played it like 15 Minutes, it was a complete disappointment for me.
I was also afraid of buying this one after that bad experience with the 5th but after reading some positive reviews from the fans of the older series I snapped it and it's really like HOMM III&IV. Thanks!
There is also the 3D zoom-in feature but who would wanna use that? You don't always have to use all the resources and technological developments to create a game.
They shouldn't have touched the concept of HOMM I, II, III and IV while creating the 5th. It seems that they already learnt from their mistakes and gone back to the original concept in the 6th.
Well; Don't be afraid to buy this one if you are fan of the real HOMM franchise. Some details have changed but in the means of general game design it's very similar to the original series(I-IV).
 

Rojon
725 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2015
Uplay

Go play heroes 3 instead
 

draco2tiamat
291 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
249.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2021
do not buy this game is broken!
steam should remove the game and be more responsible!
black screen cant start the game either through steam launch or ubisoft directly.
was a nice game but they seem to break games or dont want to maintain them so you buy other games like
Might & Magic: Heroes VII
 

Immortal-King
85 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
212.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2019
I played this franchise since i was a boy, and i love it.
This is still a fine game if you are a fan of the series. but it has a lot of bugs.
The gameplay mechanics are questionable at best.
The graphics and performance of the game is quite poor.
But in the end i still enjoyed the game.
 

BipolarSmile
132 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2021
Pros:
- It's HoMM
- I absolutely loved and completed the game, don't understand all the hate. Started playing HoMM at version 2, the third were the best, skipped the fourth.

Cons:
- I played it a long time ago, and as far as I remember it was quite buggy but nonetheless I completed it.
- You'll need a lot of time to complete it.
 

𝅵𝅵
207 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2017
Product refunded

Failed to connect to uplay. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft.
 

hobotone
289 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
117.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2019
The game is not supported for Windows 10. There are workarounds. That doesn't justify the fact that they've abandoned the product.
 

Aelemar
346 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2020
Uninstalled and removed because I don't appreciate being forced to create accounts just to play the game. My mistake, I didn't read the fine print before purchase.
 

lesotto
84 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2017
Product refunded

I know the game and it is great and all but Uplay is the most #*#*#* -up thing I've ever seen!!!!!!!

If you want to fix the game, get rid of Uplay
 

:( noob
109 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2014
Cant even play the game anymore Uplay just crashes all the bloody time waste of money.
 

TalonStrike
82 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2020
Thought I'd give this game another go, you know - blast from the past and all.

"CAN UBISOFTPLAYER MAKE CHANGES TO YOUR COMPUTER?"

-no-

"OKAY UPDATING UBISOFT LAUNCHER PLAYER THINGIE. DOWNLOADING MANY MB's"

-uninstall all ze things-

Seriously get rid of this piece of sh.. ubiwhatever player. I use steam, i dont want a launcher, that launches a a launcher, that launches a launcher. piss off.
 

Tim
311 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2014
I have played this game for a long time in the campaigns and they are hard as all hell. Seems like the devs have copied most of the pages of the Bad Gameplay Manual. Forget making your own unique hero in the campaigns, unless you spec them very specifically and very carefully then it's close to impossible to beat the missions.
As side for the super cheating AI with it's heros respawning with full armies, the game is rather good. Has some good features and nice visuals. It also feels less cluttered unlike its older cousins in the HoMM series. I think they recycled the music from HoMM V though as I feel as if I have heard every track before.
But my issue is and remain the super cheater AI and the lack of creative freedom in the campaigns and possibly custom games thus why I will not be recommending this game to anyone. Want a great HoMM experience then get HoMM 3. It is easily the best one in the series.
 

The_Pastmaster
387 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
60.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
Product refunded

This is a great game. There are many people who have written about why it is good - and they are all true.

The issue with this game is the constraints added by the third party DRM:
1. Additional account required
2. Additional software required
3. Additional login required every time you play
4. Syncing online and local games does not happen
5. Online servers not available

This ruins a great game.
Do not buy till they remove the DRM.

Edit: 20th Aug 2016:
I reformatted my PC due to some issues, and as usual, went about re-installing my favorite games.
SUPRISE - This game (the only one out of around 15 I re-installed) will not validate. It says "key has already been activated".
I have contacted Ubisoft support. Took a week for them to get back, close the ticket, and say I need to provide proof of purchase (also lots of other details).

TL;DR
Ubisoft support sucks
 

Percy Jackson
106 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2018
Pros:
-Nice graphic by the time it come out.
-Good story.
-Unique gameplay compare to other HoMM.
Cons:
-The game forced you to connect to Conflux to enjoy it.
-Not compatible with window 10, which force you to setting the game to window mode before you enter the game (not everyone know how to do this).
-Ton of bug that exist for years without being fixed.
-Game keep force quit to synchronising after few battles.

In short, I wouldn't recommend this game or HoMM7 as Ubisoft is ruining the series. HoMM3 and 5 is the best place to spend you money if you like HoMM. Even the HoMM online with only 2 races is much better.
 

AsssCrew09
57 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2020
This game is a mixed bag, while you certainly can enjoy the graphics of it, I can't call it a HoMM series game.
Is it fun? Absolutely, be it glitches or actual gameplay, but it's not a Heroes game.
There's a lot to it, including straight up unlogical downgrades from HoMM5 to straight up just making a new faction that has little to no proper impact on the series and only properly exists in this game.
 

caravyas
88 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
Ubisoft does an incredible job of making the game unplayable, assisted with its disasterous launcher, i wasn't even able to get the game to play. Just crashes on launch and forces a restart.
 

mosabic7
12 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2015
Aside from the UPlay thing, everything about this game is quite decent.

6.5/10
 

SinVII
601 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 9
Ubisoft sucks
 

M4TS
54 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2021
Ubisoft Uplay and Conflux is just a pain to use. This should not be alowed to be sold on Steam
 

Huliman
155 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2015
Doesn't work. Required Ubisoft UPlay either crashes or refuses to launch the game. Don't bother obtaining this game legally.

Thank you so, Ubisoft, for yet another "great" experience.
 

Deliorion
271 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2021
(Played a lot off Steam.)
Closest to 3 in spirit, it made a lot of changes, still ending up a bit worse but balancing out as a worthy and welcome change of pace from 3.
In particular the new magic system is really cool.
Personally I'd prefer it to 3 if it had random map generation and a few more factions.
I could understand being a big enough fanboy to not accept it over 3, but how do people who prefer 5 exist?

P.S. Since the servers are no longer supported, you can easily break the game to unlock everything in the menus. Saw some people in global chat so MP probably works.
 

Souler
477 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 12
Product refunded

Very disappointing.
I played all the previous versions of this game without steam and for some reason its so buggy I can't even get it to launch.
I requested a refund and it got excepted. I would have preferred to be able to play the game though.
 

Br0th3R_Gr1m
78 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
I purchased this a LONG time ago and was refused a Steam refund at the time as they had no easy policy on it. It has never worked and crashed on loading. Occasionally I try to get it to work since I am not able to get a refund due to Steam POLICY. It never has. Do not purchase this as it is a waste of both your money and time.
 

gespenst
143 products in account
1
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2019
The bad reviews were true. You buy, you spend ages downloading and installing, you pass that little access codes joke (you get 3 codes, only one works, you have to guess which), and all you get is a black screen and the obligation to hard restart. After restart and retry: black screen.
That is one of the most disrespectfull service I've encountered.
 

impromptu_litt
23 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
68.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2017
Stick to Heroes V. I did not like VI. It's Buggy--display issues are what ultimately had me give up and put out the ten bucks to reexplore V. "Easy" mode is anything but. The campaigns are unsatisfying. The tutorial mode doesn't go over super basic stuff that would have been very useful to know (like how certain units attack) for someone who had not played the series in a long time. I do not go out of my way to write bad reviews, but this was an extremely frustrating purchase.
 

Skinny Dave
21 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2016
This game crashes all the time. I actually never got to play it. After a while of trying I tried to refund it but it said that I had it for too long. :(
 

RedGuard
28 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2021
Game is now broken. Does not start.
Unless you have a legacy PC running an old OS like Windows 7 or 8.1 do not buy this. It won't work.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Doc Clarke
643 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 26
Won't start any more, ubisoft games don't work as it should. ....
 

Kokins
99 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2019
I had spent too much time trying to run it. I gave up.
 

slameny.hubert
13 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2021
this game doesnt start , monitor went black . windows 10
how to get ♥♥♥ refund?
 

arminas19921026
12 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2021
simply will not load, just the wheel of death that locks u out of the pc. what a waste, was looking forward to playing this.
 

Stoggie
26 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2021
Uplay will not allow me to install this game, says the STEAM Key is not valid!!!!
 
A developer has responded to this review

weaponx83
321 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
Uplay crashes as soon as I launch the game.... Thanks Ubisoft!
 

Speed
350 products in account
2
64 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2014
I was tricked. My fault. I thought they moved the game to good (steam) platform. But got same old Uplay sh... Now I own two copies of unplayable game ... Never by anything that (non-)works on uplay! I succeed to play a little with my previous version when I bought it directly with uplay - game itself would be OK, if You are lucky to get it work.
 

drako
137 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2021
Uplay, enough said.
The game is fine but Just the fact that Ubisoft has touched it should make you think twice. If this game was a 10, the UPLAY requirement makes it a 4 at best. This is the sole reason I will forever avoid the purchase of any IP going forward that requires the use of UPLAY. If you work for Ubisoft and are a good person, find a way out.
Too late for my refund, but i'll never launch this title again. Where do you get off Ubisoft selling titles on steam that require UPLAY? Either trust Steam to enforce your DRM, or only sell the title on your platform.
May god have mercy on your soul, if it is right that he should do so.
 

oldblue2001
139 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
344.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2018
Can't login into the damn game so i cant review it. Note to Game Devs if you force us to connect to the mothership make sure the damn mothership is STILL ALIVE!
 

Kerrune
59 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2021
Annoying that you have to also make a ubisoft account. Additionally because of the launcher, my game freezes my computer half the time.
 

Cazador
71 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2015
Hi everyone,

So i used to play with heroes V, and it was for me a very good game.
So i decided to buy this one. I don't usully write a comment, but i feel so angry that i do it now.

The game is quite different compare to V, i will just say that it's a kind of new game, maybe easier.. You don't have so much choice to "personalize" your hero. Nvm this is not the bad point.
The thing is, THIS GAME IS BUG!!! Black screen, uplay, some spell not available (First campaign, good luck).
If you are not affraid to kick and restart the game 2-3 times in a row, buy it. If you just want discover this game, leave now!
 

Thraenor
73 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2014
The people who are putting this game down are complaining about Uplay, not about the game. The game is good. Uplay is redundant, unnecessary and cumbersome. However, it does not detract from the game itself. Someone said there are multiple steps to registering with Uplay. There is one (admittedly redundant) step, and it consists of pasting your CD key from Steam into Uplay. Someone said Uplay has too much downtime. I've played every Assassin's Creed game through Uplay as well as Rayman Legends, so I have a lot of time spent on Uplay. I have yet to have one incident in which I could not play because Uplay was down.

Would I rather not have Uplay? Damn right. Redundant "services" like Uplay and Origin should just move everything over to Steam. They are trying to fight piracy by punishing their paying customers. It's the most ridiculous and ill-conceived plan imaginable. However, people should not be putting this excellent game down because of Ubisoft's paranoid, control freak mentality. If you like HOMM games, you'll love this edition.
 

The Roadstar
687 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2013
Probably one of the most heart breaking developments of modern gaming.

A terrible continuation of a pretty awesome series of games. Too many of the fundemental mechanics from the previous titles have been lost in an attempt to revamp/modernise the game, if you want an easily digestable gaming experience, go and play COD, and if you pass the bank on the way please transfer my money back.

I would hasten to recomend people try out Heroes 3 for a great retro experience and heores 5 for a more up to date feel.

6 is an embarrassing knife in the back to this series, I truly hope it is not a fatal blow.

***Edit: I appear to have been quite angry when I wrote this review. I've just made some edits to make it a little more level headed.

Also I don't think I emphasised just how good this series is as a whole, and how important it is for you to try out Heores 3 especially. The hours I have sunk into that game, with friends in hot seat or online, or just plain old solo, have all been incredible fun.
 

minty
288 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2021
It did not load so I could not play the game. Had problems from the time it loaded
 

millermtranch1
7 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2017
Crashes on AI turn. Tried for an hour to resolve using a variety of methods, no luck.

 

Spectre
592 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2014
I may not have played this game long enough, but i have played every Might & Magic: Heroes games before, and my favorite is the third game. But this game (So far only played skirmish) is a very interesting one, I like it, i shall spend much more time with it, there are some of heroes that was created back in the third game, which is awesome. I recommend this for everybody who like fantasy, turned based games. The only negative thing that i've noticed is that you need Uplay for it. But the game itself is fun but takes a lot of time to learn. :D
 

Lendar
416 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 31
Really tried to enjoy this game, but this is the worst version of HOMM ever.
- lots of problems with ubisoft connection
- zero opportunity to play in off-line mode
- graphic bugs in playmode and cut scenes
- problems with activation keys (!) and acces to main campaigns
- some elements of the game are too complicated and the other unnecessary simplified
- and etc....

Most unpleasant game experience... and waste of time.
 

Fey Valentine
63 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2016
Extremely dissapointed with this purchase. The game itself is great, however Uplay is necessary to play this game (alongside Steam), and so called CONFLUX DRM just ruins it for me because, whatever I tried, sometimes it connects to its servers, sometimes it doesn't. And in order to play this game offline, you basically have to be connected to internet anyway. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
 

netzzil
36 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 28
Doesn't launch. Black screen. Absolutely livid.
 

Seath46
145 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2020
This software is a mess. All i'm doing is trying to launch this software, reinstall, fix some how and so on. Ubisoft support is ... well there is no support as it should be. Overall - terrible experience.
 

2013mn2013
6 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
168.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2016
Good, but HOMM3 better))
 

АssЭй
6 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2016
I've read reviews where the game is buggy, where the design is a little janky, where the balance is a little off. I'm not entirely sure about that, because the game requires an Always On connection to some manner of server called Conflux. And even though my connection with the internet remains stable (as far as I can tell--everything else works), I repeatedly lose connection with Conflux.

I just wanna play the ♥♥♥♥♥♥' game. Which, from what little I played, is a step in the wrong direction from its predecesors.
 

Studio Ghibli
350 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2019
The game is awesome. It's chill with thrills. Very laid back but it keeps you interested at the same time. Storytelling is good and the dialogues as well despite being a bit cringy sometimes. The battle is awesome, it can be quite thrilling especially during important encounters.
The only thing that is total garbage, hence the bad reviews, is the Ubisoft launcer and the way it is integrated in the game. You pretty much have to be online to use the full features of the game.
However, it is bearable given how great the game is. If the launcher was missing I would rate it a 8.5/10 easily. It is worth playing. Be carefull what name you choose when you create your dynasty, you wont have the option to change it.
 

ayeegiannos
107 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 26, 2017
I don't really write reviews, but this game has failed so hard I have to write one. And unfortunately it has nothing to do with the actual game.

1. Uplay crashed every time I tried to launch it. Fixed this by finding it and setting it to run as administrator by default.
2. Tried to launch the game. Nothing. It never launches.
3. Decided to go play other stuff. Restarted, came back. Won't launch through steam.... at all. Had to create a desktop icon so I can conviently directly lauch it. .... If you're going to sell on steam, then your launcher should work with steam...



Finally got it to play by finding the exe in the directory and running it directly as administrator... you suck uplay.

EDIT: If you launch the game this way, good luck figuring out how to connect to Conflux... So you're feature set will be limited.
 

Cristo
173 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
94.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2019
The game itself is good well not so good as the fifth one and the story is weird but overall experience is fine. THE REAL PROBLEM is their network service called Conflux... it is a real cancer you cannot even play offline because all saves are online and they will be just gone conflux has a tendency often to shutdown and if you finish a hard or long battle and you did not save it it will really piss you of.
 

Baby Xilitol
794 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2017
This game was a dismal follow-on in a game series that has been degrading since Heroes III. I can't imagine why they would have removed random maps and replayability. And what did they give in exchange? I couldn't find anything other than graphical improvements. The 3rd party developers who remade II and III did a better job that the AAA's at trying to revive this once lovable series.
 

Clotho
146 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2020
In my ongoing and likely futile effort to write a Steam review for every game in my library (#436 out of 612)... it's time for Might & Magic: Heroes VI.

The sixth installment in the venerable "Heroes of Might & Magic" series, HoMMVI is mostly notable for the bizarre fact that the developers forgot the name of the series they were working with, and jumbled up the word order. This, I think, better than anything else demonstrates the level of care put into the game: not much.

Note: Also played on PC, sans-Steam.
 

Arsene Lupin
864 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
261.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2018
Until today the graphics of this games are nice. (except cutscenes). The story is interesting. It's a good game to play, I haven't faced any bug during finishing the game. I really liked the new features like dinastry traits, converting cities, etc. The only thing that bothers me that some missions are insanely looooong.
 

Lati
332 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2017
Bought this. Game requires uplay, so had to register my keys inside my uplay account.
Fine, I already have other ♥♥♥♥ that requires this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, so guess I'll get that up and running as well for no good reason.
Game shows up in uplay, but unable to register my second key as it's "invalid".

Oh well, guess I'll just run some vanilla maps for now.

Launch game, and all looks good.
Oh ♥♥♥♥, I can't start the campaign, because I've not unlocked the game itself.

Even though uplay shows the game is in my library, I can run the game, but can't start a campaign or a skirmish map or multiplayer. So I paid for the menu of the game. Great ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ value.
Probably better off not wasting my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time on this piece of ♥♥♥♥ anyway, but this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ scam.
Last time I buy a HOMM game, because honestly I cannot be arsed to play around with stupid support ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for something that should've just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ worked outta the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ box!

Ps. Game is also riddled with microtransactions, so I guess at some point between 2011 when I bought this ♥♥♥♥ and now, they screwed something up and broke it for me.

Wonder if steam refunds ♥♥♥♥ bought six years ago?
 

Global Delete
492 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2020
You're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joking.
Steam requires you also to register at ubisoft.
After that you get bug with black window in the game unless you edit configuration file. Every time.
Get bug with frozen window.
Creatures are not placed into tower during tactics phase, though computer player can do it.
Mines that are automatically captured if you (or enemy) holds the main town in the area.
One rare resource (crystals) instead of 4. Which makes all economics just stupid.
Conversion of all towns and dwellings for money.
Town portal between all your cities.

Absence of any random in skills leveling. You just level up exactly what you want

This is trash. Complete trash.
You do not need to think. There's no strategy here. It's just high resolution graphics.
0/10
 

valiev.ivan
25 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2020
Firstly, the start up freeze on black screen. After DIVING and DIVING the dumpsters of questions about it I can say i found it, yet another problem poped out. Can't connect to what was it called.. CONFLUX. What the hell? And without that shiiiii I can't even play offline. You know what, I played all the other HoMM before 6, and it was an amazing experience all the years through, but they can't seem to want to fix things properly or fix ANYTHING at all.

I'm happy for those, who has it working, i'm sorry for those poor souls who are just like me, wasting time on finding answers or asking the support, when you at the end get nothing done, only a refund ticket already filled with disappointment and regret even trying. After all, the only game these guys care about is Assassins Creed, and they want to release HOMM X, with hope to upgrade?

I rather buy a snale for 5 bucks with more action than anything else from these new releases. ty bye
 

UNIFĀCIJS
164 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2019
Can't even start the game, total failure
 

endlessmagic1
32 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2021
Never could play this game. Every time that I tryed to open, the game crashes and freeze my pc. I change my hardware and the samething happens to my new build... this game realy runs?
 

Dharoth
99 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
294.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2020
In gameplay, screen gets very dark. Unplayable.
If anyone has a solution, please post.
 

TemplarofGod
15 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Not worth it. Terrible game mechanics. Awful always online DRM.
 

Snow_Blitz
452 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
541.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2021
Can't start the game anymore. Gets a black screen and that's it.. not responding. Shame, I enjoyed playing this game a lot.

Update: There's a fix to the problem of running this on Windows 10:
https://steamcommunity.com/app/48220/discussions/0/1697174779857845791/#c1696049513782376079

Changed my recommendation to thumb up once I managed to get the game working.
 

Narxx
27 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2020
It's very hard to get the basics of the series wrong. HOMM6 definitely tries with a boring skill tree system, which slows down gameplay and limits the number of spells at our disposal. The dinasty weapons system is also a waste of time and a ridiculous way of pushing "games as service" into this.

But besides that, it's still got that addictive and solid gameplay loop, and doesn't look as horrendous as HOMM5. Zones of control for mines and lairs thankfully take away some of the micromanagement and are a good idea.
 

RuySan
572 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2020
Bought the game .. they require you to set a account.. then they wont let you play it with the key you got .. Im stuck at a screen that shows all the features but cant use them as they are asking me to buy it again .. scam
 

damiantitan
130 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2016
Not anything like the earlier versions, it's ridiculously buggy and terribly slow.
 

32 Characters of Awesome
307 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2017
Just like other people complaint. The game crash alot. I can't even start the campaign! Refund!
 

Hoha
415 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2016
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! You need Uplay to run it and Uplay doesnt work at all. Dont just take my word for it, look it up. Uplay doesnt work.
 

jonny_wookie
125 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
68.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
Forgot my Ubisoft credentials so now i can't play it.
Blaming this platform for backwards management of games.
0/10.
 

[M]onsta
84 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2014
Does not start "out of the box".
UPlay Launcher crashes when trying to start the game.
I did not buy this to spend my time "fixing" something that could have been patched shortly after release... 13 Oct, 2011...

 

1x ZuraK
253 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
264.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2013
If you are a fan of turn-based tactical games, then this is a great entry in the genre, and even a better entry in the M&M series than the others to date. M&M: Heroes 5 managed to hold my interest for somewhere around 15 to 20 hours, while I have enjoyed this one for almost 250 hours at the time of writing this review.

The game does become fairly repetitive after a while, but its repetitiveness was not enough to put me off the game. I typically get somewhere between 30 minutes to 5 hours out of a game, while games that I particularly enjoy might go as high as 60 or 70. There is usually only one games each year that will get me to put in more than 40 hours, let alone the time I have invested into this game.

I do find the UPlay dependence a bit obnoxious, as it sometimes takes up to a minute to get past the "Checking for UPlay Updates" screen (this on the latest system w/ SSD, 32gb RAM, 100mbit internet connection, etc.) I was also disconnected partway through a major battle due to UPlay going offline. I found this part to be inexcusable - it had a connection, let it reassert itself when it can but don't kick me out of the game!
 

Fubeca150
3,260 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2013
If you're either a Heroes franchise fan or just turn a based strategy genre fan, you better avoid this one. As others have already stated, the game is extremely buggy. Even more than two years after the initial release.

You don't necessarily have to run into a showstopper bug very often, but even then, the level design throughout all the campaigns is pretty horrendous. You're often forced to just skip turns in order to build strong enough an army to defeat a final opponent, who is, btw, just passively waiting in his own castle.

The story isn't written badly, but the overall experience is worse than Heroes V and not anywhere near its predecessors.

Lastly, the game isn't very well optimized. It doesn't look bad, but for what you get, it actually demands way more than it should off of your PC. The framerate can very often drop pretty low even on today's high-end machine.

To sum up, do not buy this game unless you're a huge fan of the series who doesn't want to miss on the developments in the story.
 

Ithryl
162 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2014
Rarely do I write reviews. I feel that I should in this case so maybe someone will benefit from my experience. I simply cannot play this game properly because UPlay will not either connect or stay connected. The forced, constant internet connection in order to play the game as it's meant to be played has been nothing but a perisistent annoyance and deterence. I have been consistently either disconnected during play, finished playing and been told "cannot sync savegame with online server" or played offline and realized game features do not work in offline mode. Worst part is that I paid for it. It's so easy to pirate games and avoid dealing with this, but I try to suuport the devs and then I regret doing so. Game seemed pretty cool while I was able to play...

I'm going to ask for a refund.
 

Neongoat
238 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
457.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
Yet anouther game whit 3rd party bs you have to sign up for.
The game is okay, but if you have Heros 3, you don't need this.(Unless graphics is all you care about)
The game can turn into trench warfare.(What I mean is that you might have all the citys on a map, but you still can't take over the final city, so you have to just wait and wait and wait, because you will out produce the single city, but it takes for ever.)
The game isn't worth the money.
I give it a Y/10. (There is no standerd for the number systems used, making them pointless)
 

Soul
453 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2014
Maybe I haven't played this long enough for glitches to actually come out, but there is another thing that broke the game for me. I'm HOMAM veteran and I've spend countless hours on third one, some time with fifth and I wasn't prepared for this.

What it is? Difficulty. I wasn't able to finish first level of this game. I've completed tutorial campaign without any problems, then after playing first mission for two hours, I've realized I just can't win against AI player that suddenly appeared with army three times big that I had. I wasn't feeling like wasting two hours on every try, which is very nice if you're a game designer and you want to make your game feel incredibly longer, but it's abysmal if you're just a simple player. So I went to steam forums and found out that every mission is pretty much meant to be played one of two ways, and if you do anything else, you won't make it.

And that's why I've stopped playing. I've actually liked how game's story continued, it was nice and well put together. Graphics are decent, soundtrack too and overall, I would be gladly playing the game, if it wasn't for this crippling difficulty. Their idea was to make few levels, but as difficult as possible. This is truly for hardcore players, or I'm just an incompetent dumbass, which is possible, but after research I've done, I'm convinced that I might be too dumb to play this game, but it's definetely ridiculously hard.
 

lefiath
885 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 10, 2020
Uplay was a mistake.
 

dnorms
563 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2016
Game is riddled with bugs, poor optimization, and a lack of innovation from previous titles in the series.
 

Dudefish
109 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2021
Will not start at all. Have run though countless 'fixes' (which really should not be necessary, games should just work). Pity, because V is still working fine.
 

Gherkins
54 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2014
Ruined by Uplay requirements
 

Stepwolve
974 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2021
A decently fun game, not better than its predecessors but I'm enjoying it.
However, due to the weird DRM system that Ubisoft have you can't launch this game through steam, you HAVE to launch it through Uplay or it thinks you're running a pirated copy and you won't be able to progress your dynasty, cloud save etc.

Also if you end up with the endless black screen you have to set compatibility mode to Windows 7, enable the disable full screen optimizations option and run as administrator, worked like a charm for me.
 

TTV/Aelamda_
491 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 25, 2015
If you're new to the series and want to know why it has so many fans, go play HOMM5. It's a much better game. Or maybe try some of the older ones, they're pretty good and absolutely hold up in this day and age (the third one's even better than the fifth, if you ask some people).

HOMM6 requires you to use Uplay in addition to Steam. This leads to a whole bunch of issues (Steam not tracking your playtime, game refusing to launch for this or that reason, you get the idea). It also introduces a weird element of meta-progression (called "the Dynasty", essentially a way to get incremental advantages by playing a lot of games. It offers some things like additional equipment and passive abilities for your heroes. Luckily, all this can be turned off in the skirmish mode). IMO, the meta-progression is an absolutely pointless and token addition to the game, as it adds no real depth. Pointless unlocks didn't make HOMM the venerable franchise that it is right now, it was the profoundness and quality of its gameplay that laid the foundation of its popularity.

To add insult to injury, this one's essentially abandonware. The people behind the vanilla HOMM6 went bankrupt after the game's release, and Ubisoft passed development rights from one team to another before finally dropping all support for the game completely. As a result, HOMM6 is still kinda raw and incredibly buggy. Check the forums, there's a sticky thread with a list of major game-breaking bugs that you'll have to try and play around if you dare purchase this one. Personally, I haven't encountered any of those, but that may be just because I wasn't able to play the game for long. It simply stopped launching for me at one point, after hanging up on me for like three times in a row whenever I tried to save. Also, after uninstalling the game, I found a bunch of 1,5- to 3,5-gig files in my savegame folder. Yeah, the game basically crapped into my C drive as a final "screw you". The sad thing is that the game itself isn't terrible, really. Still, probably not worth your money. As I said earlier, go buy HOMM5 instead.
 

SHLYAPA
172 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
868.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
If you are unfamilliar with the Heroes of Might and Magic game series, its principle is basically a turn based strategy game with some RPG elements.

Having played the entire Heroes of Might and Magic series from part I to this one(i have not and will not play Heroes VII), i can say this isnt the worst Heroes of them actually. I think it still ranks above Heroes I and IV, maybe II even. Even though i dont like that they reduced the number of different resources and kind off changed the combat system back to what it was before Heroes V (that was the highest evolution of the HoMM-combat system so far imho) it is a nice, artsy game with good music. It would be all good and i could recommend it. If it werent for the main point that makes it impossible for me to recommend this game.
So, i simply cannot really recommend this game for one main reason, and that is the fact that in order to play the single player campaigns you have to stay online. Like for example i had many a battle that lasted almost or more then an hour reset so that i had to play it all over again because i was transported back to the main menu when my internet connection broke. That and the fact that i sometimes have to start the game several times in order to avoid some bugs(mainly "town freeze"), and because it is forced online singleplayer i get to wait a lot until the savegame is fully loaded every time. Dont let the many hours i played this fool you - i have to play it because i started it already and want to know how the story concludes.
I know, it might seem as if the real issue was my bad connection. No it isnt. Making a single player campaign require an online connection during play is just a player-antagonizing and thus fundamentally flawed idea. Because even if the bad consequences of this happened only once it would be once too much.

But hear me Ubi, i promise as soon as you make the singleplayer campaigns and the conflux contents available for offline play i will change this review into a recommendation. But since rather Sheogh(The demon inferno land inside the games story) will completely freeze over before you will do that, i will keep not recommending it.
 

HereticPriest
237 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
130.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2014
I really liked the game as a single player game, the new talent system was pretty cool. But the multiplayer feature is broken and It's very rare to even get it to start. So if you only care about the single player experiance I can recommend it.
 

Teralynn
5 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2019
The game works on Windows 10 version 1809 as of right now.

Has to be launched in Windowed Mode only. Then, you can put it back to Full Screen for a much better game play experience.

Must repeat the minor fix every-time the game has to be relaunched.

Only the expansion of Shades of Darkness that brings the game to version 2.1(special patch needs to be applied for version 2.1.1). The patch is needed for full compatibility on much newer Operating Systems of Windows(Win. 8/8.1/10).
 

Luc J P
27 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2017
Don't bother with this game. I love the Might and Magic series, but in order to play Heros VI you need to download Uplay (which is a mess) and then cross your fingers and hope that it works. Massive glitches like the map disappearing, battle screens turning completely black, glitched sounds are all things to look forward to.
 

Gyges
101 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
I played it for a bit some time ago and it was alright, now I wanted to play it again (since i felt like playing Heores and everyone is saying that H7 is ♥♥♥♥), but uplay crashes whenever i try to launch the game. 0/10
 

Rodrigo
409 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2021
Requires third party software to install and use. If I wanted to install Ubisoft stuff I would of bought it from them.
 

Kitsune
154 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
76.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2014
Buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and no longer being patched.
 

ScionOfChaos
237 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2021
can't even get into UPlay. "A Ubisoft service is not available at the moment"
 

Ornichus
204 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 9
this game does not lunch. my computer frieze all the time
 

andorcristi
4 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2018
A bad copy of the 5th game, with worse mechanics. less story, a horrible rush mechanic that makes it impossible to enjoy a map because if you dont rush, you dont win.

Not worth it no matter how cheap it gets, hell even if its free it's not worth the precious space it takes up on your hdd.
Bad ubisoft! Quit being bad!
 

Futago
567 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
99.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2014
While not as good as its predecesor, this is still a really fun game. The graphics are unparalleled by most of today's strategy games, and the pacing is very good. There are plenty of missions, as well as DLC to keep you occupied. Thing is, there's not enough in this game to dignify playing this over some other games. If you have some time on your hands, this game could really be fun.
Oh, and the online multiplayer sucks.
Like, really bad.
Waiting for people to finish their turns, without the screen really doing anything, is just one of the most boring experiences I have ever endured in a video game.
 

The Not-So-Silent Mage
180 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
Heroes of Might and Magic 6 is an awesome refinement of a tried and true formula. The factions are balanced, the combat is engaging and adds hero abilities into the mix which gives the player the opportunity to build their character in some interesting ways. The campaign is solid, and of course the sandbox mode is always great.

HOMM6 is beautiful and is the complete package when it comes to turn based strategy games. The series has been through a ton of revisions and I think they have finally hit something amazing. I'm talking HOMM3 amazing here...
 

Locke
1,924 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2018
Before I go into any sort of depth about HMMVI I'm just gonna come right out and say it. It's not HoMM3. It will never be HoMM3. If you are emotionally invested in this franchise, for the love of all things sacred go and play HoMM3 because this game probably isn't for you.

That being said, if you haven't played this franchise before, you may want to give this a go if you like fantasy, strategy, and cheesy storylines. Compared to previous titles, this is disparagingly linear and some of the open world feel of it is lost. The cut scenes are annoying if you aren't bothered with listening to the dialogue, and you have to download uPlay which I think we can all agree is the worst part of playing any newer Ubisoft title. Also, no map editor, which really sucks. I spent half my childhood using that thing!

In isolation, it's not bad, however it's definitely not the best in the franchise. Not worth paying full price but if you pick it up for cheapsies in the sale, it'll entertain you.

TL;DR It's not bad, but after I leave this review I'm going to fire up HoMM3 instead. Also uPlay sucks.
 

Alphafoxsierra
99 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2018
I love the Hero series, and enjoyed this game when it works. But it has issues staying connected. My bro and I were playing and suddenly were constantly getting disconnected. Save files said saved but didn't actually show up and autosaves wouldn't load. Tried doing some custom solo games and still got disconnected. How do you get disconnected from a single player game? Why does it boot me out? I can't even go a full turn now without it disconnecting me. Still have internet connection so not sure what's going on.
 

TheLegendaryMattMiller
86 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2021
Tried everything on the forums but never been able to connect Conflux and therefore never been able to play the DLC I paid for. Promised myself never to buy any Ubisoft game ever. Ubisoft doesnt even bother replying tickets.
 

akdagr
164 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2020
Forces you to install and play off Uplay in online-only mode, which is obnoxious.

Ran on my old PC, but crashes immediately upon startup on my new PC.

Black screen simulator - do not buy.
 

Drakky
273 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2019
do not even work or run on widows 10 black screen everytime i click to play
 

jtkingtutt
16 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2020
I had entirely forgotten about the absolute curse that is Uplay until I tried to install this again. Now I, rightly, feel like an absolute smoothbrain for ever having purchased it. Bonus round: I lost the ability to even play my copy of Might and Magic X as a result of Uplay jiggery-pokery involving my account/product key; as it's "already registered", I can no longer run the game on anything that wasn't the machine I initially registered it to. On the bright side, Might and Magic X was not very good. You have to roll with the punches and smile from time to time. If you absolutely have to play this out of a fierce dedication to the series, see if GOG offers a version that isn't actually a portal to the arsehole of Hell. Otherwise, just play Might and Magic 3 (the original with patches) for the hundredth time. It's what I'm going to do. (Edit Note: This game is so cursed, it breaks the formatting of my review every time I submit and turns it into this wall of text. Need I say more to prove the presence of devil magic at work?)
 

Autism Bux
238 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2015
Only bought it because it was on discount, complete edition for 7,45 euros, in my opinion real price is 5 euros, reason is too much effort to start the game, double DRM, requires steam + Uplay buggy launcher(you have to delete default version of Uplay wich you get from steam and download latest from ubisoft website!! Its easier to play this game if you pirate it than on steam! Double sync with cloud on both uplay and steam (WTF) autosync on Uplay always fails!! And thats just starting the game! Game is dumbed down with only 3 resources and mine controls are noob friendly if you control castle you control all mines, i dont mind this because im lazy i find this as a good thing, what is bad is the lazy programing concerning game AI! I mean lazy developers wanted to gimp players who just play passive and stockpile army so they can go on later and steamroll the scenario/campaing, i dont really mind gimping this but the way they did it is completley wrong! Ai ignores economy it just spawns armies out of the blue and gets fresh troops through some sort of Harry Potter sorcery, so if you want to win only way is rush and realoding battles since you cant afford to loose a single creature, so all of you who like to explore the map you gonna have a bad time....
I only marked review positive because of the price i feel seriosly sorry for folks who paid full price on this!
 

Jerson
24 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
719.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2016
I can't play it anymore. For the last couple of months I always get the following error: The procedure entry point wcsnpy_s could not be located in the dynamic library msvcrt.dll".
Please help. Martin.
 

mfrenette1971
1 product in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2020
Can't play it. When i launch the game it doesn't even start, just crashes and doesn't respond. I was able to launch it after searched google and it appears that's a common issue. Why they didn't fix such a common issue that doesn't even allow to launch the game???
 

mrFrigman
57 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
112.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2016
It's awesome, I loved the whole story and the evolution of characters. What I didn't like was that 1 mission is LONG AS ♥♥♥♥, unlike other Heroes games, but super fun all the same. But that's not the only thing I didn't like. I loved the voice they gave Anton at the entry cinematic, but they changed it and in the game is a more annoying voice for Anton. Only thing I didn't like. Rest of it, no words. Absolute beauty. PLAY IT.
 

Warfield
920 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
169.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
Great game, the AI is really challenging and the hot seat feature is, as always, amazing.
I didn't not finish the campaign, the story isn't really immersive...
Unfortunatly... you need to be on U-Play to acces the game or else, you can't save your progress.
This is the only bad feature of the game. U-Play is really killing Ubisoft games.
But if you don't play when any major game launch or any major problem with U-Play server happens, you will be fine.

So I recommend this game, even if U (don't) Play is needed to play with all of this game feature.
 

DoubleFaceMr
174 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
ubisoft doesnt work at all, dont buy it too many crashes and i could just open the game one time, now it wont open because of the crashes, i uninstalled and installed all over again 5 times, review the support pages and nothing works
 

Puma
59 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
146.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
Amazing!
 

Luffy
195 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2014
Good game, lotsa stuff to do, some things involved too.
 

Argith
115 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2014
Game requires Uplay and Uplay does not like the Steam CD Keys. Also the game is no longer supported by Ubisoft so support tickets for help does NOTHING! !!DO NOT BUY!!
 

Colenor
151 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2013
IMO this is the best fantasy turn based RTS out now...Epic
 

Snake Pliskin
134 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
126.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2015
Are you kidding me? The story is brilliant, some battles are epic, and this game is generally awesome. This is one of the VERY FEW games that have GOOD WRITING. Does that mean nothing to you? Do not follow the mindless reminiscing about the past. Anyways now that there is a HD remake hopefully that argument won't come up again. I wonder what's in HOMM7...
 

bitmaid
30 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
217.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2014
In my opinion it is a good game, especially with the Shades of Darkness addon. Played the whole Heroes series and even though is not the best title in it, it certantly worth it.

Pros:
- Fun to play
- Good story
- Pretty well balanced considering the multitude of creature skills and racial abilities

Cons:
- The game has a few places where it crashes that can be verry annoying, but you can get over them. For example it was crashing during a fight with a specific enemy hero, when he was casting mass heal. To get over it I lowered graphics to the lowest, won the fight then maxed it back up
- Uplay log... kind of sucks but... well... I got over it when I noticed I'm able to get dinasty weapons/pets with achievement points
- They renounced at beautifull 3d castles from H5, and multitude of resources from the whole series (replaced mercury, sulfur, gems, crystals with one resource called blood crystals)
 

HerrPulaRau
212 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
104.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2014
Great Game few things I didn't like:
- New necromancy system (f**king heal? really? Heroes V had good necromancy)
- Conflux always online to use dynasty weapons ( f**k always online instead of buying game for ourselves we rent it till serves go down / Thank god u can play offline )
- Lack of good cut scenes / very few mostly text pop-ups (i know its because Ubi$oft failed to deliver story in time to Black Hole)
- Lack of good City screens (added in patch poorly done but better than nothing / Heroes V had epic city screens )

But overall its good game 8/10 100h+ time spent and I'm in 3rd Campaign 2nd mission Good price/time ratio

Heroes VI Complete edition bought on sale
 

DevDesigner
222 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
The Good:
- Interesting unit abilities.
- Good art styles for each faction.
- Plays like every other HoMM game.
- AI is pretty good.

The Bad:
- Requires UPlay to run. So you'll need to create a UPlay account and be dependant upon the UPlay service being active and operational.
- Each faction's campaign is not "in story order", so you'll need to jump between different faction missons. These aren't clearly laid out, so you'll need to search online for the "correct order". This really frustrated me as the campaigns have their own story line but cross over at points and there's no indication on which campaign/mission to play next to continue to story line.
- I experienced some bugs, but nothing game breaking.

Summary:
If you're a hardcore fan of the franchise, then get this. Otherwise, you can skip this one.
 

Prince of NepNep
222 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
270.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2014
pros:
*This is still the best turn based strategy game ever created !
*The heroes hardcore fans won't be Disappointed.
*New dynasty future is nice with achievements and items to unlock that makes you fill like you progressing from game to game.
cons:
*MUST be online to enjoy most of the new features.
*The campaign story is not that interesting.

To sum it up if you played the previous games and liked them , this one is a great upgrade to the series!!
 

Uri Fefer
154 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2014
Rekomenduoju žmonėms, kuriems patinka strategija. Žaidžiant "Hard" rėžimu, laimėti yra tikrai labai sudėtinga, tai užtikrina, kad per vieną dieną viso žaidimo nepereisite.
Grafikos atžvilgiu žaidimas šiek tiek nuvylė, o ypač per "intro" vaizduojami žaidimo modeliai.
Žaidimo istorija, taip pat nieko ypatingo, neįtraukia.
Įvertinimas: 6/10
 

Average Guy
64 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2015
I would honestly love to give this game what its ancestors deserved. But it just doesn't cut it. It is not what i learned to love in Heroes of Might and Magic III and it doesn't fill the void that Heroes of Might and Magic IV created.

The campaign seems to be loosely sewed together, it is not the tragic destinies that made me want to go on. At all.

The menus are damn confusing because things like an "ingame currency" has been introduced with which one can buy more heroes etc. Hell, i already bought the game. If i go for a "Free-for-All" game, i want to be able to pick everything available. I want to get to KNOW the race i'm playing with.

Apart from that, Uplay sucks. Hard. It is honestly one of the biggest reasons i never touched this game again. Simply because i don't wanna go through the struggle to start this Hump-in-the-Face of Software. It is annoying to have a second DRM behind Steam just because the publisher forces it upon their customers.

TL;DR: Graphics and Level of Detail nice, Campaign and Long-time motivation sucks, so does Uplay.
 

Plutonyooom
210 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2021
Can't even play the game, but good thing the Ubisoft Launcher works and forces you to use it
 

Wasn't Expecting that!
399 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2020
Won't even start properly, is buggy and slow when it does.
 

Penis PhD
194 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2018
Single player is fine but don't expect to ever play multi player. They had a sort of "simultaneous turns" feature in 5 that made multi player bearable but they took it out for 6. So honestly 5 is better, period.
 

Dashotosho
154 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2015
I have no idea if this game is Awesome or if it sucks.... The stupid Uplay sign in keeps crashing and won't let me get past the sign in screen...
 

WhoFlungDung?
47 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2015
This game is awesome, I've been playing these games since Heroes 2. I have never had a problem with Ubisoft or Uplay ever, at all, and the game always works when I want to play. You can easily play offline, you just wont be able to keep track of your progress, or earn any experience to unlock stuff for your character.
 

BlackMajik57
129 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2020
It just isn't fun. The difficulty of the game is crazily out of whack through the entire campaign which just means the only balanced feeling you'll get is in skirmishes. If all you want is skirmish style gameplay, there are other games which offer that far far better than this one. Steer clear.
 

The Angry Hamster
697 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
162.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2016
I grew up on Heroes 2 and 3 so I had to give 6 a shot when it was on sale for next to nothing. Gameplay is pretty much the same.. a few graphic updates here and there but it's the same core game (which is good).

The problem is Uplay will randomly decide to disconnect which causes the program to force quit you out of whatever you're currently doing and restart the client in offline mode - losing all progress since the last save. What a pain in the ass. Whoever designed that is a total moron.
 

hausdon17
309 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2020
Purchased this game for $24 and still can not play the campaign. Uplay support gives you 100 things to do including uninstalling every game and Uplay and editing your registry and still does not work.

Been working with them for a month now with no resolve.
 

Silent Hightimes
1,005 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2018
UPDATE: You can play your own game now, dynasties still don't work but at least you can do sth else than just play the campaign. I'm changing from "do not recommend" to "recommend", but probably only if it's on sale because 40% of the game is still unvailable.

UPDATE 2: changing to "do not recomment", it's just broken, not worth it
_____________________________________
Okay, so basically this is really good game - especially for someone with my preferences, however the amount of problems I had to deal with before even playing was irritating. Black-screen issue is known thing for almost everybody who wanted to play this on Windows 10 in 2018 plus the conflux server is simply not working no matter what I do no matter what I fix no matter how many times I submit a ticket to Ubisoft Might & Magic: Heroes VI support.
To sum up, this is good game but you have to fix the game to even make it start and you most probably won't get access to like 75% of the game because conflux connection doesn't work and won't let you play your own game or built dynasty. So you can only play the campaign. For this money it's okay I guess? If you manage to fix the black screen thing it's worth those 3,99€ I bought it for because the campaign and stuff is good but overall it's kinda... meeeh?
Fixing conflux or cutting off this thing (with connection being needed for singleplayer stuff) completely would solve the problem in my opinion (and trust me I'm not the only one) but I guess Ubisoft doesn't care what players think?
Sorry but it's not worth the effort when you cannot even play most of the content. The game is good (actually really good) but it's not worth the stress and spending the money just to get disappointed.
 

sharkimi
31 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
207.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2014
TL;DR - The best Heroes installment since the third one. Amazing graphics, suprisingly good story and a great price to gameplay value, but it comes with the horrible Ubisoft DRM system (UPLAY) that forces you to be always online. Campaign offers about 120h of gametime with core game and additional 60-70h with all available DLC (Pirates, Dance Macabre, Shades of Darkness).

PRO's
+ Overall gameplay improvement - Although I played Heroes V for some time and recall some improvements implemented before, the overall gameplay overhaul in Heroes VI is, for me, its greatest advantage. All the flaws of the Heroes III (which I am very fond of) are fixed and remade into intersting mechanics. I could name many examples, but I will focus on the two selected, the first being the Town Portal mechanics. In H3 all you ever wanted from your Hero was to have Earth Magic on Advanced level and a single Town with Town Portal spell to learn. If you could get it, you practically won the game, as you could jump around the world to collect your units and utilize a devastating mobility advantage. In H6 all units from given faction can be purchased in a single Town, provided it has all the necessary dwellings so there is no need to jump from town to town to accumulate the army. As for the mobility advantage, Town Portal is no longer a spell you have to learn - its a building you can create in any of your castles. Level 1 Town Portal allows a visiting hero to teleport to any other town or fort of his choosing and Level 2 Town Portal allows any here to teleport back to the city (nearest with L2 Town Portal) from any place on the map. As you can use only one of those spells on a single turn, Town Portal becomes a commodity and a feature of its own. The second noteworthy feature is the complete revamp of unit tiers. In the past units were categorized by 7 tiers, first one being the cheap weaklings and the last one being an all-powerful destroyer. Now you got pretty similar units but reworked into 3 tiers: Core (three first units), Elite (the next three) and Champion (the old Tier 7). All Core units are comparable in their usefulness and so are the Elites, but they got their traits that would work best for certain heroes (as the rule of a thumb, there is a Might unit, a Magic unit and a shooter in both Core and Elite tier). This makes creating your army more flexible and greatly increase the basic unit performance in comparison with Champions. Unit reclassification was the real gamechanger and a very welcome one.
+ Astonishing graphics - The environment is pretty amazing, especially in the campaign maps. The world is filled with random magical objects or unique decorations that really help to maintain the magical character of the world of Ashan. It is also very well optimizes for older graphic cards. Unit design is top notch and campaign posters (images seen when loading a campaign map) are simply fantastics.
+ Interesting storyline - The world of Heroes has always been ridiculous and over-the-top with its magical theme, but I think this is the first time the main story actually embraced it and used it so effectively. The dialogues form a suprisingly coherent narrative for the main plot, which might not be written that greatly, but sure as hell is well voice-acted. I was very positively suprised how well contrived the world of Ashan is in the dialogues, so the story has its value whatsoever.
+ Lots of playtime - The game, even without DLC, provides you with a very decent amount of content to go through. Core game has 22 campaign missions, clocking at about 5h each, so you can easily go over 100h just enjoying the single player mode. DLC add another 14 missions (2 in Pirates, 2 in Dance Macabre and 8 in Shades of Darkness, so the two adventure packs ain't worth the price), with similar amount of gameplay within. And of course the multiplayer, especially the couch one, can provide you with another Infinity hours of gameplay. If you buy the Gold or Complete edition on sale, the price to value ratio is pretty damn good.
+ Very heroes-y music - Lots of the tunes are remakes of the H3 score and everything else really complements the graphic design. Soundtrack is what you would expect from a Heroes game, but thats a good thing!


CON's
- UPLAY - Ubisoft bloody DRM will turn the game off when the Internet is down (less often) or UPLAY servers are unresponsive (very often). It also forces itself into the game in the form of CONFLUX orbs - something similar to chatrooms, placed near boss battle locations. Their Mission/Reward system is stupid and the whole software is simply annoying as all hell. Still, its not Origin, so I guess it could have been worse.
- No hexgrid (again) - Why did the developers of Heroes decided to go from classy hexgrid battle to obviously inferior square tiles? I know it was the same with H5, but why? Hexgrid is million times better!
- Some balancing issues - Although units on their own are very well balanced when comparing factions, the Hero bonuses are not. Faction powers of Haven and Necropolis are far better then those of Sanctuary or Stronghold. Blood/Tear bonuses also vary from totally worthless to grossly overpowered.
- Gets kinda repetitive - After few missions and some skill experimenting, the game gets pretty easy and repetitive. Reinforcement skill almost break the game, as it allows you to go through most minor battles without a single lost unit. You don't have to change your tactic that much to win with different enemies.


Overall, I recommend this game very stronly. Unless you hate UPLAY more then I did or you want to play this game competitively againts your friends, you gonna love H6 if there is any affection for turn-based strategies in your heart. Is it better then H5? HELL YES! Is it better then H3? Arguably yes, but even those that treasure H3 as the best game ever will say that H6 holds the solid second place on the HoM&M podium.
 

Tantalus
606 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2018
Game crashes during launch. Can't even ALT+F4 out of it. :(
 

Joshy Boy
765 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2017
This game is awsome, i grew up with heroes of might and magic warlords of the wasteland, the same game with modern graphics is a A+++ for me, plus the story is alright imo.
 

Frog713
47 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
279.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2014
I'm writting this after playing foor 10hrs straight. I played all of the Heroes games ever made (including the expansions) and I can safely state that this is now absolutely my new favourite one.

Some people complain that the game is buggy, but I've yet to encounter anything like that. The game runs great.
On the same note, the landscapes are breathtaking and the Art direction for the creatures and characters is truely original (as far as Heroes games go). Heroes skill sytem is complex and rewarding and the storyline is interesting enough to not be dismissed as "generic".

I don't know what else to say, if you're a diehard Heroes fan like myself, don't listen to anyone else, give it a chance. I'm really happy I did!
 

wanderer
347 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
375.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2017
This is a good game, saddled with intrusive DRM. That said, in my over 300 hours of play time, the Uplay servers were only down on 2 occasions.

The biggest complaint I have was the bug that sometimes caused the battle screen to not load properly (black screen with sounds only). This required a restart of the game. I'd guess this happened once every 5 hours of play time.

Other than the above, I wholeheartedly recommend this game. Each faction has a nice array of units. Skills are not randomized but chosen as you level. I played every campaign and experimented with both the tears and blood paths. The voice work was good in the main game...unfortunately the voice actors in the expansions were different and slightly worse (except Sandro).

8/10
 

Boshaft
103 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2015
Can even get the game to start because of uplay crashing everytime i open it.
 

Oathbound Odinn
123 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
175.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2017
Gameplay is good
The campain story is acceptable.
Graphics are fine.

But the kicker is the Uplay system, if you disconnect you are SOL and JWF (♥♥♥♥ Out of Luck and Jolly Well ♥♥♥♥♥♥)
wich is a shame since Uplay serers are hot garbage will disconnect you, one of the reasons i rarely indulge in Uplay titles.
 

Glaedr
272 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2014
This is a fun, turn based Strategy RPG focusing on controlling an Empire and the Heroes that you recruit.

(CATEGORY) "Poor/Sub-Par/Average/Great/Superb" 1-5/5 - Description

(OVERALL)- My personal rating for this game is 85%. My average rating for this is 71% (3.5/5)

(GAMEPLAY) "Superb" 5/5 - Battles are turn based tactics using a grid system, similar to games like Final Fantasy Tactics, Poxnora, Disgaea, Ogre Tactics, etc. Each turn you aquire resources depending on what mines/ect you've captured, and can spend those resources to upgrade your town(s). Your Heroes gain levels, and new abilities which are both passive, affecting the Army of Monsters you recruit at your town, or directly doing damage or providing some various effects (slowing down enemies, speeding yours up, summoning monsters to fight for you, etc). You end up fighting Neutral monsters that are stationary on the map, usually blocking your path as your armies are too weak (at first). Armies are formed from Monsters/Units that you pay to recruit (with gold) at your town/village. Each unit bought will represent a "Stack" of units. You have around 10 slots to have different types of creatures in your army, and you can have as many "Stacks" as you can afford / create to build up your forces. There are a huge variety of ways to play this game, all of which are really fun. Many elements of this game are comparable to a 4X game.

(STORY) "Sub-Par" 2/5 -There is a storymode to this game, and infact it is one of the best ways to get strong gear for your Hero. Gear aquired during those missions (and some other ways) allow you to make your Hero stronger, earlier, in any form of gameplay. The story isn't insanely good, but I found it to be very well done as far as being creative. Depending on what DLC you buy changes how much story you can access. This is one of the greater faults for the game. The story itself is something I like, however limiting it by DLC is not something that I favor. (Note, without some of the DLC (IE you bought Shades of Darkness, not the original) you will get a lot less content, which is why this is a 2/5)

(GRAPHICS) "Average" 3/5 - The graphics are quite good, but not amazing. There is enough going on in the world that it can draw you in, as a fantasy world. There are all sorts of odd buildings, and interactable objects. Exploration is one fun factor in the game (as there is Fog of War) and the graphics help tie in the feeling of exploration. Seeing the units in 3D during battle is always nice, and fun to watch (though if you have a slow-walking unit, try speeding up how fast your units move)

(SOUND) "Great" 4/5 - At first I was going to rate this a 3/5, but I realized that several of the songs in this game had gotten stuck in my head. Remembering that, it was a lot easier to rate this a 4/5. The Gameplay was addictive, and so is the music. Although it isn't anything over-the-top, or mind-blowing, it is still a fitting sound track.

(ONLINE) "Sub-Par" 2/5 - The games worst issue, by far. MMH VI has to be connected to the internet at all times to play the game. DRM-Stuff. This is a huge deterrant for most people, and thus have rated this section quite low. However on the flip side it has a great single player mode (which you still need to be connected to the internet to play) which you can setup your own matches against the NPC's and either destroy them, or be destroyed! It is a lot of fun learning tactics for certain maps, and for certain factions.

(RE-PLAYABILITY) "Superb" 5/5 - This game is truly addictive. While I only have 40 hours in the game right now, it is because I haven't been able to re-install it and to get it working (with an issue others have had, a black screen) I haven't tried re-downloading and installing since I tried last. The game has a great sense of addictiveness to it. You earn new equipment to use on your Hero. Your hero gains new levels, and you can re-do it every match. You can play all sorts of different tactics, take your time or not, and generally, do what you want.

(COST) "Average" 4/5 - This game costs either 30$ USD or 20$ USD (Depending on if you get the base game or Shades of Darkness) My review is based on Shades of Darkness. At 20$ USD, this is a steal of a game, as long as you don't mind staying connected to the internet.

(OVERALL)- My personal rating for this game would likely be a 4/5. My average rating for this was a 3.5/5 or a 70%.
 

Saturn
121 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
134.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2016
So, I finally got around to giving this game another go seeing how reviews for HOMM7 were tanking, and the reviews for this game had actually improved over time. HOMM games in general are, after all, great, and I was pleasantly surprised to see that UPlay finally allowed me to start an Ubisoft game. Its taken many years - when was this game released? - since I have had a trouble free start to an Ubisoft game - for these same reasons, I rarely buy from this developer.

Anyhow, it was a fun few hours, but I saved up and went to bed. Tonight; no saves. Hard to say why. I've tried creating new games, make saves, quit, reload - all gone. I believe the fix to this is changing UPlay so that it is in offline mode, however, if I right click UPlay in the system tray and go to settings, it tells me "UPlay has detected an unrecoverable error and must shut down!". Every.single.time. Seriously? We can finally play our games after.... 5 years?! It only took you 5 years to make your DRM launcher work and now it eats all of your save progress instead? FFS Ubisoft, get your affairs in order!

Also, the Conflux - an in game message board where people can write things on various posts at different locations on maps, is up there with worst ideas in the history of gaming. I don't understand if Ubi intended for it to be used for people to post how to 'beat' maps, or just to swear at each other or about the dev - if so, mission accomplished - but it adds nothing useful to the game other than forcing an otherwise unnecessary always online function, which is really the core problem with the whole game - unless you are playing multiplayer, there is no reason to necessitate going through all of the rubbish with the UPlay DRM which breaks even the single player experience - I can't imagine it would actually be successful in connecting a multiplayer match for the duration of a game.
 

Revelation Now
377 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
82.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2014
My first heroes game. The EA sign-in and breaking bugs were dissapointing. I feel like I've wasted my time and money .... which is what computer gaming equates to in the real world ... but I mean it in the gamer sense of should have bought and played something else.
 

Wendersnaven
235 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
Why would you butcher classic and prestigious game series like this?
 

Yawning soldier
167 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2021
does not work on windows 10
 

Vladolf Putler
65 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
147.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2021
does not launch anymore, no help provided with fixing it
 
A developer has responded to this review

Tito
8 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2016
Played the game for all of 90 seconds before it quit because it couldn't connect to Ubisoft's servers. If online authentication is required to play a game then it needs to be solid or it's worthless. Uninstalled. Regretful to have wasted the money.
 

mcy001
95 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2016
Played the Custom game a bit, enjoyed it well enough. Tried the campaign and then quit immediately after I realized that most of the missions are ones where you simply will not get a town; whatever units you were given at the start are the ones you need to finish the mission with and the only viable way to win is to just resurrect and heal everything you have with no casualties.
 

Viscidus
479 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
184.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2015
Many people say this game is the worst of the Series BUT that is just because its diffrent. This game is great with friends and awesome heroes options , and creating your own one. The Factions are missing Elves and dwarves but are adding the Sanctuary faction. This game was terrible at launch but went through alot of changes and is now AWESOME !!!! If anyone wants to play just tell me !! :)
 

Burning Avenger
474 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2017
Oh, I loved this game. Frankly, it's one of the best HoMMs ever made. Too bad single-player features are tied to UPlay. I got the game on Steam, why in the gods' names should I have to use a second, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRM to play the game with all the single player features I paid for? If it were just non-local multiplayer features (which I don't care about), then fine. But no, actual single-player gameplay features are locked out if you aren't online in UPlay.

♥♥♥♥ UPlay. I'm not buying Ubisoft until they patch this game to not have UPlay.
 

obsidian.lily
329 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2020
Trash. Turns my screen black and locks it so I cannot see anything else (or use task manager to close it). Requires a full computer restart to just get my computer responsive. There are games 20 years old that work on modern systems, crazy to think how incompetent the devs must have been to pull this off...
 

< blank >
223 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
128.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2017
This would be a great game if it weren't broken by an apparently unfixable glitch. The screen goes black and is pretty much unplayable. From what I've been able to gather from various message boards, the DLC is what is causing the problem. Ubisoft dropped the ball on this one.
 

auternine
9 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2015
Great game! Most bugs have been resolved with the recent expansions, alot of campaigns to play!

Played HoMM 3, 4, 5 and now 6

+ Graphics, great graphics, though the town screens have been reduced to paintings, no 3D like the 5th game.
+ Story, good story, what else to say, keeps one immersed in the world of Ashan.
+ Gameplay, a map can take 1 - 3 hours to complete

- Uplay..... why?... just why?
- Neutral creatures grow immensly with each passing month, requires quick zerging trough the maps, or else you will be outnumbered by the enemies.
 

ᴛᴀʟᴜ 🐦
267 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2019
I'm not able to start this game. It's stuck with black screen. Of course, I'm glad to pay for nothing.
 

Here I Am!
101 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
37.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2020
worked fine last time i played it. they updates it and added a launcher and now i cant even get the game to start. uninstalled and will never buy a ubisoft game again
 

facilitation
99 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2020
can not even open
 

wtschina
17 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2020
It's not the best one in the franchise however it's still a lto of fun and it's not a terrible game either i had a lot of fun and i think i will be playing it a lot more.
 

Vereda
66 products in account
4
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
104.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2016
Uplay will eventually lock you out of your own game for God knows what reason. Good luck contacting customer support.
 

Axolotl
181 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2015
Nice graphics and I havent had any ingame issues. I miss some of the units from older versions, but overall it is a good addition.
 

GEM
372 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2015
I feel I have been TOTALLY cheated & conned. I purchased this game through Steam...& then am forced unwillingly to create a Uplay acount, which sucks bigtime. Even after creating account it doesn't work and game cannot be played at all. The demo I dowloaded hooked Me, so congrats Steam on successfully conning Me out of My hard earned cash. Do yourself a BIG favour and avoid this like the black death.
 

katana4zuzu
621 products in account
2
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2018
Heroes of Might and Magic 2 to 6 Review

Video Review Here [Over an hour long!]

I'll just get the TL;DR out of the way here since I'm covering so many games. My ultimate recommendations are to purchase either HOMM3 or 5, both offering a plethora of content, both have map generators, both are the best examples of the series offerings.
HOMM2
is not bad by any means, but, it's older game design might turn away newcomers, I still love it personally.
HOMM4
is not a bad game but, it has some awful changes to its formula that bring it down, it has good ideas but, poor execution.
HOMM6
is the same as HOMM4 but, worse in some areas, with a huge focus on a multiplayer, the gameplay and game design seem to have suffered
[Not to mention having to use UPLAY 'services' AND if you lose connection to the Conflux in-game, any content you have purchased is kept from you AND you can no longer customize heroes or do anything else the game offers outside of play the main campaign and the handful of skirmish maps on offer, awful anti-consumer stuff here.]
not to mention it's the most expensive out of any of the games I've reviewed. It had potential that was sadly squandered.

HOMM3 by itself is $9.99 USD on GOG.com and $14.99 USD on Steam, the only real difference with the Steam version allowing multiplayer to be setup through Steam. An HD mod is easily downloadable for the GOG version.

HOMM5 is bundled on GOG.com for $19.99 USD with all of its expansions. Homm5 on Steam does not come bundled as such, the base game and two expansions comes to $9.99 USD per game, so the GOG.com version is cheaper and preferred.

HOMM6 by itself is $19.99USD, the only expansion that adds any content worth getting would be Shades of Darkness for $14.99 USD, there are too many issues with the game to be worth the price of admission, get it on sale if you have to have it, otherwise avoid it.

Be sure to check out the video review as I elaborate much more on each given game. Thanks for reading/watching, give me a thumbs up if this review was helpful! -Royial
 

Royial
715 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2015
The Might & Magic franchise has been known as one of the greatest producers in these kind of turn based strategy games, and I believe that Might & Magic: Heroes VI, has yet another great addition to its forefathers. I really like strategy games, especially strategy games that take a long time to actually complete. With many customization options, you can really craft the game you are really wanting. Anyway, on to pros and cons...

Pros-

Graphics, simply put, amazing. The graphics for the characters and enviroments are completely what I was expecting from this game at this time. The characters themselves look really good, although they have limited animations, so the characters tend to get a little boring, but that isn't really a big problem.

Controls, the controls are very efficient and very user friendly. You can complete your turn with only a few clicks if you use the menues correctly.

Interface, the interface for the overworld if very nice, you get all of the important information right in front of you with the ability to make changes on the spot.

Combat, personally my favorite part! The combat is similar to the games previous to this one, but in this one the combat is more user friendly, but also doesn't reduce the amount of strategicness (strategicness isn't a word, but you get it). Combat is played like a turn based RPG, just picture a literal boardgame and that is exactly what it feels like. Your hero doesn't actually take part in the combat on the board, but does attacks and skills from the sideline. This is not a common thing in games like this, but this game has done a great job at doing it this way.

Local Multiplayer/Hotseat, I am giving this its own section, because it is just plain amazing! Although having a large group of people playing on one computer may seem at first inefficient and slow, playing with friends is great fun. Being a Dungeon Master (Game Master of Dungeons&Dragons) has taught me that bringing people together to interact with something is a great way to have fun with your friends. Anyway, moving on now...

Cons-

Repetitive, the game can seem repetitive after playing it a while. The combat is basically the same thing every time, so I can see where people can get tired of this game quickly (personally, I am fine with the repetitive nature of it).

Campaign, although the campaign was overall nice and what was to be expected from Might & Magic, it just didn't get me into the story. The story itself didn't really seem relavent to the game itself, the game could have been completely fine without even having the campaign. The voice acting just didn't seem realistic/believable enough was another issue with the campaign.

Other than those minor flaws, this is overall an amazing game that I definitely recommend.

Conclusion-
I definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants a gameplay experience similar to any number of classic tabletop roleplaying games. It is a fun game and it is especially fun if you have others to play it with. Strategy games are perhaps my favorite kind of games, and this one is high on my list of recommended ones for sure.

May your adventures be many and always end in reward!
-Donoknight, Founder of Tabletop RPG Gamers League
 

Donoknight
343 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2016
As a Heroes of Might and magic long time fan it is with great disapointment that I must say I cannot recommend this game.

Heroes VI had everything to be a solid game, but it's intrinsic connection to UPLAY DRM and the plethora of gameplay bugs makes this one of the weakest entries of the series.

The gameplay is still solid thanks to the stellar formula of the game, however, the game in itself has many bugs that have not been solved in 2016, and the UPLAY Conflux mechanic simply disconnects you without even saving your game whenever your connection fluctuates with their servers. This leads to much frustration.

The music of the game is overrall uninspired, even after the expansion (that made remixes of classic tracks). The voice acting is downright terrible. The graphics and concepts are good and the late inclusion of town screens was a great addition to the game.

This game is flawed in the little things, but its flaws are not at all small - they are very noticeable and contributes to a negative experience.

If you are a Heroes fan and can get this game on a sale, by all means do it. However, buyers should be wary of acquiring this game at full price. Overral, I would give it a 6/10.
 

DustDevil
422 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2020
Don't bother buying this. The best Heroes of Might and Magic games is HOMM3. Buy it on GOG and install the Horn of the Abyss mod. This game was a total waste of money
 

Baptest
113 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2017
terrible DRM, unplayable now
 

jossl2007
158 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2015
Huge fan of the series with part 3 and 4 being my absolute favourites.
HoMM 6 implements radical changes (zone control, less resources, teleporting everywhere, town conversion, skill system...) which completely break the game in my opinion.
You can now freely pick skills instead of being offered 2-3 choices upon level-up. That leads to the ever same character progression, boring...
Add to that the uniform factions which now all play the same and you end up with the worst HoMM game ever.
There used to be completely unique factions. Now every faction has healers, archers, grunts etc., the units within a faction a coloured the same. It's just awful all the way.
3/10
 

El Guapo
212 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2014
If you've played Heroes III, IV, or V, know that this game is better. Yes, even better than Heroes III. Balace is well done, each faction has abilities that make them distinct and fun to play, and the combat strategy becomes more customizable thanks to the skill trees that you can fill as your heroes level up. Campaigns are extensive - each takes about 20 hours to complete (I've only made it through two), and there are about five in the base game.

The only probem with this game lies with Ubisoft's "Conflux," an always-on social application that you must be connected to in order to play. It isn't intrusive, but it does mean that you need an internet connection to play, and if your internet cuts out, the game boots you out - even if you're in the middle of a 15 minute castle seige - and you have to reload the last save when you reconnect. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥, but it's ony a problem if you have unreliable internet.
 

Hiccup251 (it Kenny)
393 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
44.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2019
Unplayable. Not worth a cent. Ubisoft terrible support. Game is dead and given up on.
 

Spencer
227 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2018
Game was broken at purchase. No help from Steam or Ubisoft support. No options for returning broken game.
 

DJ MrWright
155 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2019
dont buy it will not work on windows 10
 

TheKarlis
146 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2020
The games broken because of the uplay overlay. It won't load and will crash out your PC. Don't buy it.
 

Ghoststrike
195 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2015
Abomination.
 

Lycaerix
1,271 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2016
Played (actually can't played) when it's first released due to game breaking bugs, crashes and various reasons. But well... Such as the destiny of Ubisoft's games, nearlly all of their games unplayable at the begining.

After mastering uplay! And god known how many years later, i decied to give a shot again. It's beautiful, smooth, nearly bug-free (encountered only one bug, not game breaking etc.) and loved it.

So if you want to some good storyline while playing casually just give a shot. It's my new favorite within might and magic.
 

Honyakusha
390 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2018
Update casued the game to just be a black screen for many video cards, and they didn't address it, leaving it in a broken state permanently. Uplay = trash. Avoid at all costs.
 

Pizzaspy
176 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2017
This game, after 6 years from the initial release, is still bugged to ♥♥♥♥. Stay away
 

Lorne
83 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2014
The game shut down on me while doing a single player campaign because the Uplay servers were down after less than two hours of play. I won't buy any PC game published by Ubi any time soon.
 

Gheeyom
139 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
377.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 18
Awful game done by a awful company. I hope Ubisoft go bankrupt real soon over this dumb title.
 

Praetorian_Guard
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
111.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2019
They stole my CD key and install to hacker account. WTF ubisoft
 

Natalie Ngoc
13 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
Horrible DRM. Won't work 'out of the box' so to speak with a Steam install, I had to download a patch to fix the game launcher from a community forum post. Ubisoft said there was no problem.
 

Sir Digby Chicken Caesar
141 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2017
Five times now I installed this in hopes things had gotten fixed... Friggin login to server to play... not friggin working. worst buy ever!
 

aquilae_athis
343 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
58.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2020
I hate this game. Loved almost all in the franchise, but this one is absolutely horrible.
 

Lord Oribron
205 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2016
OK, I'm fed up with this game, seriously! I played HoMM 3-4 and loved them both because those were playable and enjoyable games. HoMM 6 isn't!

1., I've never understand why in the love of God the developers restrict you from playing? I mean why the hell I'm forced to play through the two boring tutorials to be able to play the real campaigns?! I don't care about the griffin-♥♥♥♥ knights I bought a game which consist more than 6 or 8 campaigns, why force me to playthrough you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorial campaign and restrict me from the real ones until I finish the completely uninteresting, unmotivated tutorial campaign?!?!?

Restricting gamers and not allow them to play how they want is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up thing by designing a game!

2., This game is worse than HoMM 4, no matter on what difficulty you play, everytime you left your castle and leave you weakest units behind and prepare to attack with full force on the final enemy, the AI brings up some medium/small army and starts to capture your mines, barracks etc., and due to the movement points in many cases you are not able to reach it's army to stop this madness, and your army which you left home is not as strong as your main forces, so you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up, you can reload your game because it's an endless cycle.

3., Why Uplay? Sometimes Uplay updates then Conflux is not available and there you go, you can't play!

4., On nVidia cards you have to "hack" or lower your graphic settings to prevent random freezes before tactical battles, no matter how strong card you have.

These are the first impressions by playing only the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorial campaigns on normal and even on easy because of the unfair AI unit spawn. Yes, I remember HoMM 4 was similar in that case but it wasn't as heavy as in HoMM 6.

You can imagine how good this game is according to the first 10 hours which was only the "basic" tutorial campaign. To hell with this game, to hell with Ubisoft and well, Black Hole guys, I'm sorry, but you failed too, no matter how hard you tried to create something new. You owe me 19 Euros and 10 hours of my life!

Gamers who like 4X fantasy strategy, go play Age of Wonders 3, Disciples, Fallen Enchantress or King's Bounty, the Heroes franchise is dead. There are tons of other great 4X strategy games out there, it's time to release HoMM to it's grave and get a grip of something new and good franchise.
 

Somesz
218 products in account
1
38 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2014
I purchased a single player game, why do I need to sign up for a secondary account to play a single player game. If I wanted to sign up for an online game, sure, make me sign up for an online account, but I dont really game online very much. I might even be able to tollerate having to sign up for a secondary gaming account through the game creators, but the game keeps telling me it cant register my account because they have no available servers. Thus, I cant play the game. If I cant play the game, Ive wasted my money. Trying to tell me otherwise will be wasting your time. If the game creators fix this issue and I can finally play, I might change this review, but as it stands, I would not reccomend buying this game.

Edit and update: The service they want me to sign up for is called Uplay, and is similar to Steam and Games for Windows Live, which are both services meant to sell and confirm that I legally own a game. My problem with this is when I buy a game off ONE of these sites, I dont expect to have to register it to a second one. Ive spent months trying to get this "Uplay" program to update and run properly. Ive tried updating it, checking to make sure it functions properly with my firewall, and just about everything else imaginable. When Uplay runs properly, I managed to get this game registered to a Uplay account and logged into Uplay via my new account. I did everything as was part of the deal and it either crashes upon launching, or it loads properly and claims it "cant find the game file".... and THEN crashes. I did manage to get the game to load ONCE, and it crashed within 5 minutes of loading. I didnt even get past the menu screen.

As of now, Im done trying. I cannot recommend any M@M games that involve this Uplay farce until it works properly. I purchased a game, I should be able to play said game. Because I cannot, I fail to see why I should ever buy another game from this company.
 

crimsonjackel
461 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
216.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2015
Dont play game with UPlay bug
 

mudy45
105 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2017
It requires Uplay, and Uplay doesn´t seem to work from Steam. Definetely, this is a sound way to destroy a solid and mythic game saga.
 

ingtar24
645 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
46 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2016
UPLAY? More like UDONTPLAY.
 

Deus Sinistro
599 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
199.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2014
The story is amazing, but that's about it.

All computer controlled units (including neutrals) scale so fast such that it becomes impossible to engage in any combat unless you have all your units/resouces pooled onto your main hero, meaning that any secondary hero you happen to get is nothing more than a glorified unit courier; a feature that was absent in all other games of this series. Consequently, losing a single unit on a single stack is enough to warrent a reload. The game has been out a long time and still the final 'dynasty perk' slot hasn't been unlocked for use; even at max level and with all DLC. Finally, the game has a random crashing issue that has yet to be resolved; the crash may occur within five minutes of starting or after six hours of play.

Despite all this though, the game is surprisingly balanced (again, assuming all your recources are pooled to your main hero) and the units are refreshingly diverse across all races.

TL;DR
If you're a fan of the series and have played one of the predecesors this game is a big disappointment. If you're new to the series or the genre in general: wait for it to go on sale.
 

Syagrius
52 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3
Asking for a refund right now because Ubisoft added a whole connection logging application in front of my game to ban me from playing it. I have to now sell my information to Ubisoft to play a game I had already paid for, legally that is theft by taking or blackmail. I really don't care the name for it you choose, it is wrong Ubisoft. Give me my money back or give me a working game again. This is criminal! It is not even mentioned on the game page or explained what these new apps wanted when I tried running my game on the first computer I've had in 7 years that could really play the game well. I will never buy a Ubisoft game again until they change ownership and policies.

TLDR; Ubisoft return what you stole from me, NOW. I am not afraid to call the police and prosecute.
 

Mugaluk
25 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
86.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2020
Great Covid game. I played Heroes of Might and Magic since HMM2 and I loved every campaign. It's great to see the new features and how they evolved throughout time. What I love about Heroes 6 are the campaigns, exploring the maps and building up an army and figuring out some of the puzzles.

Here's my Santa list of things that I think could be further improved
1. Would be nice if the heroes appearance would change with the artefacts.
2. Waiting for that animation to play every time we convert a building/town is really annoying after a while.
3. What's been a bit of a disappointment was the AI side of things, at times is clunky and does the same mistake over and over. They would attack one of my small outpost, I would teleport from my main town and beat them, and they do it over and over again until they kill their army.
4.The boss fights are interesting. The Crag Hack campaign won't let you in with your full army and there is no way for a player to know that. A bit of a surprise, if you don't pick up that cape the Thunderbird will obliterate you. Think the maps can have some hints around what to expect and how to best prepare?
5. Raelag's ambush by Yeshtar is pure AI cheese, you run from knights and think you will finish that map then a powerful army comes out of nowhere and beats you and you need to restart the map and try and keep every soldier alive. Some of these missions with no towns give little room for error and kill the vibe.
6. Dynasty weapons are hard too upgrade, you get a bunch of them but at the end of a campaign it's still not upgraded.
7. The game's storyline is a bit basic, could be further improved.
8. Probably introduce more artefacts and sets. there's too few artefacts in my opinion.
9. Hard to tell what are the shooters in my army. Really not that intuitive to me, think it's important to know by right-clicking and getting some clear info.
10. Spells are too simple, it's more might than magic. What happened to the epic spells? During a campaign when playing Magic you don't get that many spells.
11. Well done on the music :)
12. Some campaign maps were cool but a bit medium-sized.

Sorry about the long post, think you've done an overall great job. I think I played too much Diablo and got influenced by that RPG-like character set up.

Thanks
 

fabrik_
70 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
108.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2014
I've mixed feelings about this game. Ever since spending countless hours playing Heroes of Might and Magic III and it's expansions/mods years ago, I've been a fan. I love a good turn-based tactical combat based game. In fact, it may be my favorite genre. A strong strategy of collecting resources, helpful items and building powerful kingdoms backed by a solid story, good character dialogue, with outstanding art and soundtrack all mixed together, it's my opinion there is no topping this genre of game.

Might and Magic: Heroes VI though falls short of legendary status for many reasons. Many avenues of this series have been simplified such as the resources, additions like the caravan options from HoMM IV and NPC monsters on the map being able to attack you during their turn if you are too close are missing. The story is nothing that held my interest and the dialogue happening in the pop-up screens was pretty horrible in many instances, and the in-game cutscene graphics are pretty generic. I did enjoy the map art and the soundtrack was okay.

The gameplay is decent, though at many times not challenging. I had to crank up the difficulty to hard for any real strategy. On normal it can be difficult in the first few levels, but once you amass some powers/items/armies it's pretty much a steamroll. I played through 3 of the campaigns and towards the end of the 3rd I was getting bored and just selecting auto-battle and having minimal to no losses.

I did like the inclusion of dynasty weapons, dynasty traits and having to open further slots and options by playing more and earning the achievement points. Again, there wasn't much of a challenge to the achievements other than just playing long enough to rack up enough kills/battles won without losses/ etc.

Uplay is another barrier. Online activation to continue your game, if you do need/have to be offline you have to play a game started in offline mode. I don't like to open my steam purchased game in two menus. Not a deal breaker for me, but annoying and unnecessary.

I doubt I'll go back and play another full campaign. Perhaps, a random map here and there. Overall, it's just okay. Nothing spectatular that a turn-based strategy lover must have, but a worthy buy if you come across for cheap.

 

CosmicNomad
273 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2019
Great game. Lacks W10 support and support for gaming mice but everything can be fixed easly..
 

braz
168 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
149.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2015
The game is OK but the Uplay thing is a complete rubbish which completely ruins the game experience, you can be in a middle of a battle (or just about to win it) in single player game and get a message that you got disconnected and will return to the main menu, and then you lose any progress you made, it is really frustrating and I don't think I'll continue play this game (I am still in the first campaign, and feel really dumb that I bought the gold version)
In conclusion stay away from this game unless you like frustration
 

Eran G
1,428 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
DON'T BUY.
UPlay DRM makes this unplayable. Look for alternatives in the same genre, such as Eador or Kings Bounty instead.
The issue isn't that the game is bad, the issue is you can't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ play if with the DRM.
And as context, I downloaded and played the demo for this prior to buying; to make sure I would enjoy the mechanics, and that it would run well on my laptop. Demo ran like a dream, no problems. Actual game adds UPlay, can't even get into the freaking thing.
 

kgoblin
743 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
201.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2020
the game crash all the time in win10 and the company responsable dont do nothing to fix the error !! dont buy this game !!!
 

infax786
31 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
75.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2020
NEEDS A MAP GENERATOR SO I CAN PLAY THIS FOREVER
 

Sin
61 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
you have to register the game with uplay, and if you switch computers and try to play they will tell you that you down own the game. ♥♥♥♥ Uplay. fun game but i will never buy a ubisoft game again.
 

Squirrel Punter
468 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2021
dont get it to start. unbelivable that steam accept a product of the giant Ubisoft to be this ♥♥♥♥, Lord Gaben plz give them hell
 

RedNax
25 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
158.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2021
Game does not run on win 10..
 

Kóngurinn
26 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2021
doesnt work, wont go fullscreen or connect to "conflux". wont play offline
 

Deegee
131 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2016
Game does not work due to uplay. I cannot start the campaign due to a bug that was present when it launched and they still haven't fixed it. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself ubisoft.
 

Violet Tendencies
458 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2017
Requires subscription to Uplay
 

D TX
75 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2016
Uplay lost my activation key and Ubisoft support never answered back...
So... you expect me to recommend this game ???
NO

I found "Disciples III - Reincarnation", which plays really nice!!!
Thank you very much.

 

Explorer
413 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2018
It was okay when you could get it to work but don't place any bets on it! I'll do my best to avoid all future Ubisoft games in the future unless they guarantee I can play the games from steam. http://store.steampowered.com/recommended/recommendgame/48220#
 

mr.bjarneandersson
158 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2014
Game Finished , but i still have the impression that this game will go on 4 ever. Any way , back to the point , this game ROCKS. I recoment this game to all who played the eralier versions of heroes.
 

TERORIK <3 Yoruichi
1,265 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2021
Wouldn't mind playing it, but Ubi seems to have made that impossible.

Caveat emptor.
 
A developer has responded to this review

bear_storm
655 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
Beautiful turn by turn game just like in the old times. :)
 

octyc
641 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
Steam says I have a half an hour of gametime in. It can't differentiate between gaming and wasting half an hour ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with uplay.
 

Spank n Uranus
4,951 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 7, 2020
I played it for a few hours when it came out, then put it down.... Tried going back now with all the DLCs and I can't even get it to run. It freezes every time before I even get into any menus.
 

bobrock1982
724 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2016
OMG cant log in to Uplay account "unable to connect to servers" dont waste your money like I did!!!
 

bballard
156 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2020
dont buy, game doesnt work. but what can you really expect from ubisoft, also BOO to steam that i cant refund this piece of ♥♥♥♥ because its from a third party... your selling me something that doesnt work....
 

Napoleon
85 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2017
Wow. One of the buggiest games I've ever played. Quite a shame, it had LOADS of potential, but the frequent crashes matched with the ungodly load times and the forced use of their game launcher made this almost unplayable. Steer clear.
 

kairael
61 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2014
Been playing the HoMM franchise since Heroes II was incluced in PC Gamer's monthly Coconut Monkey demo disc samples. Minutes turned into hours. Hours to days. Got Price of Loyalty and did the same. Was enthralled by the masterpiece known as Heroes III and all of its expansions. Figured out the puzzle that was Heroes IV, New World Computing's last contribution to the franchise. Suffered through Nival's inability to create copetent map AI in Heroes V.

And now this game, which I cannot truly comment on, because the "double layer" of DRM through Steam and Ubisoft renders this game unplayable. Really, it's Ubisoft's fault because U(don't)play always crashes regardless if I install from steam or fresh form the website or wherever. I can't even log on without the interface crashing.

So really, this is a review on how bad Uplay is. It breaks everything. Thank goodness it's a digital download instead of back in the day, when garbage DRM would forever ruin your disk drives. Some of you may be old enough to remember those days.
 

Black Lives Matter
862 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,056.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2018
Good game. Most of the character lines are voiced and voiced well so finding every bit of story and quest becomes that much better then the stanard, silient text box. Some quest rewards give you items that have their own exp progress and work across characters, making grinding enemies and level reply a little more valuable. They incorparated an ingame message board, usually around difficult fight, which always found to be an amusing distraction from the single player campaigns solo focus. The story itself is one of murder and family strife set to the strange fantasy which is the Might and Magic universe and kept me curious to the end.

All and all a good game.
 

Ernam
376 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2015
Yay! Got it on sale!!!! Except that it took hours to download a rediculously large game file, especially for a game that is older. Fiiiinally finished downloading and it took another hour to download Uplay. Created a Uplay account, attempt to verify my game code, which is a pain becaue Uplay doesn't allow for copy and pasting, code is not accepted. Retype, nothing. Try a DLC code, nothing, Retype DLC code ****YOU HAVE BEEN BANNED FOR 24 HOURS***** The reason being, I attempted to validate a game code too many times. Are you freakin serious Ubisoft? How about giving me a game code that works?!?!?! $5 or not, if you can't give me what I paid for, I expect a refund. Once my ban is lifted, I will attempt to validate the codes again and if they are not valid, I will be contacting my credit card company and denying the charge. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF ITS A 99% DISCOUNT!!!!!!!
 

DigitalDad
71 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2016
I don't understand all of the negative reviews of this game. It isn't on par with, say, MM3 but it is a very fun and addictive game as well with it's own unique charm. The graphics are great, the gameplay is tweaked but maintains the classic Heroes vibe. All the DLC is a bit of a turn off and the lack of custom map making is a step backwards but overall it is a good addition to the universe.

A lot of people complain about Uplay but I have not experienced any of these problems. Perhaps the complaints are outdated? I can play online without issue, Uplay functions perfectly. I have had one instance of a game crash but that was after hours of play and enabling the daily save feature makes it so that the odd crash really isn't much of an issue.
 

BloodPanda
473 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2013
Авторы сфейлили всё что можно было сфейлить и ещё чуть чуть сверх того. Результат похож на героев как Леонов-уголовник, на Леонова-воспитателя . Вроде лицо одно а содержание...
 

Zeks
321 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2015
Doesn't run on windows 10. Woo.
 

Filth
158 products in account
3
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2014
After several years passed from release, this game is just too buggy to play.
 

ethereal2k7
211 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 22, 2018
Tried to launch game and it would not start. Spent 2 hours with ubisoft tech support and they could not fix it. They also almost shut down my pc in the process. I will b3e getting a refund. I would not reccommend any Ubisoft games for pc.
 

kirbies dreamland
15 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2018
A decent game, but there are better Might and Magic games both older and newer than this one.

Pros:
- even without DLCs, there are a lot of different campaigns with different stories and factions
- classic Might and Magic lore and gameplay
- nice, colourful graphic style

Cons:
- the story makes no sense and the dialogues are not well written
- repetitive and possibly too long
- limited possibilities: you have about three types of creatures you can recruit with each faction; all over the map there are tons of creatures, but they are not for you
- fluctuating difficulty
- some missions are not planned smartly; they expect you to play a certain way and, if you don't, you simply cannot beat them. This makes the game linear and constricting, but also frustrating, because you cannot know before getting stuck how you should have developed your character in that map or if you should have fought more battle or speed-played the map. Getting stuck is boring because you have to start the map from the beginning, wasting possibly hours, and do most of the same things again.
- badly optimised. There is a game-breaking bug that prevents the game from launching that has never been solved. The Steam discussions are full of people complaning, but at least someone found a solution for the bug.

If you are a fan of the franchise, you might wanna give it a try but, personally, I was unimpressed.
 

AreysAK
426 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2020
18 minutes of a black screen with a little wheel turning: wow what a game! There are fixes. They all look like a pain in the ass. The game uses the uplay so I shouldn't be surprised that the game wouldn't load for me.

If you are a die-hard fan of the series there are videos on how to fix the load problem. As for me, I will go to the next game on my list.
 

Vinnie Mack
619 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
147.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2014
The best thing about this beautiful game is replayability. And it is not just that you can replay it whenever you want, this is much better! Thanks to the Conflux and its random disconnections, the game will FORCE you to replay some 2 out of 3 battles... even if you save the game at every opportunity.

So, again... the most replayable game EVER (crying)

(and yes, I tried every single fix I could find on the forums and on Ubisoft site. To no avail.)

So beware... this game might just be unplayable for you... think before buying.
.
 

Cholsy
169 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 7
Ubisoft dumbed down the UI significantly to the point it doesnt really feel like the same franchise. Theres game breaking bugs like being unable to use a certain healing spell once it gets to second level or higher in the first campaign after the prologue. the random resources on the map are easily missable due to them blending so very well to the scenery. and finally missions where you cant replenish your troops. for ♥♥♥♥♥ sake ubisoft.
 

RudeFunSeeker
131 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2018
Game doesent eaven start before it crasches!!! WTF
 

haarvig_
24 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 12
Game won't start, you can't play it anymore
 

MUN9N
34 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2017
Moving the mouse causes massive frame drops.
Don't expect issues like this in games this old.
 

EchoMoose
320 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2016
I guess at this point it's clear, stupid Uplay and conflux wreck an otherwise good game.
 

kerona66
175 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2021
Stop selling games where you have to open up yet another third party game purchasing platform to play it. Just stop. No one asked for that ♥♥♥♥. All it does is cause problems. Either run it on your platform, or don't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sell it.
 

Flarius
93 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2015
Do not buy this game. It utilizes U-Play whether you are playing online or not. U-Play crashes constantly and does not allow you to play the game. Their 'support' is useless and Steam will not refund the game. So, unless you just like donating money, do not buy it. Ubisoft is worthless now.
 

Elflin
145 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 8
I get that companies want to protect their IP. UbiSoft's protection makes their games pretty much unplayable. I played this for a while on disc before moving it to Steam. On Steam, my password is invalid and their is not a way to reenter. Finally find a work around, and then the game enters "not responding". Seriously, I wonder how they can stay in business. The good news is that their IP is safe...
 

Odoacer
255 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
127.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
I like the game story, and all that. The computer cheats like always, but who's surprised any more?
Uplay made this all but unplayable for me, though. I could only get to play 1 out of 6 times i launched, otherwise it wouldn't even get to the Conflux login, and that only worked half the time. So the game is only playable about 1 out of 12 times i launch.
Bought this game because i'm a fan of the series, probably one of the most stupid decisions i have ever made. Do not buy unless you really like restarting the game a *lot* and hoping it works.
 

Petter
240 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
65.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2016
In general its a good game, it gives many hours of fun.
Pros:
+ "New" concept with set items on the heroes
+ An online connected item system (dynasty) which enables you to level up weapons as your hero gains experience. (too bad for people who cant connect to the internet all the time)
+ You can choose your hero type and still select abilities from both might and magic classes
+ All heroes can learn spells of higher ranks, and not randomly
+ Challanging campaigns and nice boss battles!
+ Interesting mix of abilities.
+ Good looking graphics and designs.

Cons:
- Set items are a bit booring, they give general stats and mostly nothing awsome. 6 set items should give a big bonus.
- Dynasty items require ALOT of experience to level.. During campaigns you are stuck using the same weapon all the time, because it has a healing spell... So not much variation possible.
- Campaigns are very long, and creeps increase in size so fast you are not allowed to lose any units. (therefore you need all the healing spells available)
- Enemy heroes magically always knows what castle is unprotected and the exact size of your army. Enemy armies also grows in an rate far greater than your 10 vs 1 castles.
- Stunn spells doesnt work. Examples:
* Succubus charm/seduce spell clearly states it stunns for 2 turns. The creature is in fact stunned for the remaining turn(even after their turn has passed).
* Time statis spell clearly states 4 turns, it randomly stunns between 2-4 turns.
* Chilled/frozen usually works for 1 turn as well (they can attack the next turn, after they got stunned).
* All stunn spells counts one turn even though the creature has already done its turn. Makes sense?
- Auto combat always makes you lose units, which mentioned earler you cannot afford. every battle (up to 100 times) has to be done manually as a result of the increasing size of the creeps, which also almost never retreat, even if your army is much, much larger.
- Still bugs in the game. I could buy 100 units when there were 11 available and won the map. Stunns are buggy.
- Hero movement is buggy. I got boots, hero trait, stable, etc etc and still cant get far. But the enemy can always ride further. A hero without an army however can ride through the whole map with the same buffs.
- Very less information of the hero stats.. How many movement points does the hero have? How does it get increased mana? What does one might power do? Some spells cant be cast because of lacking information..
- Lacking tool tips everywhere..
- Campaign doesnt follow a chronological pattern, its very confusing.
- I can go on for ever.

HOMM 3 beats all the games. HOMM 4 was very fun as you could make OP melee heroes who became imortal with magic spells from an assisting hero. HOMM 5 was ok. HOMM 6 had lots of potential if more time was put into polising it.
A mixture of HOMM 6 and HOMM 4 would realy do the trick, i like the ORPG direction the game is going.
 

IGOR!!!
151 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
I've been playing the Heroes series since Heroes II and love it. Can't get past Uplay. Want my money back, then anyone other than Ubisoft to make a good Heroes game.

-Edit-
Finally got Uplay to work. Redownloaded Uplay and updated it, then went thru all the .exe files and changed them to run as administrator. This seems to have solved my issues getting the game to work.
That being said, if you lose your internet connection, even for a breif second, it will kick you out of the game mid-turn.
 

DOCsnowman
408 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
172.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2018
First off: I run this off a modern, hi-spec, windows 10 gaming laptop and it runs no problem so cant account for other people claiming it wont run on their systems. I also have a Uplay account existing from playing other Ubisoft games and as such had none of the drama others seemed to have from creating an account although I admit spending 5 minutes to confirm an email address can be taxing for some people.
However that being said I am a seasoned player of this series and honestly think this ranks just below HOMM3 in both addictiveness and good looks. I would say this is the true sequel to HOMM3 in capturing that holy blend. The campaign is split between campaigns of various factions, as is tradition, but this time each is led by a sibling of the same family in the core game and you want to play through each to get the full story of what is unfolding but may still play the campaigns of the core characters in any order and still not miss out.
Information old players may like is that the soundtrack is composed by Paul Romero (his last game to date unfortunately) and there are plenty of easter eggs to be found in the hero's bios and within the maps themselves.
 

Phil Mitchell
118 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2013
I really enjoy the earlier Heroes games, but Ubisoft's stupid UPlay requirement has made it hard for me to get involved with this version. The game has gotten more complicated and not more fun. Ubisoft is trying to replace my Steam overlay with their UPlay service and it annoys me. You also get an advertisement for other Ubisoft games every time you finish a session. If their servers are down or having trouble handling the traffic, you can't play your game.

Heroes III is one of my favorite games of all time and Ubisoft has sucked the soul out of the series. I don't know why they can't wrap their brain around the idea that strong arming your customers stunts your sales.
 

Pandemoniac
330 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2016
Yes, it's always online (is the AI online?) and you need uplay. Never had an issue with uplay. Just add the game there with the Steam key first (!) and launch it from Steam. Uplay won't even pop up, just sit in the task bar. That integration (at least in Dec 2016) is well made.

The game is enjoyable, I am playing my second campaign now and I enjoy it. Kinda sad that "raising" a second hero is pointless as you always need to run around with your max army (on one hero) anyway and you lose them at the end of a mission. :(

Can't compare it to older Heroes of Might and Magic games as I've only seen them but never played them.
 

crackalackin
417 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
34.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2021
Another game I've bought that doesn't work. First Fallout 3 and now Might and Magic VI. What the hell.
 

ᗪ🝗⼕ㄖ丫
113 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2016
elevator pitch:

imagine if Heroes of Might & Magic: IV didn't work
 

AntiSkub
429 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2020
Does not work. Just had to restart my computer too, it crashed that bad.
 

mirror 200cc
669 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 20
Game doesnt work
 

Bluetusks
96 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
151.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2015
Despite Uplay's irritating DRM and the unreliability of the Conflux feature -- something that rewards you for play with certain unlocks in future games -- Heroes of Might and Magic VI is a well-made reminder of what I loved about HoMM3 and the series in general.
 

RighteousDevil
521 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2021
Although the game is fun and an addition to the series, it is almost unplayable when running through Ubisoft, i have lost many saved games and have been kicked out of the game many many times just due to the UPlay program it runs from
 

E-Man
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2015
Not sure why all the Uplay haters are ragging on the game except on sheer principle. Works just fine for me, and I have 3 games on the Uplay thing. Yes it is annoying, but it seems most games are going this way, and it is free, so whatever. I really wish they had kept the 3D map feature like in M&M 5., but Great game anyways, love the series and cannot wait for M&M 7 this year! Highly recommend this game!!

Although to be honest.... Age of Wonders 3 is a much better game... way, way better. But I still enjoy this one :)
 

The True Emperor
354 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2016
So let me tell you a story

You start off in your own base. Sweet!

You're collecting resources around your base, killing neutral monsters and recruiting them, you're a hero!

You've spent a solid hour and a half collecting resources

You realize you're low on gems, ****!

You find a gem factory, Sweet!

You fully upgrade your town, awesomeness!

You finally catch sight of one of the enemy champions >_>

He's coming towards your main base!

You scream ♥♥♥♥♥ please!

You home teleport and wreck him (barely)

You find that sneaky dudes base

You attack it and barely win! Sweet!

You've received a notification that Green team has been eliminated, only red and yellow left!

You suddenly get Yellow team has been eliminated message two days later. 1 v 1 !

You assume Red team must be battered and broken just like you from taking on yellow

Suddenly a red champion appears on your map, you've been waiting for this, he must be weak!

You teleport to your main base where he is, geared up with the max creatures you can possibly buy!

You scroll over him, seeing just how weak he is.....

You notice he's classified as 'deadly' to your top hero....

He attacks your main base, destroying your hopes and dreams

RIP 4 hours of your life

You realize the difficulty was set to easy

You uninstall the game

4/10

Overall the game is really really fun, the only problem is the enemy hero appears out of nowhere with an INSANELY OP army that you're like 'wait how the hell do you have 70 shadow dragons when I only have 40 spider ladies?' not to mention they've got literally every spot full of an artifact where you only have like... maybe 3-4. Compared to Heroes 5, which I played hundreds upon hundreds of hours before the days of steam.... this game is simply silly in terms of AI balance. It's like the AI is like 'oh hey you have 2 more soldiers than the other AI team, gg AI green team, you get their base for free, now go rape the player'..... and yes, I had it on easy because it was my third playthrough, normal I got rinsed before a month was past by a AI that apparently could recruit everything known to man on his way to my base since day one.
 

SolitaryEnd
90 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
89.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2015
I upgraded my rig and re-installed this game but I can't play it because Uplay always crashes when trying to look for updates.
 

Davion
162 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2017
Literally unplayable, due to Uplay.
 

Salty Strudel
57 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
170.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2018
The game runs without issue for me, however, it is poorly optimized. Consequently, no matter how beefy your system is you can expect significant frame drops even on the lowest possible settings. This is quite dissapointing really. All though this iteraction of the franchise is a lot of fun, ignoring performance issues, it is rather incomplete. It is missing way too many features that are present in HOMM iii and prior iteractions of the game that have not made it into this one. Several of these are smaller maps, less maps as well as less units and much more. Changes, that although for a newcomer would not change much. It is significant enough that it would throw any fans of the franchise off! I would avoid this game unless you are capable of getting it for a few bucks, but even then you will probably end up returning it. I say this after having invested over 167 hours into the game through hotseat which is really the only reason I still play this game, albeit not as frequently as I used to.
 

Amadeus
127 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
I will sum this up ... Uplay = No Way .

The game is buggy and after the first campaign, I haven't touched it. I tried to load it up a few times but the Uplay wasn't being nice.
 

yeolePK [MoC]
623 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2021
This game does not even open anymore and it did before (on the same machine). Great job devs, great job Ubisoft............................................................................................... not!!!
 

Ynlow
163 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2014
It's not possible to play the multiplayer. I've tried everything.
I do not recommend this game to anyone, the ubisoft launcher is just awful.
 

Captain Calamari
158 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
115.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2013
There are many conflicting opinions over Heroes VI. Some of it is because of the community spirit: Heroes fans are so conservative that everything was better before the universe existed. On the other hand, I cannot remember many games that have had this many technical difficulties. The publisher, and the two studios that have worked with the game, have made progress... but it is still ongoing. The core gameplay is to my liking, however. The subtle changes take away much busywork, and the battles are fun. The story is such melodrama I cannot see anyone not smiling at it
 

Major Moolah
1,041 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 7, 2020
NO FULLSCREEN MODE, NO SOUND
WHAT DID I PAY FOR, HUH???

i couldn't even launch it! i had to edit ProfileData doc to fix it and when i DID fix it guess what? NO SOUND, WOW, SO MUSH RESPECT, UBISOFT, MERCI BEACOUP
 

syberian_snow
20 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
383.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2016
FROM A HoM&M AVID PLAYER: AVOID AT ALL COSTS

Every month there is a problem with connecting to the server: once it's an ubisoft update, another time the maintenance works which always take more time than scheduled, other times it just keeps disconnecting for unknown reasons, today it's a bad uplay update ( uplay has caused a lot of problems so far) etc... the end result is that you can't play this game decently!
I'm still of the ( maybe old fashioned??) idea that if you pay good money for a game you have the right to play when you want and as much as you want. The number of times I couldn't play with this game and the way Ubisoft keeps on failing by giving very little or no customer support only points to one conclusion: DON'T BUY this piece of junk.
I've played and enjoyed all the Heroes of Might and Magic and I'm completely disappointed with Ubisoft because it has completely ruined the franchise both by pairing with Uplay and by making the content of the game only available when connected to the game server (conflux).
As curious as I was about HoM&M VII I won't buy it. If you want to enjoy this franchise go back, play the V, IV, III and II, but don't buy this and the following one at these absurd conditions, where you can only play every other week and with Ubisoft replying to your submitted ticket 1 month later, when the old issue is resolved and a new one has just arisen.
 

anna_chiara83
9 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
304.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2017
After 7 years it still has a million of bugs and is unplayable both on Windows 7 and 10.
 

IchWillEkb
154 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
975.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2021
decent game.
 

amar.nir
141 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2016
Playing the game felt like the release was rushed by about 5 months and somebody forgot to finish the development.
 

fubu
36 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2017
I have a 2014 laptop with a dualcore i3 4030u 1.9gh and a geforce 820M 2gb : game runs fine on high, so I really really don't get the unoptimised comments...

Had no problem installing and running the game with uplay from the 1st time on, so i don't get those comments either...

I bought the complete edition and never ever was asked to pay any supplement, so i don't get those comments either...

I DO get that it sucks to be forced to have 2 inlays (steam and uplay) that does the same thing at the same time and that you're kinda dependent of the online disponibility of uplay (there seems to be an offline mode though i never used it).

I suspect that a lot of negative comments come from people who used to play HMMs on illegal pirated version and are now pissed that this (cumbersome) system forces them to actually pay their due. tbh it's probably there because while HMMs are played and niche popular, the vast majority of the players used illegal pirated version so instead of review bombing, a mea culpa would be the mature thing to do...

As far as the game goes, the campaigns are well written, they changed a lot of things so you have to exit your comfort zone and that's very good. Most features will be subjective hit or miss to long time HMM serie fans, i love most of them so that's a recommandation. HMM V TotE and III SoD are still the superior HMMs, but not by that much : Solid try and effort from the devs.
 

Fer & Flammes
46 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
59.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2020
The game has a ton of compatibility issue with modern OS and requires the UPLAY launcher in addition to Steam to run the game. I also ran into a problem with being unable to recover my old UPLAY account and having security Key issues when I made a new account, and thus cannot play the games I purchased long ago. Ubisoft has ruined the M&M franchise. You're better of going back to Heroes 5.
 

Brass Gnat
173 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2020
UBISOFT
 

[FB] El"FightingChicken"Diablo
406 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
848.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2020
I spend some great times playing this game and the ones before, but when i go back to install, i cannot even access the ubisoft account.
Recovered my password and all but still it would not let me in, i even went to create a new account.
Tried calling the support line and they are closed.
Seriously?
 

asheel1110
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2014
DO NOT BUY THIS! Avoid it like the plague until they remove the UPLAY account requirements. I just went to boot this thing up and got the lovely message that I needed a UPLAY account. This reminded me immediately of the debacle with Mass Effect 3 and ORIGIN. I bit, tried to register an account only for it to tell me that the service has suffered an unrecoverable error. Tried to register again 3 more times, same crap. So basically I've paid for something I can't use. Well played Ubisoft you've successfully stolen my money. Again, speak with your wallet, tell these clowns to stop with this drm BS. Download a pirated version. I guarantee you'll have an easier time installing and playing it than a legit copy that just straight up doesn't work.
 

TopCat
503 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
121.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2012
There's a lot for Heroes fans old and new in VI. Visually it builds on the rather generic and bland 3D view of V to create something quite beautiful to look at with its own distinct style. Gameplay-wise, it's closer to III than IV, a must in my opinion, while also adding new features that enhance rather than detract from the experience. The Dynasty system adds a sense of accomplishment that really shines when you get to carry what you've earned through to new games. Add in a nice dose of nostalgia with visual and musical cues to earlier games and a commitment to further improvements despite a rocky developmental start, and we're left with a game I'd recommend to any strategy gamer.
 

Dr. Bees
802 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
69.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
"you have been disconnected, you wil be brought back to the main menu"

The sentence that destroys every singleplayer

But on the plus side, its a pretty great ctrl, alt, del simulator, since it crashes 90% of the time you do any action, perfect example on how to ruin a series
 

Chairswing
131 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1,326.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2014
I love the Heroes of Might and Magic Series though I never got into playing #4. The 3rd release has always been and seems it will always be the best even if lacking in graphics! The 6th release is very playable, but it lacks the depth of even the flop release of #4. Being restricted to playing online for your complete features is just stupid and should be choice rather than mandated to receive your features.

At this point I will edit my review... The game itself is fun if it does get a bit monotonous at times, but then you will find getting to play the game your biggest challenge as UPLAY constantly drops connection sending you back to the main menu or just will not access the internet. After much digging, it is not Heroes 6, but an inconsistent UPLAY Server; it seems that Ubisoft cannot seem to keep the main server running consistently...

I can understand their concerns over antipiracy and cheating, but I have a feeling UBISOFT loses more money using UPLAY than people could ever steal from them... Until UPLAY starts working consistently or it is cut out of the loop I no longer recommend this game or any game from UBISOFT!

If you buy the Heroes 3 HD, buy at your own risk in January... By the way, the disks still work perfectly...

If you buy the Heroes 7 coming out next year, buy at your own risk... If you need example, catch Heroes 6 on a friends computer and try playing after midnight... UPLAY rarely stays logged in after midnight and stays offline until 6 am...
 

HazardHawk
598 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2014
Nothing is worth dealing with Ubisoft's anti-consumer paranoia. Nothing.
 

Inanna
258 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 16
DRM trash.
 

sruth
150 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
135.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2014
Bought the complete edition on sale @$9.99 USD. Few installation problems with Uplay and Steam but I found a way around it.

PROS
1. Long Franchise
Very long and illustrious franchise with its ups and downs. Up to HOMM6 now.

2. Interesting Class Abilities
Certain classes of heroes (Sanctuary) can swim without a ship if all units in the army are amphibious. Similar to Disciples but a good addition. Would also have liked a hero that can fly. Makes each faction less generic.

3. Pirates
Pirate race of neutrals sounded great (Crag Hack campaign) until it became all Orc Class / Stronghold Faction. Good attempt.

CONS
1. Incomplete
The game feels incomplete. After playing Might and Magic : Duel of Champions and seeing all the different creatures, spells, classes, buildings and heroes, Heroes feels like it is still in alpha.

2. Diplomacy is Flawed
Diplomacy mechanic has not been changed. It is is still very weak and almost useless. It only increases the number of creatures that join you and only affects neutral creatures. Creature stances are fixed in stone and do not change e.g. Hostile creatures stay hostile all the way throughout the game.

3. Continuity Issues
Minor issues like illogical campaign speeches e.g. Orc Campaign : Acama speaks on your side when you have yet to convince him to join you.

4. Biased Campaign
Campaign choices for Tears vs Blood may always favour Tears since letting neutral creatures run away without a fight gains +10 Tears.

5. Grinding
Dynasty weapons take way too long to grind up beyond Level 2.

6. Additional Steps
Logging into CONFLUX before the game starts is getting on my nerves.

7. Boring Story
Story is pretty boring for all factions, except the Necropolis. Only Anastasya's story is somewhat interesting.

8. Unequal Faction Abilities
Faction abilities are not of an equal level.
a. Having the Necropolis have the most powerful faction ability to resurrect AND heal is quite overpowered. Not to mention. Having the Altar of Eternal Servitude makes it even worse with an immortal army.

b. Gating ability for Inferno takes too long to activate. It has to first gain points then wait in queue to be summoned. Although being able to summon anywhere on the map seems enviable, it is quite easy countered. Gating units does not help to prevent unit loss since gated units do not stay. While the L4 gated ability (instant gate + copy of original stack) is ridiculously powerful, it takes way too long to activate.

c. The Haven "bubble" is not very useful. Enemies almost always have another valid target to attack. The main benefit is being fast to cast and preventing your range units from being targetted in the first round of combat.

9. Graphic Design is Bland
Castle architecture is very bland. They resemble coloured boxes. You can't differentiate a barracks from a market.

SUGGESTIONS
1. Complete the Work
Bring in all the stuff from MMDOC into Heroes. E.g. Wizard Class/Academy Faction which already existed in previous versions of Heroes, Tier 4 creatures like the Ghost Dragon, Wyvern Riders for the Stronghold.

You can even bring in unique creatures to prevent classes from turning stale.g. Al Betyl Ghoul is a way more powerful ghoul compared to normal Ravenous Ghouls for the Necropolis.

2. Change Diplomacy
For Diplomacy, allow it to change the stance of the creatures towards you. e.g. Diplomacy makes Hostile to Aggressive and Agressive to Passive and Passive to Friendly. Add the ability to bribe creatures for safe passage. Add the ability for Diplomacy to work on enemy heroes not just neutrals, be able to convert enemy heroes, even if it's hard.

3. Flying
Flying heroes. On dragons.

4. Co-op Multiplayer
Co-op multiplayer campaign maps.

REFERENCES
http://www.mmdoc.net/card_list/thumbs/type_card/creature/
 

<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>
662 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2015
The DRM is nearly game breaking. Every time their server disconnects, you get to redo everything from the last save. Even with a strong internet connection, being disconnected is very common.
 

hewhoiswright
215 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2015
downloaded for 1h30m, updated uplay + ingame features for 1h.
gg Ubisoft, I will pirate it anyway :)
 

DD18
470 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2019
The game used to work just fine, then about 3 months before the sequel came out, it stopped working and now just goes in to a black screen that I can't get out of (task manager is inaccessible, alt+tab does nothing), the copy that I "acquired" elsewhere works just fine, The game isn't that great to begin with, AI obviously cheats which is annoying and a lazy way to increase difficulty when you can't code proper enemy AI, also makes it impossible to strategize properly because you're never sure how or when the computer will decide to cheat. waste a town, leave to take care of another unit, then come back, will there now be a new host of units? you don't know, sometimes theres a tonne that come from nowhere, sometimes theres still nothing. sometimes you attack the town and it'll have top tier units for defence, but then you acquire it and it all the sudden has nothing built and is a useless drain on resources. It just makes it frustrating to play, it makes for a *strategy game* where you can't employ *strategy*.....
 

(\/) (°,,,°) (\/)
289 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
123.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2021
I love Heroes of Might and Magic mostly for the nostalgia. So I play this once and a while and I'll keep playing it because the game itself is good. But Ubisoft is the absolute worst. It's nearly impossible to actually get the game going, you need to "fix" a lot of issues before you can even run the game, and then it has dual DRMs and that by itself is a mess too. You should probably just save yourself the headache and play something else. The game is not THAT good honestly.
 

Jo
357 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2021
This is by far the worst game I have ever purchased. Luckily, I only paid $7 but I still feel like I was 'ripped off'. Uplay is a complete joke. It doesn't work most of the time. Even when it does work, this is the most mundane M&M game ever. It is very hard to follow and is an abomination to the entire franchise. Even if this game were to be offered for free....don't take it. Save disc space for a well designed, fun game. Ubisoft should be very embarrassed with this game. Period.
 

garynicks
34 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 10, 2015
It is not that much about Uplay's accessibility that I do not recommend the game. Actually, I played more of this game offline than online (mainly because for a long period of time after buying it, I had no regular access to internet from home), although Ubisoft implemented a punishment for doing so by not alowing you to collect rewards after finishing scenarios of the campaign. So yeah, always online is kind of mandatory and I think that is pretty lame.

But I also have concerns about the game. Now Ok it is pretty and all there is no denying that, but there are some really bad design decisions in my opinion. For example, when you want to attack a enemy unit, you have to do it in one step, meaning that if for any reason you misclick and end up right in the square where you wanted to be but failed to issue the attack order, you cannot do it anymore. Another example is your hero who can cast spells and also attack, actions you have to take as long as one of your units still have the possibility to act; move all your units and that's it, your hero action is lost. I recently obtained a more stable internet connection and decided to get over with Uplay/always effing online but those "features" quickly annoyed/bored me.

Otherwise, again, the game is good looking for sure, but it is also really different from the cult HOMM3 or the more than respectable HOMM5. Some would say "overly simplified" (aiming at a casual audience?) as the several resources of its elders are gone (now its just gold, wood, ore and a unique "special" one). The hero progression is also completely rehauled and despite not going into it too deeply (played like 20 hours offline and 2 hours online) it did not appeal to me so much I shall say, as again it seems to lack the diversity and options found in previous installement of the series.

It is not a bad game (and I am happy I only wasted 75% of its price considering how little this episode of the franchise appeals to me - luckily I tried the demo and it only convinced me half-way so I waited for a sale) but it is far from having excellent game mechanics and in any way a good and contemporary implementation of the latter. I wished focus had been put more on making the game fun than on making it pretty to look at. Ultimately I wished Ubi's vision had been slightly less autoritarian, paranoid and business focused and a bit more into catering respectfully the heart of the gamers who contributed to make HOMM a great franchise by supporting it over more than 20 years.

Most likely if you never played any previous iterations, this may still be a "shiny" introduction to the franchise as it certainly has the best graphics and accessibility. Veterans of the franchise though may be wary/reluctant to buy this one (although for most it is too late I guess) and maybe the next iteration "VII".
 

wrathtribe
365 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2015
Love this game. I really do. But there are a few crippling things that mess with it. The game play is solid, the AI is challenging and you will be kept entertained for the entirety of the game if you can get over the few (but massive) hurdles involved with it.

Bugs Murder its' face, even a few years after it's release and they're not getting fixed. Black screens upon entering combat and there are no fixes for this other than to kill the application outright and start again.

it also requires the encroaching DRM software known as UPlay like many other Ubisoft games.
Uplay made me buy it twice :D Now i have two copies and I can't share one of them with friends! Thanks Ubisoft!

Uplay isn't the reason I don't recommend this game though, it's the bugs and absence of support from Ubisoft.

10/10 would twicebuy broken product again.
 

FoulSacrament
424 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2014
Would be wonderful game if there isn't that uPlay software needed to play. It's servers are often offline which causes all saves to be lost due to fact saved games are synced when you exit game.

But speaking strictly about game, I'm a big fan of HOMAM series from HOMAM2 (played all of them) and I must say, this one is very close to playability of HOMAM3 (which is the best for me personally). It also adopted something from HOMAM4 (good parts). Campaign is very nicely done (not really short, fun to play, story is fine).
In short, computer AI is not the worst, creatures are balanced and I must say, heroes and their leveling is really good.

If you're a fan of HOMAM3/4 and you think you can stand uPlay, my recommendation is: Go for it
 

gykor
251 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2016
Uplay piece of crap,can't even login... the app crashes! I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hate UPLAY & UBISOFT! Dumbasses!
 

intunerikuss
462 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
Not as good as 3, better than 4 and 5 imo.
 

Mixes
72 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2015
prety much homm like game but personaly it feals like not very sucesful experiment in tyrying to bring somthing new in series in some ways they suceeded (revised skill tree in my opinion) in other they failed hard (dynasty mechanism).
while story whas somath decent it did not intrest me like thos in homm 2,3 and 5.
bought it out of nostalgia and I am not regreting it but for others I sugest go for heroes 3 gog (not hd).
lets not even start on obligatory need for uplay
prety much for fans and colectors only...
 

Lusians
510 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2015
HoMM6 is altogether a solid installment in the series. For those who have been with the series for a long time, it's a bit of a mash-up between III and V. For the rest, I'll break it down into PROS and CONS, since I know that helps me when I'm looking through reviews at games.

PROS
- Separate campaign for each faction. You might not think it's a big thing, but it is. Very exciting for each faction to get their own story in some shape or form, for those who enjoy playing campaigns.
- Familiar but different resource management. Gone are the days of managing common resources (wood & ore) and a slew of uncommon ones (mercury, crystal, sulfur, gems)... plus your gold income. With VI we are down to just wood, ore, and crystal, and while it seems strange at first it actually balances out rather well.
- Forts and the ability to convert dwellings & towns to your own faction. No more hodge-podge army. Oh, and you can recruit all available units at any town you have that has the dwelling for it. So you don't need a train of 3+ extra heroes to keep bringing new units to your main.
- Skill points. Tons of options to customize your hero as they level, and while your might-based heroes can still take magic-based abilities, you tend to get more bang-for-your-buck sticking with the same theme.
- Champion units are CHAMPIONS. HoMM3 is great, but a glaring point that you cannot overlook is that some level 6 units were just better than the faction's level 7 (I'm looking at you, Necropolis). This installment has units divided into three "tiers": Units 1-3 are your Core units, 4-6 are Elite, and your 7 is your Champion. Within the same tier you won't see much power difference, but there are noticeable leaps between tiers, especially between Elite and Champion. Regardless of your faction, your Champion unit will be a force to reckon with.
- Melee units can damage walls in a siege! Yes, you read that correctly. Previously when laying siege, you relied on your range and fliers while your catapult took its sweet time bringing those walls down. No more! Send those ground-pounders in to beat down the gate with their bare hands.

CONS
- Skill points. The skills and abilities are so numerous that going through them to pick the one (1) you want to spend your point on for the level you just got might take a bit.
- Spells. WAY fewer spells than any previous HoMM installment. Spells are integrated into your skills as well, which will be confusing at first. You also don't have a Mage Guild in your town anymore, since spells are directly tied to your hero and faction.
- Interactives do not stand out well. Call it a side-effect of the nicer graphics the game is running, similar to HoMM5, but it is easy to miss interactive buildings and items on the map due to blending so well with the background.

In all a solid game that is most certainly worth your time if it's on sale. I see a lot of negative reviews because it installs and launches through Origin, but I cannot say I have ever run into a problem with it nor do I find it to be a hindrance to playing a game I enjoy.
 

Aerthos
296 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
243.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2014
This was the biggest letdown of it's year. I expected a great new arc in the genre.

But it's failed in so many ways, some up to personal opinion others less so. My opinion is based off of a comparison between this game and the games before it, Heroes III and V especially.

The first and the defining failure in this game is the lackluster abilities and function of the heroes. In it's predecessors Heroes III and V, they could gain great power and spells that both were and felt awesome, as well as unique for their factions and style.
Now, their abilities are all the same in the TWO different classes, and you'd be hard pressed to find any real difference between one hero and the next. They're called "Heroes" of Might and Magic, not Peasants of punches and fairy dust. Half the fun of the previous games was customizing a build with different schools of magic, but when all spells are "balanced" and every hero has the same there's no difference.

The game was littered with bugs upon it's release, since then it may have received updates that have fixed them.

There are only four resources. Once again, diversity and resource mechanics are taken out only to be replaced by a bland "everyone uses the same" resource called gold, wood stone and "crystals". Apparently, having different resources for different things is too hard.

As for personal opinions which is a matter that must be taken with a grain of salt:

The game seems very balanced to the point where similarities between the factions become too strong, and once again the diversity and innovation of the game is lost.

The gameplay is decent, although occasionally slightly sluggish.

Story's good, although very long. But that wouldn't be a complaint if one likes the game.

Heroes VI is terrible because it has taken exactly what was fun about it's predecessors, the customization of Heroes and gaining immense powerful units, and made them all the same, fair, balanced and utterly boring.
 

SirLarcelot
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
175.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2014
The best Heroes yet! I think the designers have finally removed most if not all the issues with the Heroes of Might and Magic series. (I have been playing since 1 back in the day). I have enjoyed this one the most so far. Let me list the issues with the last games and how they have been fixed in 6...
1) Crossing your fingers whenever you hero goes up a level, hoping you get the skill you are looking for. In 6 you may select any skill that you want. Of course some of them require other lower level skills and some have hero level limits.
2) I have 3 town and they are so far apart, it is going to take me a week just to combine my armies. In 6 the number of creatures you can buy per week is shared with all towns so as long as your town can build a certain unit you can recruit all of them. (Works with special building that give you bonus units as well).
3) Gosh the enemy took all my mines again and if I retake them I cannot get back to defend my town. (Not enough movement). In 6, you can take a mine for the turn if you leave your hero on it, but as soon as you leave control returns to the player who has the closest town.
4) Issue I have with 5 - Gee that phoenix has taken 3 moved before my Earth Elemental ever got a 1. How unfair. I lose no questions. (Unless I am the phoenix, in this case I hope you enjoy cheese). In 6 they do have the initiative bar but each unit only gets 1 move a turn. Much better, so yeah all my units might take an action before yours but only 1 action.
5) Wow that is the 3rd chain lightning in a row, magic is so much stronger than might... In 6 each spell has a cool down time, so no more chain lightning each turn until my 3000 units are toast. Most spells are every 3 turns.
6) Alright I am going to build a magic tower, cross fingers... Oh crap I already have all those spells... In 6 spells are hero abilities so you can pick whatever you want, no randomness.
7) (Not a issues but a cool new thing in 6) - Units have a might and magic attack and defense. Not just 1 value for attack and 1 for defense. So you can have the magic user who gets destroyed by the sword but spells / magic attacks do very little to him.

My only complaint so far has been the difficult, not that it is too hard but it is out of balance. 90% of the fights I can just hit auto combat and go have a cup of tea. But the "boss" battle at the end of the map usually requires my hitting next turn for a few weeks to get enough units to win. (This is after I exploed the whole map. Perhaps it is my style of play. I am an explorer not a rusher).
 

DrJones
127 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2018
Ubisoft have taken a title that was superb with the 2nd, 3rd and 5th installments of HOMM then ♥♥♥♥ on them. Honestly nothing but a disappointment that's worse designed than previous installments that are far, far older.

Get someone with passion to work on the game, rather than drag its name through the mud...
 

Rathenn
237 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2019
All I am going to say about this game is that there are still some technical issues that have NOT been addressed.
If I had not played more than 3 hours of this game I could have gotten a refund but I will still uninstall because it's
just acting as dead space on my PC.

LONG STORY SHORT..............IT DOESN'T WORK SO DON'T BUY IT
 

slynn71
21 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2011
fu, buy this.
 

Matteuus
185 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2013
I cant recommend this game because it uses third party DRM. The game itself is fine, but Ubisoft can take their DRM and shove it.
 

Infidel Castro
228 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2020
Product refunded

Couldn't even play it cause it won't open. 10/10
 

Purmble
246 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
I just bought the game and I can't play it. Beware that launching the game requires another service UPlay. I've tried multiple password resets to no avail.
 

Kuato
127 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2015
Uplay crashes immediately. Do not buy. Tell the operators of Steam to stop selling all Ubisofts games until they can fix it.
 

Russian
234 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
514.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
Bads:
1) Plays through UPlay
2) DRM
3) Not much of an online community left, you're better off playing with friends (hotseat option is available!)
4) The company announced it will no longer provide online updates,

Goods:
I really like this game, it's a fun fantasy turn-based strategy game with decent storylines (there are a ton of different campaigns to try, at least one per faction), good strategy combat, and a diverse skilltree for customizing your hero. It's well balanced, plenty of factions to play, and overall a fun experience for anyone who likes fantasy strategy.
 

KerChowPow
247 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2018
This game was why I vowed never to pre-order again. It has lost the magic from the older series, and has become a bland, shallow version of Heroes 3. As a fan of the older games, I found this one completely void of any replayability.
 

skinnyminx
159 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2015
Product refunded

Ubisoft's Uplay sucks


I learn my lesson on hard way....i refund this game

Btw ... the game is good but servers and the connection are horrible
 

Pantale00n
59 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2019
I bought this game a while back, and never got to play it. I've tried many different times to fix it, checked every FAQ I could find, every support site, even asked for help from a professional. Nothing I could do would fix my black screen on start up issue. And now that I've waited this long, I cannot get a refund. Definitely got burned by this purchase, I hope you guys don't make the same mistake.
 

QuirkyyTurtle
285 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2015
This game crashed my pc so hard, that it destroyed the video driver too.
I had to redownload it in a 640x480 window 256 colors.
Now i even have to reinstall windows again since my nvidia card is still shown as an error and i have blue stripes everywhere. if that doesn't work i have to buy a new graphic card, thanks ubisoft.

And sadly: no, this is not a joke.
 

Nyukn
513 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
Product refunded

bought this game and could not play it. should have read reviews before buying.
 

boo
180 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
Came back to this after not playing for a couple years. Spent 3 hours downloading and updating. UPlay crashed repeatedly. Uninstalled. Never got to play.
 

Banjo Mayhem
192 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
uplay is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥
 

Duct Tape
165 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2014
the game wouldnt start for me at the start it took days
 

Log1clly ☭
118 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2021
Won't work, stays at blank loading screen. There are fixes, no guarantee they'll work & it could take hours of trying.
 

Dark&Flame
128 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2021
Broke while installing and i fixed it.
Installed 3 things and one i had to signup for then it said my cd key is in use by some one else
 

Redeye
108 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2014
The game does not work as is. Once you download the full version, you still have a large patch to download! Once that is complete, it started another patch! It then made me sign up for multiple sites to be able to use the software. It then forces you to connect to the "Conflux" to be able to play a single player game yet the servers are never up. I have yet to ever get this game to work. All of the suggested ports are open and I have configured my firewall to accept the game and I have even tried turning it off. Nothing is wrong on my end. At this point, I really just want my money back.
 

Fish
762 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2015
I really wanted to like this game. I've played every single HoMM, and this one is the worst of the series in my opinion.

First thing, Uplay... So many things wrong with this.. The fact that you're basically forced to be online, or miss part of the game...
Online saves can't be saved on your machine and so CANNOT be continued offline... Who's the incompetent fool who thought it was a good idea????

Second, the AI... GOD THIS AI IS SO DUMB... I cast an ice storm on his ranged units, so for 3/4 turns, they will take dmg because the ai IS TOO DUMB TO MOVE OUT OF THE WAY. Same with every kinda traps you can think of. AI have a very simple pattern in how they attack and move their troops, and the precense of traps or ice storms in my case doesn't change their strategy.
A simple example. With haven, I left my sisters right behind 2 stacks of praetorians, but within range of the ai. Unapgraded sisters are useless yet the ai desperately tries to kill them. So he goes after the sisters, triggerring counterattacks from both praetorian stacks... resulting in a stupidily easy victory despite him outnumbering me 3 to 1...
That brings me to the second issue, AI's only way to pose a challenge is he WILL outgrow you no matter what you do. Even with 5 bases to 1 he will get more units than you, because developpers somehow couldn't design a smart AI so they just went and made him grow large armies to simulate difficulty.
Leading again to another problem. As a result, you cannot take your time to explore a map because you have to rush to defeat the ai before he does grow to large to have any hope of defeating... or in some maps you cannot afford to lose units in any battle cough *undead campaign* cough...

My next issue is more personnal, but I hate the new way you level your heroes and manage their spells and abilities. Really makes me feel like I have to grind my hero to get him the necessary abilities.

The current factions feel also less unique. I guess they attempted to balance them out (with more or less success) but now they feel more or less the same.

On the plus side, the story is rather interesting to follow, the graphics are good, and you can customize teams in multiplayer battles (and yes I hated that I couldn't make the teams in HoMM 5)

My advice is, take your favourite previous version or HoMM and stick to playing that one. Bought this on a sale and now I'm regretting it.
 

Brother Necro
168 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
128.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 3
It ran for a while...began hit and miss launching.... and now just crashes on loading.

i really want to love M&M but the whole franchise is mired in buggy software / crepe (!) 3rd party launchers and a total absence of developer support.

AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.
 

TheGeneral
213 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
209.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2021
If you are thinking about buying this game as of 2021, don't. Because of how Ubisoft, Uplay and all that mess is set up you can't just install the game and play it, you have to install and update Uplay and if you havn't Uplay already it's going to be a slog.
And even after all that there are issues with the fullscreen that YOU, not the game, has to work around to even get the game to play.
The game itself isn't that great either, honestly not worth the money or effort.
 

Grogar
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 25, 2021
I cant play this game since i bought it almost a year ago. Tried to download into 2 different gaming laptop but cant play too. i am really pissed. now Ubisoft online not available issue... totally nonsense!!
 

Lanpaji6769
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
42.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2021
Game doesn't start any more!
 

Sebslocker
90 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2021
Very buggy, currently the game will not run on my new PC.
 

MojaMonkey
144 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2021
game doesnt work
 

knaus.david1
49 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2020
Doesnt work tried everything keep getting errors or black screen, tried guides on how to solve it, but no use.
Very disapointing...
 

Gazuotas
9 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2020
Big disappointment. The game seems great, but through the gameplay it gets boring, You end up colllecting resourses for turns and turns untill an overpowerd enemy character shows up. Game over.
Don't buy
 

Pierstrazio
30 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
60.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2020
Yep reinstalled this after years. I guess I use a different Ubisoft account, and I just don't care. Don't make me use a different account Ubisoft. This is why I have steam.
 

Grammatar
171 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2020
The player protection and having to login to Ubisoft is not worth it. Too much effort to play a game that I bought and now can't just play. This publisher is horrible and deserves no players.
 

ORTHODOX
117 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2020
I dare say that this might be the best HOMM game out there.
It's basically HOMM3 with great graphics and some quality of life improvements. Story is also great, although I have finished only one campaign.
Solid game
 

DLCMZX
208 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
164.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2020
Having played through HoMM 1-3 then 5 and now this, I was hoping they would move forward with the game design. Alas, Ubisoft has taken what was a fantastic game under 3DO and presented a mangled end product. It's just lacking in every area. I see the direction some aspects have taken as simplification, such as only having Crystal instead of all the other resource types, but other decisions such as having mines automatically controlled by towns limits a players ability to harass those they can't outright fight. Also the options for gameplay are extremely limited with the AI being limited to stupid clairvoyant or cheating clairvoyant. They know when your heroes move too far away to protect your town even without exploring, so a simple town portal when they are close and they turn to run. It makes me wonder how they did better with the AI in Homm3 and managed to push this version out. The worst part is the lack of options for the AI, so there's no real work around.

EDIT - Having played through the campaign I will say they did a semi-decent job on that, but again, due to the lack of replayability because of the serious lack of AI, that's all there is to be done on this game.
 

Orsome
388 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2020
If you want a quick summary just scroll down.

So while you are reading this I don't have many hours on the game but don't let this distract you. I played Heroes 5, 6, 7 - my dad played all the parts and he showed me this in 2011 when it came out. I played the 5th part for at least 3000 hours as I played it every day 2 - 3 hours for 3 to 4 years. This part fascinated me a lot but when I firstly saw the 6th part I was totally shocked, but in a positive way, the graphics were amazing. Back then there were no town screens but now there are some, the campaign was pretty good, and the units had in my opinion the best design out of those 3 parts I played. Every unit has a unique ability and/or stats and every faction is different to play. Well you might be afraid to buy this game as it has bad reviews, but you will probably see that this is because they cannot start the game which can easily be done by opening the game folder, disable full screen and start the game as an administrator. Don't worry the game will launch in full screen. You may as well see that the most positive review have much more hours than the ones who are negative, The reason for this is that you can't simply play Heroes 6 or any other Heroes part like a normal game you play. No, you have to understand how each faction is played. It’s not the same to play as necromancers and as stronghold, they have both different technics and with time you will start to master them. If you are into strategy buy this game but if you are one of those people who give up on a game if they don't manage to succeed a level on the first try don't buy it, you will rage. The campaign has, as far as I know 22 levels, with each taking about two hours. Don't get me wrong but you won't do them all first try, except you watch some walkthrough, and even if you do that you may lose, as the walkthroughs are not how you play, but how the person who uploaded it plays. Even on normal difficulty it could take you far more than two hours to complete a level, due to the strength of the AI.

Summary: The game is really challenging and has good graphics, it hard to master but makes much fun there is a skill system, good combat mode, and all in all very well done.
 

Lordcinc
86 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2020
Product refunded

I refunded this game since it didn't managed to open. Saddly since is a entry that I've always wanted to play.
 

Don Dude
769 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
159.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2020
Keep crashing and there is no fix for it...
 

tamster1209
23 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2019
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that was abandoned before actual release
 

Wright1331
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2019
Just purchased Might and Magic VI, however it continues to force close. I have uninstalled and reinstalled with no change. Please assist in fixing this problem.
 

BarbedBullet
11 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2020
I wonder if people who were developing HoMM6 ever saw HoMM5. If they did, I see no excuses for them - my eyes are bleeding literally after a few hours in the game. Town screen is DISGUSTING after so beautiful HoMM5 one. Those towns looked impressive and epic. These look like someone was studying 3D Modeling by "Make yourself a 3D Modeller in 24 hours" book. The interface is not user-friendly, UX degraded. I am very disappointed. Thanks God I bought that one like 5 years later with like 80% discount. That soothes the pain at least.
 

Red MAK
248 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
125.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2020
Out of Sync bug makes multiplayer impossible. good game for hot seat or just story if you are bored but multiplayer is where this type of game is made and it just does not work.

Edit: apparently you can even get disconnected in hot seat mode as well.
 

Dimentia McCrea
157 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
144.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2020
I generally like the game when it isn't buggy. The campaigns have some good variety. I generally like the design. But the problem are the various bugs especially given the game is no longer being patched.

Various bugs...
1) Black screen on startup
2) Campaign quest bugs
3) Buggy abilities and items which can cause serious problems
4) Infrequent crashes

Aside from the crashes, consulting forum posts and walkthroughs the game can be made to work, but it's like dodging landmines to play through it. I liked the gameplay and think the various factions have some interesting variety so it's kinda sad they left it in such a buggy state. In short, if you are a fan of HoMM games, it's probably worth it if you are willing to put in the legwork to get around the problems. There is a lot of game to play. Just wish I didn't have to jump through so many hoops to do that.
 

RWarehall
12,522 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2019
It's a good game, but sometimes it glitches out. i was playing a game versus AI, just to relax and unwind. things were going great, got three towns, a fort, and a crap ton of resources. but for whatever reason, even though i should of been getting 5 blood crystals a day, as well as 25-30k gold a day, the game would not give it to me. so the enemy hero had a huge ass army, and i had about 4 weeks worth of creatures i couldn't buy in my barracks... maybe the game was making the AI win? or maybe it was a glitch, i dunno, but it still kind of pisses me off.
 

Deluxious
47 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
95.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2019
I am a fan of Heroes Might & Magic series. I started my journey with version III. Recently, I mainly focused on VII, as it is my favorite one. I mainly use HotSeat option, this is actually the main reason why I love and play this game series over and over again. Lately, I went back to play VIth, as there are some features that make this version truly unique.

Best in version VI:
+ One-of-a-kind artwork!
+ Graphics that do not get old fast are truly beautiful! Bravo for designers!
+ Heroes customization and skill tree leads to one reaction from my side -> WOW!
+ Sanctuary faction is amazing addition to the game that adds value and a taste of something new.
+ Combat animation looks great.
+ The creatures in tactic mode stays the same, as you put them in a previous battle.
+ On the battle map, there are different statues or places that give you moral, mana, etc. which is a nice addition.

Can be improved in VI:
- There is no map creation feature! It is outrageous! I had to look for a site where people created and shared their maps. For someone who mainly concentrates on HotSeat function, this is a very important element in the game.
- Lots of minor bugs, thanks God the loading time is very fast and can be fixed easily.
- The combat map seems smaller, which limits the strategy of the fight. It seems like even the slowest creature can cross the combat map in 2 turns.
- There are only 4 types of resources, making it too simple. I prefer version III or VII where different factions depended on different resources, adding more sense for the trade between players.
- The "restart battle" option is not available for Multiplayer, but it doesn't make sense for HotSeat mode.

Verdict: I do recommend to buy and play this game. My final grade is 8 out of 10.
 

zietek2
124 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2018
Another user running Windows 10, another user who can't launch the game. Glad I got about 6 frustrating months out of this one before it stopped working!
 

DarkSi08
276 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2018
no simultaneous very bad game generaly clunky
 

Volomydyr Zelinsky
282 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2018
Garbage, play any other game in the series. End this torment of a game.
 

Dankzilla :^)
400 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
152.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2018
Used to be a good game. Don't buy it if you have NVIDIA Graphic card. Just. Not. Even. Don't. Try. To.
 

Spirit Alpha
48 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2017
I'm a big fan of the heroes series but this game is very buggy. Everytime I try to explore out of town everything gets really dark, to the point you can't even play it
 

mr.anthracis
68 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2016
Can i have my money back please?

( 10~ something tf keys, as i recon )
 

Ferdinant
125 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
180.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2019
The Heroes franchis has been a large part of my childhood and after seeing the failiur of the seventh game I can safely say that this is quite enjoyable but if you're picking one up just to test it out get the fifth or third one first.
 

SergeiLNL
180 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2017
Nice game when it works.

Random black screens in about 1 of 4 battles are common and apparently they may appear on comps with Nvidia graphic cards. You have to leave the game (alt-tab, etc), start again, load a save; I find it a game breaker. I tried all kind of fixes other than changing my graphic card, they dont seem to work.

If you dont mind adapting your hardware to their software (as they can't be bothered to change the software) buy it, otherwise avoid.

 

mrjohnb
262 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2017
so when i first bought this game i got it on sale with the expansion pack. now whe i first opened it the main game didnt play i thought "maybe i have to play the tutorial to unlock it" i spent 4 hrs in game compleating the turtorial then went to go play the main game still not unlocked. i contacted UBISOFT to see what they could do to help me out i then ended up loggin 2 more hrs ingame trying to fix it and never got it working so i gave it a while maybe a bug and needed to wait for a patch its months later and STILL nothing and if i want the main game i need to spend another $20 when ive already put $40 into it for all the DLCs....... and i cant recieve a refund......... HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER the game macanics were decent i mysef enjoyed the tutorial and was hoping to enjoy the full game... now im thinking about just playing the dlcs so i can have some fun but it still sucks ass that i cant play the main ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
 

Little Gremlin
113 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
393.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2017
One of the best might and magic story lines.
.Legacy weapons was a pleasant feature (weapons that level up with heroes experience and grant unique passive abilitys and spells)
.And Blood(Evil) and Tears(Good) reputation (based on your game play that affect the storyline your appearance and abliltys)
.The choices that affect game play eg (banish/execute) was also a nice touch giving you massive control in the story line
However loading auto saves does make edge scrolling stop working
 

Requiem
45 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2015
Not sure what all the complaints are about, other than they were a few months back but everything runs smoothly now. Fun strategy game with an alright story.
 

Violating Uncle
536 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2015
Too much drm to play the game with all of it's features. you need an always online internet connection and the game will kick you back to the start menu if you lose your internet for more then a few seconds.
 

•̫̀●́ America_Yea
517 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2015
have not been able to play this game one time sice i bought it uplay servers are either down or dont even work this is great if you like wasting money.
 

randomrpghole
535 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2015
There are alot of problems with the login and stay connected with this game.
 

Nyregikt
329 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
Cant even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ get the game started because Uplay keeps crashing i want my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ money back or im never buying another piece of ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft product again.
 

Saltt
297 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
i so badly want to play this game but the stupid ubisoft login crashes averytime i try to login i wish i could recommend this game but looks like i cant, it is unnplayable
 

Salt&Light
18 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2016
As a game it's like a 5/10 with more bugs than a bethesda sandbox game. Considering the Uplay requirement it's a -10/10. I play offline a lot and that is impossible with uplay. When I play with the internet connected the uplay app is constantly sending packets back and forth. I don't know what exactly the point of them is, but it's significantly more than any other background application, usually beating all others combined. I don't trust ubisoft to begin with so that made this game something that will probably sit in my library for the rest of time.
 

Infinite
194 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2015
If i just had read the comments before which ALL report the same problem: after downloading and installing (AND PAYING OF COURSE!!!) the game, it just doesnt start a single time. there is no solution to this prob, you dont get ur money back.
so if u buy this pile of sh** here on steam, u literally burn ur money for nothing but lost time and anger.
trust the comments and dont buy, steam doesnt help you either, steam just ignores that it sells a well known broken game for real money.
im negatively shocked by this whole XP
 

letsBetYOUquit
15 products in account
3
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2015
Except uplay this game is great. I love it, except uplay !!! I think we don't really need uplay and in the futur i will surely not buy games with this s... sorry! I play Hmm since the 3 and I recommande this game if you like the genre. Really immersive and fun.
 

majestic
20 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2014
Extremely dissappointed with the proprietary software needed to play the game. I bought this last year and have not even played it a single time due to the requirement to uplay or whatever crappy software that is needed to play the game. Shame on companies which add on extra garbage like this and force players to use it. I'll stick with Heroes V.
 

Diphrael
170 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2014
games doesnt work most of the time and freezes the computer. have to revert all video cards drivers to old outdated ones to even play not worth the hassle, shame.
 

Flick'N'Lick
171 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2014
Ubisoft..
 

budbrain
217 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
136.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2014
Perdeu um pouco para os M&M anteriores, mas continua bom...
 

jbagao2
39 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
212.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2014
Attention: BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME, be advised: it is severely bugged for Nvidia systems and developers have not solved this issue which is standing since 2012. The bug crashes the game or makes screen black when opening town screen or starting a battle.

I advise you to buy it only if:
- You have a non-Nvidia video card
- The game is on a cheap sale
- You save often and don't mind restarting the game every time it crashes.
- You are a die-hard fan (but in this case I'm sure you would have already bought it before)

If you love this type of games, try Heroes of Might and Magic V, it doesn't have the severe crash bugs and it's even more fun than the VI.
 

javo01
673 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
47.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2014
So let me say up front that I'm only playing this in single player.
Issue #1: The game is buggy and the U-Play service has caused a lot of single-player game disconnects for me which wipe recent progress. It is the service which is having the issue, I check my internet right after issues and its rock solid. The U-Play service has some interesting ideas on offer, but overall I just don't want the hassle in what I am using as a single player game.
Issue #2: The game feels like a slog. At first I thought I was just bad at the combat, but then I realized that you can trivialize every encounter by just chilling out for weeks at a time recruiting units so you can wipe the other guys out with more numbers. It just eats up a lot of actual time and it feels like there are a lot of things added so that the game will actually be longer.
Issue #3: Again, just doing single player, but the storylines are not engaging. Most of the time I just want the characters to shut up.
 

Dude
1,135 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
85.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2014
Fun combat, garbage story line.
 

The Leetelite
305 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2014
To my steam friends who have this on their wishlist, do not buy this game.

Just go to the game's main page and look at other player's reviews.

I played the ♥♥♥♥ out of HOMM II and was excited to get this game on sale before researching it at all.

I have yet to start the game after troubleshooting for a good 4 hours. ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft, ♥♥♥♥ uplay, will no be buying anymore ubisoft titles.
 

Omni
135 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
346.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2014
I am really enjoying this game and once past the launching issues it has runs fine, I really don’t like the fact that I was forced to use UPLAY as a second DRM but oh well its a good game in any event.

If you do buy or have this game and wish to avoid the launching issues before you install the game on steam download UPLAY and make a account then activate the game key in UPLAY. This way when you do install on steam you shouldn’t have the game launching issues to correct :)

Also in UPLAY settings disable the UPLAY overlay because if you dont it will conflict with the steam overlay.
 

Yiratsura
592 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2014
I didn't like this game one bit, but I figured "You know what? Maybe I'll give it another shot just to see if my first impressions were a bit rough."

Unfortunately, I'd moved over to a laptop, and Ubisoft basically said "Hey, ♥♥♥♥ laptop users, we won't have a glitch fix for the black screen that comes up with your FEEBLE GRAPHICS CARD"

1/10
 

Mr. Creaux
307 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
48.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2014
I've always been a fan of the HoMM series, and most fans (myself included) liked HoMM3 the most. This one came closest to the the style of the original HoMM3 but with better graphics.


UPDATE: It is 11/30/2020 and I got a new PC with way higher specs and apparently this game just decided to not even run anymore...
 

JERRY
65 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
93.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2014
Game really good, but Conflux... Almost all campains I was kicked 5x/h ;/. Waste of money, dont pay for Ubisucks
 

Marcinmagik
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
188.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2014
great game
 

MyKyller PT
294 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
113.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2014
Very fun to play if you have no Dota.
 

にゃんぱすー
126 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
98.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2014
Best sequel since HoMM III
 

Gavranche
275 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2014
I avoided this game since release because of Ubi DRM but after it got installed with Far Cry 3 I got Heroes 6 too, and am happy playing it! Heroes 6 is probably the best in series (with 3 and 5 close behind)
 

infid3l
481 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
89.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2014
I have bought Heroes 6 in 2011 .
( How much I had suffered problems with the game and patches at the time - I will not tell, it's not about that. )
So, have a Uplay account and a lot of hours played enough in the original campaign Heroes 6 (not yet completed ) and pumped dynasty.
Decided to buy addition Shades of Darkness on Steam. Bought .
Tried to activate the key in the game - is unsuitable . OK.
Tried to activate the key in Uplay - key activated and offered to install Steam version. OK.
Launch Steam version - the game starts , but the game has no achievements ! Dynasty - 1st level !
In fear, i run original, not Steam version - and...no achievements , no saved games ! Dynasty - 1st level !
Deleted the Steam version - the original version does not run ! (error message). Damn!
Deleted the original version .
Install the original version and patches again - 1.8 + 2.1 + 2.1.1 .
And !
NO saved games !

Thanks, Ubi!

P.S.
(steam version already deleted)
Wanted to write a review of the game and got the message:

You should use this product for at least 5 minutes before writing a review on it (4 min.).

Just not my day ...

Installed steam version again to get 1 minute.
Deleted soon.
And finally, write a review.
 

painkeeper
81 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 7

Recommended
95.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2014
I've grown up playing Heroes, and I have to say - this version is stupendous. They brought back classic elements that were stripped from players in IV and V, and overhauled the interface. The community HUB is a nice touch, giving players access to other players who are also playing, the cross hero artifacts are a nice bonus too, allowing me to play with any hero I want and still increase their strength. The more I play, the stronger I'll get!

The animations have been improved from V, and the voice acting is a lot better too!

The load times are much improved also, and the time waiting for enemies to finish their turns is faster now too.
One downside is U-Play. Not very happy that I need to load U-Play to play the game when I bought it and play it through steam. Besides that, it's a worthwhile game to play!
 

Skrem=VX9=
219 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2014
Just like old Homm 3, but different.
 

omgat0r
137 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2014
Too buggy multiplayer.
 

Mank
203 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2014
This game is very good, i had no problems to run it, and the Dungeon DLC is a must-have in my opinion. (Win 8.1)
 

Omega_Win_7
250 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
60.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2014
Multiplayer not working, constantly out of sync error and games wont load.
 

Sartan
724 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2014
why does steam not tell you in the requirments section that you need to sign up for a third party program to run it that i find most troubling
 

yourherealready
203 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2013
Would not recommend. Ubisoft seem to think they can borrow from Blizzard and make this an ORPG AND couple with the embarrassing Uplay... don't waste your money.
 

Gunnerflux
110 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
Took several days for the key issue to get resolved. And a couple hours of headaches. Beware of Uplay. So far it seems better than 5.
 

Felknar
270 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
191.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2014
This game is fantastic.
Reasonable difficulty and learnign curve. In fact, this installment was the most interesting heroes games ever for me (yes including heroes 3 as well).

I am sad that the original game developer did not went very well (bankrupt right before the launch of the game) but I can feel a lot of hard work they put in in this game. I hope they come up with next heroes game, and hopefully without the uplay feature, which was not liked by many gamers. For myself, I had no problem playing heroes 6 with uplay feature on.
 

Endless Galactica
923 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2014
awesome game with a variety of tribes and units which at the same time provides u with an epic experience and and alot of combos in spells and tactics .Generaly a game with alot of stratedgy involved and when played with friends can be hilarius :D
 

Stevelisk
47 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2014
A fun, intuitive and challenging game, Heroes VI is my favourite in the series. The graphics are BEAUTIFUL and the real-time battle models look astounding. Battles are a mix of complicated turn-based, chess-like gameplay, with interesting, game-changing abilities. The maps are fun to explore and are filled with treasure and plenty of monsters to fight. One thing worth noting is the difficulty of the campaigns. The AI are smart and aggresive. So if you are are a fan of being able to say, "I've finished this game, good luck at doing it yourself", then you will really enjoy this. Heroes VI is also great fun to play against friends. It features a hot-seat gametype which can be tedious if you don't like waiting for your slow friend, though the AI in Custom Game will be a worthy, oppenent in an actual player's stead. So, if you are a fan of expansive, challenging strategy games or enjoyed the other games in this series, this should be an memorable experience.
 

J.Mac
289 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2013
Homm would be great game ... catches all the good stuff form the previous parts.

But since the publisher is ubisoft, ull need another drm, uplay, and sad that, ubisoft stopped the support for homm 6 one year ago, "the game is fully patched now, and theres no more need to deliver furhter updates to the game".

Wrong, so wrong. Still lots of bugs in the game, they even didnt re-adjust the campaing difficulty after they did big changes to the game balance. Result is, that without sticking exactly to game guides, u wont even be able to pass the tutorial campaign (which is no real tutorail campaign, since there is noone explaining u the game). So the campaign skill-tree is broken, tutorial campaign is now the hardest in the whole game. The worst thing about the game though is the big number of crashing causing issues, that are still not fixed. So ull have to play some battles twice or tripple, before u can proceed without an game crash.
 

^Q^
113 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2014
Ubisoft has some disfunctional DRM called Uplay, and there's something else called "Conflux" that doesn't work and you can't connect to. So multiplayer doesn't work, and there's chunks of the campaign which are tied into Conflux so doing them is just a waste of units.

I filed a support ticket over the break, and I imagine they're backlogged, but it's day 5 and there's not even a 'We're still looking into it' or anything.
 

Kryzz Arcanos
297 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2014
This game is so cool! It reminds me of the good ol' heroes III with newer units and races, and It's far more balanced in heroes IV , since the hero itself could not move out to the battlefield to fight anymore. Strongly recommended, thumbs up Ubisoft!
 

32 Flash
82 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
Play nr.3 is su much better :D
 

≴⋖α® ¿i¤
160 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
394.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
Sweet
 

Zero Signal
275 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2013
Comes with UPlay for what ever half assed, pants on head retarded reason.

Avoid like the plague.
 

Cabal
203 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
143.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2013
Lots of fun if you enjoy strategy based games
 

arthasisop
296 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2013
I had a lot of fun with all the different strategies and character creations. All the different maps are a bonus, and the music is pretty relaxing too. Just play it you know you want to!
 

Sqrl_Not_Moose
195 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
180.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2012
Funish game, but the UbiSoft UPlay blows donkey ♥♥♥♥♥.
 

Alabrax
311 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2012
Köp detta om du vill bli förbannad på Ubisoft och DRM.
 

Kandidaten
202 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
76.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2013
Disclaimer: I have only played the single-player portion of the game.

Recaptures the feel and subtle complexity of the original Heroes game while adding larger tactical combat maps, additional inventory options, zones of control and swapable buildings in the cities. The biggest weakness is the game's interface which can seem a bit awkward. Overall, I'd recommend it, especially on sale. Beware, however, as the game uses (and requires the installation of) Uplay, Ubisoft's DRM system.
 

internetsdave
682 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2013
Well... I enjoyed playing the first three titles of the series, and was looking forward to reenjoying it with modern day graphics during the fights. What I got was nice for the first start, playing a little bit, but then I had that Nvidia graphics bug, and since them I'm only able to play with minimum details. A disappointment to say at least, I thought I still might give it a try, and started to play the single player campaing. There, you play nicely, until you find that you seriously can't beat the opponent, since he constantly has more units than you, generates them quicker (even if you conquer his spawn buildings outside his castle), and then you figure you can't beat him. That's when I quit playing. Now I'll uninstall it and see another 10€ fly out the window. If this would have been a boxed game I would be considering sending it back for a refund...
 

Fantaskarsef
167 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
245.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2013
Best heroes yet! The story form the different campain intertwine spectacularly! Game play is the best yet! Each faction is pretty well balanced. I can't even pick a favorite! The dynasty system adds an even more exciting twist the the series! Awesome!
 

Scote
365 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
196.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2012
The best!
 

Mepler
408 products in account
3
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2012
I. Love. This. Game.
 

King Omnis AKA #1 moo mesa Fan
940 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2017
Ended support, so this game sucks.
 

onigakuhito
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2011
Don't buy this game!!!! I have tried playing the game multiplayer 3 times and it has crashed all 3 times. It loses snyc and exits the game. Autosave doesn't work on multiplayer either. Ubisoft has not released any information about them working on a patch or even if they are aware of the problem. The multiplayer game isn't as good as Heroes V. No ghost mode, no simultaneous turns and you must create a multiplayer account to play multiplayer too. I'm a big Heroes fan, but this game looks to destroy the franchise.
 

Silent Ranger
154 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
94.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2012
I heard lots of bad things about heroes VI, but good ones too. So I didnt bought em right away (missing city views in original release version really disapointed me) but ever since they re-imlemented citie views with patch 1.5 game really seems nice. (if we dont count silly u-play system)... but if you like turn based fantasy strategies, or you are just Heroes serial freak like me :P then it is worth it !!!
 

MadZec
1,228 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2011
More of a return to form for the series with good 3D graphics not distracting from the gameplay like they did in V. Well balanced units and a more RPG approach to managing your characters plus interesting new multiplayer and community ideas make it a revival of an old classic.
 

UnKnown Player
938 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
403.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 10, 2016
The game crashes frequently. The dialog and voice acting are terrible. The backstory is not explained, so you have no idea who anyone is, or what is going on.

Heroes 3 was by far the best game in the series. They keep getting worse and worse with each new release. Don't waste your money on Ubisoft games.
 

SloppyNick
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
80.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2018
Ubisoft really didn't do a good job here. Thir platform is a bad Steam ripoff. The game itself features really imbalanced things available for those who play enough. Bugs and glitches married to bugs and glitches giving birth to new bugs and new glitches right in front of your very eyes. Buy this game if you enjoy looking at insect coitus.
 

Norik
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2018
Product refunded

Did not work from the start. Did everything the devs told me to for two days straight - no change. Refund Requested & Accepted - Thank you Steam. Ubisoft fix your games
 

kanizzle0
60 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
275.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2019
When it works, this game is actually pretty fun. However, there are numerous known game breaking bugs that Ubisoft has decided not to fix. At this point, it's also very clear that Ubisoft has decided not to fix them, rather than they haven't found them, because dedicated fans have found workarounds for a large number of them. I would love to recommend this game, because a lot of things from game play to dynasty building is pretty fun, but I can't. Do yourself a favor, and just go find a copy of Heroes 3 Complete.
 

Jonnyseegs
77 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
96.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2020
Buy heroes of might and magic 5 instead. Thank me later.
 

priamossz
224 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
639.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2014
This game is fun as ♥♥♥♥. Uplay blows ass.
 

Dravad
117 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2019
game just doesnt start and everything for it has been shut down
 

sks_is_a_good
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
125.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2019
Garbage. A textbook lesson in how to destory a cherished franchise. Buggy. No support. Doesn't run on most machines. No refund. If you can get it to actually work, the pacing and strategy are terrible.
 

roop
42 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2018
game doesn't work....works when i first bought it but not at the moment
 

3DYt
1 product in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2018
Crashes on startup, and PC can't be recovered without rebooting. Need to modify config every time you want to play to Windowed mode. And he problem from what I found is half a year old.
 

IndeX
222 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
466.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
I honestly love this game. Its my second-most played game until now.

And I cant play it thanks to uplay.
 

Seio
359 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
161.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2020
I have played all HMM games 1-7 (yes, 7 is out now, plus new expansions), and they all have their pros and cons. I really liked the campaigns on this one and a bunch of other cool things they did with heirloom weapons and stuff like that. Great game in a line of classic PC games - this is the series that defined a genre of gaming, and this is a solid title in the line - not perfect and without its flaws, but good enough for many hours of fun.
 

Mad Mike
92 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2014
Personally I find this to be the best HoMM game since the 3rd, don't really get the bad rep it got which seems to be aimed mostly towards uplay rather than the game itself, it's a shame.

Unlike HoMM 5 the maps aren't nearly as linear (which was my biggest issue with the 5th entry)

Neither have I run into too many bugs other than the camera-bug which makes me unable to look around with my mouse and having to nagivate with the arrow-keys instead (only a reboot seems to fix this from my experience) but fortunately it doesn't occure too often.

Unlike the 3rd one you don't have the whole RNG randomness of skills whenever a hero lvls up, instead you get this RPG-esque option to put out talent points into either Magic or Might. The balance doesn't seem to be all there neither, might is a far superior choice over magic from what i've seen and the factions seems to be a bit unbalanced as well. There are less resources to think about, etc. You can also not steal mines in the same way you could previously since they are all connected to the owner of the nearby town so it's a bit less micro-heavy than previously as well. For some this might be a big issue.

While the overarching story might not be anything amazing (neither was any of the previous installment's stories) I still enjoyed the campaign a great deal, playing from the different perspectives of Duke Slava's children, one for each faction.

And honestly if you are into the story that much I'd recommend going for the Might & Magic series instead.

All in all, It's a fun game if you can look past the whole double-DRM thing and some changed core features such as less resources and how the whole territory-war works.
 

Robin
612 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
I loved Heroes III back in the day. It was interesting, well polished, and well balanced. This game was none of these. I have not played enough Heroes games to say this definitively but from what I have read this game marked the turning point in the franchise. I do not recommend playing this game.
 

nimh
207 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2016
The big regret of my library. So many technical problems. Won't even start.
 

Steelwoolsheep
225 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
94.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
game UMPLAYABLE want a refund
 

Ripya
127 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
139.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2014
Not as good as 3 or 5 but still pretty fun.
 

RobottiLasse
143 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
В игру даже интерфейс запилить забыли.
 

Nahakieri
662 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2017
Bought this game and can't play it because uplay consistently fails to launch and/or log in.
 

themasterkser
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2015
Poor code/design - Regret buying -

It keeps crashing at random points of the game, extreamly frustrating.
It too requires a Steam account, then a Uplay account and then connect to Cornex just to load the game.
 

T(L)mmy
98 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
41.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2014
Ok here we go:
After instalation Uplay don't start - needed manual instal, check
Game crashed after launch, check
Game crashed during tutorial mission loading, check (who made this crap - game blocks task manager, only option is to restart PC)
game crashed 2 times during tutorial for no aparent reason, check
with Uplay in offline mode you can't do a thing, check.
Total time spend: 2 hours. Total gameplay time: 15 minutes.

Maybe making it work is game main quest?
 

Pinkflare
166 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
494.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
I bought this to play with my girlfriend and my friends. Biggest thing to happen was "Out of sync" error, which occurs during multiplayer and forces you to close your game on the spot. Brought this up with Ubisoft tech support and they told me to port forward my router. They gave me the ports, I went and updated my router ports as such. Still no dice - "Out of sync" still occurred. Responded with this information to the tech support and he replied "we're working on this issue... you will be emailed with any updates on this matter."

Never heard back and that was 6 months ago. Screw this game. It would've been fun if there weren't so many stupid errors. How hard is it to design a turn-based strategy game to make it functionable? 3dO did it in the past with the earlier Heroes of Might and Magic games, and they configured it for the apple products as well!

So I guess it's not the game that's bad, it's the company supplying/supporting it: Ubisoft. This is my official review.
 

Loffel
71 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
80.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2012
The absolute best the series has to offer, Might & Magic Heroes VI is an instant classic for me. If you've never played the Heroes games, essentially it's a vivid medieval fantasy world where noble humans, towering demons, ghastly undead and an array of other factions all clash together to fight their way to victory on a living, breathing chess board. Unlike chess, though, the combat is a rush, with each unit having its own set of skills, strengths and weaknesses.

This installment also features the most extensive multiplayer suite yet, with some very exciting features like character persistence, customisation and some very dynamic maps to play on. Definitely recommended, even from someone who rarely appreciates turn-based strategy.
 

Panzerstorm
591 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2015
I played Heroes II III IV V and currenlty playing VI.
it is amazing and I love it , love the story and the characters . but still Find V my most favorite because it is III with better graphics thats all . I wish they will Create heroes All starts just a game where u have all characters in one and all army's so I can create archangel in the game (from heroes III) and my FOE can make seraph :) they both from different time like 1000 years different in the game timeline but still will awesome to have that maybe Heroes VIII
 

FIDO
165 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2013
You should buy this game if you are a fan of fantasy or hero build-up games.
 

Educeatuz
365 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
104.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2021
This would be a really fun game if it wasn't for the completely lopsided creature numbers the AI comes up with, even on the easy setting....it's crazy and very disheartening.
 

hampton113066
65 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2021
For many years, I was avoiding the HOMM6 for the bad reviews, and I'm so sorry for doing that. Do not listen to reviews if you love this franchise!
 

DZP
224 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2019
Worse than all of the previous HoMM titles (I played HoMM 2-6). Also it seems much more difficult than the older titles.
 

Bruce Force
100 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
87.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2019
Waste of money. Never load properly for me. I got logged for playing this game for 85+ hours but in reality this never loaded for me. Sad since I played the original first few generations of this title.
 

Maxador
118 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2019
This game started out great, I really enjoyed the combat and story-line, but then the campaign abruptly ended after 2 maps ('tutorials'), and I realized that the main campaign is locked. There doesn't seem to be a way for me to unlock the main campaigns, because the Steam list says I already have it in my library. Looks like tons of people have had issues with locked content. Really sad.
 

adorerofblood
225 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2018
Product refunded

The game looks really promising, but you will need internet connection to play single player, otherwise Ubisoft disables the content. I solved the commonly experienced black screen issue, but was unable to connect to the Ubisoft server (Conflux). Without this connection I could not even try out the game. Same issue was mentioned in many 5-6 year old posts and looks like it remained unsolved.

~1,5 hours lost & refunded.
 

Xerphatos
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
166.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2016
New to the Series? This game is a good starting point!

Worried about the User Review? The game had a horrible launch with connection issues, bugs and so on... but it was years ago.

Story and Lore ? I liked it, the graphics + music + voice acting + decent story, can be pretty immersive.

Gameplay? Pretty standard, if you a heroes vet you might not like it. Because some simplifying of features has been done, but on the other hand they added some other things, like a progress system, for your account and for special weapons.

Why to bother with a review this late? Because overall i enjoyed this game and it makes me sad seeing 49% review rate... its like a heavy scar that the game will always carry on for the mistakes of the past, if i would guess i think this game would have sit on 80% rate at least if it was released at its current state.

Something to be aware of although :

Dont buy this for the multiplayer, its pretty much dead.

And it seems that some people are still experiencing problems, i had zero of those and i think that 99% of the problems can be fixed, just need to understand how, but its definitely something to consider before getting the game. If you never had issues with Ubisoft or fixed any you had then i dont think you will have any with this game either.
 

kresa
183 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2014
Bought the game and entered all the codes and the game tells me the content is locked until I entered the codes but when i try doing it again it says they're already bound to the account

tl;dr
Bought game,game tells me I didn't
 

Kalimuri
350 products in account
4
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
141.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
The game itself is great fun, but UPlay has pretty much destroyed the game's playability. Additionally, there have been significant, game-breaking issues with certain video cards that have persisted for OVER A YEAR without a fix. I cannot recommend this simply due to game-breaking issues that are not addressed by the devs.
 

jono
532 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
65.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2019
This game has launched into a black screen every time.
Im yet to play this game, not even once.
 

[FC] Slide
267 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2013
Good game. Nice graphics, reasonable story. Can be a bit of a grind, and wish there were steam achievements, but all round a great buy during the sale.
 

MattDP
419 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It has a ton of issues. I cannot even get this game to launch without immediately freezing. AVOID AVOID AVOID. I am not the only person who has this issue, and Ubisoft is not interested in helping anyone with these problems.
 

haunted
477 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2016
As a huge fan Of the wonders 3DO created, this is plain ♥♥♥♥.
the combat cinamatics gets annoyin really fast, the story seems rushed and predictable, and just no.
if you expect this crap to be on par with homm, youre sadly mistaken. the game died with 3DO
 

Calcio Sovn
74 products in account
3
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Requiring an always online DRM, still unfinished after years of development, MMH6 is a prime example how NOT to develop & manage games within a renown franchise. It was given to a cheap developer with zero experience only to be given to someone else because of all the f**k-ups including bugs causing disappearing online rewards, swapping of all achievements with your opponent and the like.

This game is the single reason why I will never again buy an Ubisoft game on release (and even at a 75% discount, I still hesitate). It left a sour taste in my mouth back when it was released, ruining one my favourite franchises of all time.
 

Kloss
1,168 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2017
This game is great when you are able to play it, but with U play constantly disconnecting and losing your save data, it's more frustration than anything. I didn't pay to be frustrated. There is no reason why this game requires an always online for a single player game. Sometimes, you can't even log into Upay, When this happens, you cannot play the game. UBsoft will blame the problem on your poor internet connection, but I have no problem with Steam or watching Youtube while I wait to play this game. I bought this game awhile ago, stop playing due to frustration. Came back years later, and problem has not gotten any better. Really not worth it. I really did try to make this game work. it is such a shame that this game cannot be played appropriately. It says I have 1.8 hrs, but really 70-80% of it was trying to get the damn thing to run. I do not recommend this game becouse you will just be frustrated.
 

Azrael
240 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2017
This game is unplayable on this platform.

I've tried numerous times to no avail, and I'm not even able to get to the title screen of this game.

Required to make a ubiplay account upon startup, but the servers are consistently down. Their webpage is still up, still active, you're able to make an account there, but it requires you to download and use a Uplay system, which is Ubisoft's gaming platform. Ok done. Finally it asks you for double-verification, and wants to you download a googleplay ap on your phone, to use the double verification feature.

All to play a game purchased on the steam platform.

Refund denied. Sadly, this is a lemon steam is offering. I'm a big fan of the Heroes series.
 

Green Lantern
118 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
172.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2016
I don't understand why so many negative coments.
Played over 120 hours and I got 2 or 3 disconnects. Every time because i had internet issues.
Not a maniac with Heroes series. I play only single player campaigns.
Just finished the third campaign (Sanctuary) and probably I will finish the whole 6 campaigns and buy the DLC's as well.
 

doicromoy
111 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2015
price was reasonable but to use you have to tie into uplay site and entry code key once using cut and paste and then write down code key because after it loads you need to again enter code key by typing to confirm you bought any add ons What a %$%%^^ Pain
 

JRobb
149 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
This game is R2W (Rush To Win) and I decided to remake my review to mention it better.

Either immediately go for objectives (and don't explore or do extra battles) or fail missions because of losing some troops early on while the enemy gains more each turn. I'd rather play AoW.. and I also want my money back!
 

Nomine
1,395 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
833.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2019
A good iteration of the franchise, marred by the steam(ahem)ing pile of garbage called UPlay (and the in-game Conflux). Why would anybody think its a great idea, having to go through one layer of DRM (Steam) only to be presented with even more restrictive and unstable DRM after? I would also ask you to read other reviews about problems with Conflux and how you will get randomly kicked out of SINGLE PLAYER games every time you internet connection glitches (Australia represent!).

It's still an enjoyable game otherwise, and I still played the hell out of it. One just has to accept that it's a different game compared to the previous iterations. As a player since the 2nd installment, it's quite devastating what Ubisoft has done (is doing..) to the franchise.

I'm torn between between giving a positive or negative review, but since I have been boycotting UPlay games on steam, I vote for a negative. If you get it directly from Ubi, at least you'll only have to deal with a single (albeit rather crap) DRM platform.
 

NPras
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2021
How Heroes Have Fallen

What I Liked

This was such a classic series back in the day. The graphics were great, colorful, and fantasy like. Combat was fun. Building up cities was great. It had everything. It's why I purchased this game.

What I Did Not Like

It just lost its charm. It should go back to its roots in terms of looks, combat, and city building. Plus, it was a bit buggy.

Why I Stopped Playing

I wanted to play older games, like Heroes III, so I just stopped playing this.

Disclaimer

I have been a gamer for over 30 years. I tend to play mostly PC games. I also bounce around between games A LOT. I may purchase a $60 game and play it for 2 hours or spend $10 on a game and spend 50 hours on it. Even if I played a game a short time, it does not mean it is bad. It just means another game caught my attention. I also complain about flaws in games a lot, even about the littlest of things. Keep that in mind when reading my reviews. If I do not have a complaint, then the game must be special!
 

Roan Woasbi
1,375 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
197.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2020
UBISOFT IS THE CANCER THAT EATS AWAY ANY AND ALL JOY THAT IS IN THIS WORLD.
 

resstephens
318 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2021
I love M&M but this game, as a program, is not worth...it's just not working....
 

Green Cat
178 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2014
Since playing King"s bounty game , heroes games seems outdated for me.
I want a heroes game with more RPG elements in it if possible, and a continuity.
 

Alexandre Leboucher
830 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
72.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2014
I've been a fan of the heroes games for 16 years now. This most recent version had some interesting changes, I enjoy the dynasty aspect and like the hero generater. However I feel the heroes themselves have been nerfed a bit and am dissapointed in loseing some of the classic armies. That said I am enjoying the game alot. I don't know what everyone is complaining about I haven't had any crashes or noticed anything buggy.
 

wyndwulf
102 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2018
Product refunded

I had a very bad expirience with this game. To be clear, the game is OK, even kind of fun. My problem was with the connectivity to the UBsoft servers, which turned my expirience to hell. I enjoyed playing skirmish games, but couldn't start the campaing, or practicly do anything else. I had to search 3 times for fixes online and still had connectivity issues.
I highly recommend to skip any UBsoft game that require online conection to their servers- it's just a waste of money.
P.S: I had to ask for a refund on the game.
 

yanivsel
165 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
108.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2017
I dont know what those reviews about not being able to launch the game are about,I was able to play just fine. When I tried to play it launched UPlay,I had to use an account and I was able to log in and play just fine. Also its not a bad game in general,I recommend it,its better than the previous Heroes games.
 

El Abrazador
218 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,544.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2013
Great game BUT the fact that i have to log on to steam then i have to log on to uplay then i have to launch the game an its quite buggy so yeah sick of companies thinking that it is cool to bundle useless online account software (DRM) with there product just make the game an let me play it quit asking for all my information! The game has become easier, but I'm a devoted fan of the series, so I can not speak badly about it, I spent so much time in the past often, I can not ... I can not and all.
 

Andreas_Becks
1,697 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2017
Could not get this game to launch. Maybe it would be fine if it was purchased through the god awful UPlay app, which wants to be steam but just sucks, but I doubt it. Shouldn't have to spend several hours just trying to get the game to launch (which was never successful). Have never requested a refund on a game before, this one did it though.
 

WitchKing
353 products in account
0
126 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
193.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2014
Uplay, requires ALWAYS online and no connection to the story HOMM 5 neglected to finish.
 

Slinger
101 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2020
Constantly crashing on startup. Unless Ubisoft manages to finally fix the game I would not recommend buying at all.
 

Czin
176 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2011
While not needing nearly as much strategizing as the third or fifth installments in the series, it is still better than the fourth by a landslide. It is hard to say if it is better, because too much is different, though the pacing certainly feels much faster. There are 6 full length campaigns in the game, and each campaign takes at least 12 hours of nonstop gameplay to beat on normal - longer on hard. Glitches and bugs are thankfully for the most part nonexistent.

You'll definitely get your money's worth on this, though waiting for a sale or price drop might be your thing if you don't like how 'casual' the game seems to have become. Don't wait too long, though.
 

Jasticus
790 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2019
WHY MY PRODUCT KEY DOSENT WORK ON MIGHT & MAGIC VI
 

kecinovicdalibor
85 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2015
I literally cannot play this game!!! It keeps crashing when Uplay launches. I cannot fix it and it makes this the worst purchase i have ever made!!!!
 

Garr1ck
52 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2021
I am highly disappointed in this game. It is fun to actually play, when you can. Now, you only get a black screen that already took ages to get to. This was a huge waste of money and is basically robbery of a promised game that no longer works.
 

Seyaria
33 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2020
this game took a fair bit of research to even get to start; it defaults to full screen and subsequently hangs. furthermore, its need to be online made it impossible to play during most of my vacation. when i finally got it running after returning home, i realized that, though, it's slightly prettier than its predecessors, there is really nothing new here. i quit after a few maps .
 

yevgeniy.lushtak
279 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
well i bought this game hoping to be atleast a bit like Heroes 3

what i got was three hour updating from UPLAY and when it updated i couldn't make an account becouse the launcher would crash all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time. Did not see the actual game yet and probably never will becouse of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ UPLAY.

thank god i bought it on sale
 

Dimc93
475 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
Don't get this; the Steam version won't connect to the Ubisoft network, so most of the features won't work. Then both Valve and Ubi will refer you to th other, so you won't be able to get help, and of course the garbage is non-refundable.
 

Usualfool
173 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
115.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2018
i actually love the game, except i've purchased three copies now, and the game just stops working after a while, and then when you send in a ticket about the issue (since im not super tech savvy), you dont get a reply even two or three weeks later. fix the bugs! There should be a class action lawsuit on this so i can get my money back, because of them selling a product that clearly isnt working properly and still charging a solid 30 bucks for. may as well be an indy game for 5 dollars with this kind of service.
 

Manickoalabears
30 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2021
ubisoft app won't let me use my cd key......
 
A developer has responded to this review

ProfileName
223 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2014
Love this game, been playing over 15 years now ... its as good as when it came out. Keep it up
 

zit0x
123 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2014
My favorite RTS franchise, above Starcraft and Warhammer 40K: Dawn of War.
 

DocHallway
381 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
105.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2014
Fantastic game. Revamped considering the last few games in the Heroes franchise. Best yet sicne Heroes 3, do play, well worth it.
 

Asderition
164 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
259.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
BLACK SCREEN BUG STILL NOT FIXED AFTER 2 YEARS? F*** YOU UBISOFT
 

[BoN]eR
26 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
186.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2021
"Connection failed
Unspecified network error (0x80090001)"

I'm sick of seeing this error message. And it's painfully common for many players.
Whenever you get this error, you can't access your saves or use the DLC.

Another glorious victory for the Ubisoft client.

When the game works, it's great. But there will be entire days where it just doesn't work.
It's been an issue for years and they've never bothered to fix it.

So I can't recommend this game.
 

bayushimoju
182 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
135.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2012
Game had a horrible start due to bugs and balancing problems, stuttering even though the graphics aren't that good and the effects not too excessive. By now most of the bugs and balancing got fixed and it works better all around. Biggest Drawback is the DRM, always logged in to Uplay, but if you loved the older Heroes of might and magic you may just like this one as well.
 

Mewo
1,821 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
122.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2021
Better balancing of V, slower more enjoyable paced battles but simplified turn-timer that actually is quite strategic but initiative was fun for sure. Spells are fun and theres some nice combos with creatures and spells. Main downside is its got some bugs... A ♥♥♥♥ tone of them lol.
 

Whowling Wholf
67 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
420.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2014
I'am a big fan of the whole HoMaM series and especially like that in every new game there is something new in the mechanics to handle and many new things included to find and discover. The storyline is also one to remember !

I kind of dislike that in this one you will need a permanent internet connection to be able to use weapons with your hero since they need to be connected to the cloud. Thats because you can level them up and will have quite overpowered help once you got them high enough.

All together the game is not too far away from the old game style which made it so popular while it still features new contents and improveable ideas. Defenetly worth the money in my opinion.
 

Fluffy WeisserWerWolf
141 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
78.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
U-Play is a trash system.

You see this game start, maybe you see the massage clouding(sync) fail..

And some mission have a big bugs..

This game is a not bad. But trash system U-Play + bug....

You have a money? Buy another game
 

Hellshuu
551 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
good
 

Noooooa
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
447.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2012
Love this game.
 

Replication
177 products in account
2
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
215.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2016
CD Key Seems Broken. Completely unplayable. Also you are forced to create a uplay account which is garbage.
 

Judicator
326 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
237.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2020
Whenever I have to reinstall this game, I ALWAYS HAVE PROBLEMS. This time Uplay wont start
 

Thozan
163 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2015
gotta use a terrible thing outside of steam to play it and the textures don't exist
 

Timur Yazid
674 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
Must have for loyal fans of the Might & magic Heroes series!
 

M^3
12 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
Requires ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay
 

Ricence
189 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2018
I really tried to give this game a chance especially because of my fondness for previous HOMM titles like III and V but this was just an utter disappointment. The characters are dull, plot/writing lackluster and the game itself just feels lifeless. It's not even worth a sale price because it was an utter waste of time for me.
 

krazykarl85
188 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
183.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2015
Ubisoft sucks, but this game isn't as bad as people are making it sound. It isn't as good as most of the previous entries, but it is still enjoyable to play. I had a lot of fun with most of the campaign levels and unlocking heroes and leveling equipment (which carries over between different campaigns). I would say this was a step in the wrong direction, but still very playable and enjoyable, especially if you enjoy this genre or previous HOMM games. I would say 3 and 4 will probably always be my favorites with 2 close behind, but I actually prefer this over 5. Anyway, I think it is easily worth $20 bucks.

7/10 Not as good as previous entries in the series, but not horrible either.
 

republicofpeter
686 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
This review is written with players of previous games in the series (III and/or V specifically) in mind. If you haven't played those before, I'd recommend playing either of them instead, as I feel they are both significantly better games.

First and foremost, the game runs pretty poorly for me. I have an Nvidia card, so I have to work around the game to stop it from freezing every second time I enter a battle. Even with the workaround of changing the priority and CPU affinity (which I have to do every time I boot the game, unless I want to revert to an old GPU driver just for this one game), I still get the occasional freeze, mostly when attacking castles. The loading times are long and annoying, to the point where there's actually a loading screen the first time you enter a town. It takes a good 5-10 seconds of blackscreen to load a castle fight, while other fights barely load at all for whatever reason. Granted, I don't have an SSD, but really...

Skills and spells aren't random, instead you choose 1 ability or spell to add or upgrade. The amount of skills rivals V's skill and sub-skill system, but there are far, far fewer spells (since you can only pick 1 per level, instead of just visiting a mage guild).

Units are pooled, so you can buy units from anywhere in your kingdom in any castle or fort that has access to the appropriate dwelling. Towns also have buildings that allow you to teleport to other towns by casting a spell, with some restrictions. Sounds good, but it leads to (at least against AI) stacking all your units on 1 hero and simply bulldozing through everything, because you can always just teleport to any castles that need defending. To add on to that, you can convert dwellings, castles, and forts to your faction, meaning a Necropolis player can convert a Dungeon castle into a Necropolis by paying resources and sacrificing buildings that can't be converted. Because of these things, you're going to end up having massive armies on 1 hero in pretty much every (PvC) game, which is extremely boring.

The number of resources has been cut down; there is now only Gold, Wood, Ore, and Crystal, where Crystal is the rare substance and the other three are as they are in previous games. It leads to less situations where, for example, a Stronghold in III doesn't have the crystal to get cyclops or behemoths, hamstringing them. It does make everything feel samey, though, with resource costs practically the same across the board.

Castles and forts have a zone of control around them. What this does is prevent enemy heroes from taking any dwellings or mines within their zone unless that hero stays put at that building. So no more annoying heroes running through and taking all your mines and dwellings while you're away. Hurray! It does pretty clearly telegraph who owns a castle nearby, though, since you can see a big blob of their colour on the minimap representing the zone.

Towns are also structured a lot differently. There are almost no prerequisites in the manner that there are in III and V; you just need a certain level town hall for most of them. There are no more Tier 1 - Tier 7 creature dwellings; instead there are 3 tier 1 (called "core"), 3 tier 2 (called "elite"), and 1 tier 3 (called "champion"), and none of the dwellings are required to build any other dwellings. All towns have the same dwellings (though obviously with different units for the faction), town hall, fortifications (which only increase creature growth by 1 instead of 50/100% like in previous games), the marketplace, the previously mentioned portal buildings, the ultimate building which is equivalent to the Grail or Tear of Asha building from previous games, and a hall of heroes for hiring heroes plus its upgrade to resurrect them. Literally the only difference between factions' towns is two unique buildings (a tier 2 and a tier 3), each of which has two possible options. There's usually one with an effect that works in the town's control zone and one that's global; the tier 2 generally improves the faction's unique ability, and the tier 3 is generally something strong that fits the theme of the faction.

Heroes also (by default; you can speed it up for non-campaign games) seem to level really slowly, which really hampers the game, since your spells are directly tied to your level in addition to regular old abilities. I might not have looked hard enough at exactly how fast you level, but it at least feels a lot slower.

Unit speeds in battles are almost the same across the board; melee and flying units can generally move across the board in 2 turns with few exceptions, and without even looking it up I honestly doubt there's a unit in the game with a speed under 5 (the size of a normal field, for reference, is 12 wide and 10 high) and I doubt there are many, if any, with a speed above 8. There just aren't slow units like Dendroids or Zombies or wicked-fast units like Archangels that can cover massive ground even when slowed. As mentioned before, creatures are split up into 3 tiers instead of 7, meaning all factions have 3 creatures with similar stats, 3 stronger creatures with similar stats, and then their truly unique top-tier creature. Just like towns, creatures often feel samey.

They also went back to the III style of turns (as opposed to V) in part; units with the highest Initiative go first (Initiative and Speed are split like in V, meaning the unit that can travel furthest doesn't also automatically go first), and each unit gets one action in the round, unless they get good morale, which gives them an immediate second turn with reduced speed, damage, and the inability to use abilities. I'm pretty indifferent to this, but I feel like V's system of not having 'rounds' has more potential and variety available.

Like in V, each faction has a unique ability they can use in battle. They each charge up in a different way and have a different function. Necropolis can resurrect troops (surprise!), and the ability is charged up when units (enemy or friendly, though friendly charge it faster) take damage, while Sanctuary can buff their units' stats and charge by attacking any unit that hadn't already been attacked in the round.

There's also boss fights and other unique encounters with special fields or conditions. So far I've played 2 non-tutorial campaign missions to the end, and both had a unique fight at the end. In one, you control a boss fighting against a massive army. I happened to be playing on the hardest difficulty for this, which made that army really massive, to the point where I just gave up, since a little bit of bad luck or an imperfect move could easily turn the battle to a loss just like that. In the other, you have a certain number of turns to kill a massive army of units that all have No Enemy Retaliation and Strike & Return. I know, fun. This one was pretty easy after I took a practice attempt to figure it out.

Random maps. They're not in the game. At all. And there aren't even a whole lot of custom game maps, either. It's sad. I'd even take V's pretty bad random generator over none. Really disappointing.

Then there's the Dynasty. There a meta progression thing going on, where you earn passive abilities, weapons, and things like that by playing the game. Naturally, these things only work when you're online, and only when you're *always* online. I don't know how strict it is, but I do know that one time I started a map, disconnected a few seconds in, and was promptly booted from the game. Not simply disabling the Dynasty, seeing as I'm not playing against other people and so it likely doesn't matter if they're enabled or not. Kicked from my own player vs. computer game; that type of behaviour doesn't typically endear a person to a game.

It also requires Uplay.

If you don't have Heroes III or V, get one of those instead. If you absolutely need more Heroes, I'd recommend getting II or perhaps even IV or I after that.
 

zirune
1,594 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
Nerf Necropolis.
 

Razz
526 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2017
Uplay no thanks. Steam how could you. If it is not your service do not profit from it.
 

Bakang
759 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
95.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2021
I mean if you're wanting to buy a 10 year old game that Ubisoft wants you install what basically amounts to malware for because they don't respect their players enough to assume they aren't stealing, buy it I guess.
 

Krugwulf
152 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2020
Crash after crash after crash after crash and Steam won't refund. Ridiculous and horrible customer service
 

kissel.ed
7 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
77.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2018
I want to like this game, I have really enjoyed all the HOMM before. But this game disconnects so constantly from UPLAY it's pointless in campaign mode. Incredibly frustrating and feels like a waste of money.
 

Keds
34 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
212.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2020
This game, for me atleast, has a bug where upon launching the game the game stops responding and a get a black-screen and need to terminate the program, there is a workaround where you have to edit a file to get the game to run in windowed mode. Also since the Ubisoft has stopped supporting the game in any and all capacity this bug probably wont be solved ever. Since they have stopped supporting it achivements are apparently no longer working and one of the rewards you can get through Uplay which allows for another trait to be used by your hero is gone forever.
 

Rior
239 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2016
I have a couple of dozen games that were so bad I've created a garbage category (garbage is polite) and stopped playing them in minutes. Some I can't review since I haven't even put in the required 5 minutes they were so bad.

I LOVED the M&M series and loved the Heroes series even more. But somewhere around 5, it became too convoluted. This game just seems to go out of its way to sap the fun out of you. They've concentrated on making the game not fun. Play Kings Bounty instead, any of them really, they concentrate on the fun.

Not to mention King's Bounty was the original of the series back in the 80s.
 

Farshad
455 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
The only gripe I people seem to have with this game is its use of Uplay. Frankly, I've never had problems with Uplay, and a second layer of DRM on top of Steam (which is DRM in itself, we must all remember) does not bother me.

When it comes to the game itself, I greatly enjoy it; a breath of fresh air into the HoMM series, which since Heroes III, has been based on the same formula which quite frankly has been getting somewhat stale. The amalgamation of all the tedious resources into one, crystals is, in my opinion, a good idea. Whilst it simplifies the game, the introduction of the region system means it would be very tedious to capture all of the resource production buildings, even more so than in HoMM III & V.

The graphics, even now, as I write this in 2015, are gorgeous. The creature design in this game is the best it has been in the series. The units are original and the art direction in general is great.
Similarly the introduction of deeper RPG elements makes the game more interesting and helps the player invest themselves into the world.

What can I say, I like this game.
 

Colonel Jake
384 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2018
Bad...and not in a good way. Not even as good as HMM5. Everything is scripted. The AI is non -existant. That was was what was so cool about the classic games - the AI was devious! It did not rely on shear numbers as this game does making it a boring grindfest. Furthermore the load times are absurd -what is it thinking about? Its next move? It doesn't have a move, just a script. And the whole Uplay online thing is a bad joke.
 

Lord Douglias
287 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
104.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2017
I like the changes they made to the mechanics, but six ears after release they still haven't fixed 70% chance to have black screen graphical freeze on EVERY battle, 10% chance for similar freeze every time you open town screen. Broken Uplay. Broken cloud sync. Broken local savefiles. Broken campaign menu. Broken achievements for uplay. Broken rewards system.

Game \launches\ in UHD UWS Surround, but considering that the game itself doesn't work, i can't say that it works.

On top of it chunk of the storyline is only accessible as a pre-order bonus.
 

KDD!^putler kaputt 26/93
2,785 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
226.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2014
Nice graphics, a bit glitchy, but enjoyable overall, HMM 3 is still the best !!!
 

KoPiK
121 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
71.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2014
The idea behind settings everything on fire to make it strong does not apply here.
 

Kanosis
438 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
96.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2014
Brilliant fun!! Absorbing and interesting strategy!!
 

LastPraetorian
458 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
451.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2014
Fun, but can be somewhat repetitive.
Best written in the series though
 

TimberWolf
75 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
65.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2020
Game was buggy, crashed, and kept losing progress. Seems I was lucky and was able to play some before running into bigger issues, but it was a bad experience. Avoid and save some headache..
 

BIGLAD
85 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2014
tl:dr Lots of launch problems, haven't yet managed to open the game.


The release date of this game is just over 3 years ago to date, but it still seems to be incompatible with Steam. The various forums have lots of workarounds, but it seems to be potluck which if any of these work for a given system. Ubisoft shouldn't have released this game on Steam if it didn't work out of the box, and it looks like even in the best case scenario you need to download their own game launcher and sign up to an account with them.

I'll be trying to avoid all ubisoft games from now on.
 

Septimus ii
225 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
78.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2021
Product received for free

it said that: " CD key is used to another acount"? What is going on here. Help me, pls. I bought it already. If you has any suggestion, send to email: virkiller.fire@gmail.com. Thanks!
 

VirKilleR
40 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
396.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2021
I am a huge fan of this version of the Heroes series. I have over 343 hours played just on Steam, and probably over 500 more via other platforms. The art team went above and beyond this time with brighter colors and contrasts making images and maps pop. The story lines are well written for both the standard and campaigns. I strongly suggest this version for any fan of the series. It has some rough spot, but nothing we aren't already familiar with as fans of the series.
 

Bayne10
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
99.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2020
The black screen problem and windows 10 compatibility issues can be resolved, just need to google the fix then trial and error.

Ubisoft apparently is longer interested to serve steam players any more, and therefore known bugs are no longer fixed and steam achievements are not added.

Until Ubi is willing to come back to steam and perform a more active role like what EA is doing now, I’m done with Ubi.
 

Reborn
258 products in account
8
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2016
i absolutly dislike the fact that the game itselfe is not functioning. Well that matter aside when ever i try to open the game, a autodownload window pops up, it detects a patch, downloads it and trys to apply it. But then the wohl process crashes an error window occurs and states; "can`t apply the patch because Heroes of might & magic VI isn`t installed yet" which is annoying as hell. The reason for that is that my mouse cursor turns invisible after starting the game without the applyed patch.
I tryed purchasing just the shades of darkness version and after that problem occured i tryied the whole thing another time with buying the Goldedition with every expansion pack there is so far. But the problem remains and really destroyed my interest in this game.
with all this said; thank you Ubisoft and uplay for giving us a game which isnt even playable.
(please excuse my bad english)
 

J0sh1aB52
26 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2014
Ruined by ubisoft, dont buy!!!
 

GARDZ
176 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2020
After install cant play it.
 

Yigzatoth
246 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
106.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
TBS brought to a different level :D
 

knolty
2,548 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
706.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 18
Don't buy this game, Ubisoft has intentionally crippled the game from launching for those that have purchased the game on steam. Very devious tactic to get people that want to play their game to buy it on their store/platform.
 

GomGorgi
113 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 17
gives you an invalid key to put in and scams you basically
 

cheems
12 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2011
Heroes 3 are the best. Heroes 5 are good. And this one is casual epic fail...
 

dscTobi
482 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2015
Garbage. Not worth to have HoMM name in it's title.
 

Feeling dank
1,080 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2018
14 hours was my limit. I love this series, but this one...well, it just isn't the same fun experience as the previous ones. I get games need to evolve over time, but this one evolved inteh wrong way. I don't know. It's just missing that...je ne sais quoi. I just couldn't get into it.
 

Allons_1_221
71 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2013
This game's bad, get the older ones off Good Old Games.

Now I'm a big fan of the old heroes of might and magic so I'll explain a few issues that I have with this very game.

Firstly Ubisoft being ubisoft. There are multiple expansions for this game and I got all of them from the start. I then after downloading the whole game AND then getting Uplay, could not activate the 3 dlc's and was restricted to two factions that are in the base game.

See I recall the glory days of heroes 3 a timeless game indeed as I stated before, get the older heroes games off GOG.com

http://www.gog.com/

Go now, have fun with better games.
 

COMRADE_WOMBAT
334 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2013
The game itself is relatively fine however it suffers from very serious issues with forcing a single style of play for each campaign. Also like many other reviewers have mentioned you have to install Uplay to play this, which is not mentioned or advertised anywhere on the store page. This didn't just take over an hour to patch and install but also installs a tool bar in your web browser without concent.

Honestly the earlier HOM&M games are far more enjoyable and do not come with invasive bug ridden DRM.
 

DoominaBottle
756 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
101.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2014
Good Turn-Based strategy game that might get a bit redundent at times but nice storyline pushes through.
 

TheBlueLightning
216 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2019
Total crap, does not even work after one purchases it. Rip off
 

erlend808
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2020
To hell with Uplay and any other 3rd party asking me to register and install their managing "spy" software.
 

Ugolin666
357 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
Having been a fan of these games for 25 years, I pains me to say I don't like this game. Not only is the game quite a challenge (I even tried on easy and it is pretty challenging but just painfully slow) but the story isn't that good and the dialog is horrible. Graphically, the game is solid, and most of the core parts of the game are here, but it takes so long to build an army (though apparently not the computer controlled opponents) and just gets to be you doing the same thing over and over again. I have watched as the game improved with each new one up until #5 at which point it started to become a little monotonous, ah hell. It become a big pain in my ass. Just not what I loved about the series. Boring and too repetitive with terrible dialog. Not a fan of this one.
 

Old Man 678
428 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2014
best game ever with worst uplay ever! ♥♥♥♥ UPLAY!!!!!!!!

waited a half hour to get into game,an never could.uplay is apparently hacked.again.then when u click on password recovery,the page just times out over an over.enter day 2,an no reply from support,but i manged to get to sstore online.an guesss what.,my promo code wont apply.they had crysis 3 for $5 but ♥♥♥♥ THEM i dont even care that i paid $13.50 to get on origin,as theyre servers are surely better

♥♥♥♥ uplay
♥♥♥♥ uplay
♥♥♥♥ uplay.

please someone destroy uplay~!~@#@@~~~


an get this game tho its amazing.
here i am on the final beta trial of elders colls online,so mad at uplay that im here insted telling everyone Screw uplay!!!
 

SBones
473 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2016
HOMM 5 is better
 

❄ Frosty Vampire ❄
496 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
75.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2013
One of the best game series I have everp layed if you are looking for a game that gives you hunderds of hours of game play this is your game well worth the money
 

Nevaeha
623 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
81.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2016
In the sucks!

I tried so hard
And got so far
But in the end
It doesn't even load my games!
I had to fall
To lose it all
But in the end
It doesn't even let me play with my friends!!!!!

♥♥♥♥ YOU UBI!!!! your UPLAY and your CON♥♥♥♥! ruin great games! ♥♥♥♥ YOU!
 

Renzhe Light
673 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2020
After 8 years, wanted to try this game again for the lulz, 20 min after installation still trying to update Uplay Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, then bug, relaunch the game, force me to connect to Ubisoft Connect again. Nope nice try Ubisoft, you managed to ♥♥♥♥ up a 8 years old game.

Do not buy.
 

Sirnizz
75 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
198.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2014
Campaign difficulty can abruptly vary from simple 'map' combats to out-of-proportion final battle/boss fights. Often found myself skipping through turns to get enough troops for the last battle. Still, very playable game which is an excellent take on the golden era of Heroes 2 and 3.
 

bakflippa
55 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2015
DO NOT BUY GAME.


It uses U-play, a 3rd party DRM, which causes a mssive amount of game breaking glitches. The game damn near doesnt function. Lots of crashes, U-play will often delete your saved game, etc etc the list of crap never ends.

Just do not bother. Save your money. There are better games out there done by companies that actually give a shi-t about their customers.

This was the nail in the coffin for me.

I'm done with Ubisoft, and their years of insane bahavior / dissrespect towards their loyal fans.

Myself and about thirty of my friends have begun boycotting Ubisoft do to this.
 

letsTPKothers
154 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2014
Unplayable glitchy piece of you know what. Frustrating beyond belief. Do not buy this game.
 

Garrovick
48 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2020
dont buy it there are so many bugs with the game
 

Dofrenador
12 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
602.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2020
Unplayable, it wont load which is stupid that in 2020 there can be this issue with a digital game.
 

vvtom7312vv
21 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2018
purchased this game awhile ago now, diddnt play it long before i realized how bad it was plenty of other reviews give you the why's of how its bad, but i felt alittle nostalgic and replayed HOMM5 and decided to revisit this one after i beat a few maps of that. spent a bunch of time downloading it only to discover that at launch it makes you login with somthing called uplay (id forgotton) so then i spent a bunch of time recovering my password and sighning in. even though its a steam game and there should be no need for that crap. then it signed in and had to update for about 35 miniutes. but wait i just downloaded it why were the updates not just put into the game download. oh well. then the game tries to launch again and i get nothing but a black screen of death, waited long enough to go take a shower and come back to see if the game just takes a real long time to load. nope still black screen of death. just to finish it all off you cant even cntrl+alt+delete to get away from it or alt+f4 you have to power log your computer. looked at the stuff in the forms after i got back online and this problem has existed for quite some time, but they never bothered to fix it. lots of comments in the community page on various fixes but i dont want to troublshoot my game after spending hours downloading it and spending money on it in the first place. every succesive version of this game after 3 has gotten worse (thats the one i started with) just save your time and money and give this game a pass.
 

mynameswasrob
118 products in account
1
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I bought it as it is on sale. But I can not start the game, the ubisoft always goes wrong and has to stop, I am considering refunding now.
 

Diazomethane
125 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2021
Blacks out every time. Should not be this difficult
 

ian
25 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2013
its not like the video
 

RockStarBaby
1,233 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
183.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2014
I really wanted and really tried to like this game, but the "cheating" of the AI is just too much and it makes it no fun to play. It would be ok if it was just building troup ammounts that are impossible for the player but the multiple turns the AI makes and unlimited mana that ruins the game.
 

Nifty
231 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2014
Difficulty exponentially ramps up. Even the campain is near impossible since the AI amazingly generates 3x the troups you do even when you control 2/3 of the map.
A shame too since you spend a lot of time enjoying the game just to get completely wiped in one battle.
 

WestNile
247 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
155.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2012
This game is complete fail. No playable balance in single player skirmish (not the campain mode), hero primary skills not working properly (physical and magic attack and defence), complete racism (if you play HMM 3 you'll see that mix from 2 towns are more effective than just yours but even than you able to choose - in HMM 6 no choice avalible), too low max level cap... The list of fails is too long for this topic.
I advise all players to try Heroes of Might and Magic III (or King's Bounty series) - there you will see the great game mechanics and exellent balance between towns.
Too sad that for 15 years no one developer didn't learn anything from old school heroes - greed and hunger for glory are bad friends and advisors.
11.30.2013 i've tested HMM VI Shades of Darkness - game balance still 0: too many small numbers of buffs and debuffs make solo game without Ubisoft "Conflux" and bonuses from dynasty imposible - AI cheating too much (even know how to intercept you when you don't expect it).
So my recomendation still true.
In general - too many artwork (units has very good view) but no game mechanics, no HMM potential (combined forces from other towns, no working stats (example: vampire under your command do less and receive more dmg then under AI command - even your physical attack and defence equal to AI opponent), useless skills, teaching magic for skill points, level cap 30),

P.S. I don't know who's responsible for this DLC...don't waste your money.
P.P.S. Buy King's Bounty game series - much more fun and true legacy of HMM III (especially new one: Warrior of the North).
 

stalker131
407 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
118.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2016
The best campaign among all games in the franchise.
 

Slejpnir
2,488 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2021
this game is pretty damn good, once you can actually get it work
 

Pufftarts
64 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
72.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2014
Fix multiplayer..
 

Noppa
385 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2015
This game keeps crashing. Gives the impression of bad support. Otherwise it would be enjoyable game.
 

Cro2
70 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2016
Heroes Of Might And Magic III was the climax of the entire Heroes series. This game just ♥♥♥♥♥ on all the hard work it had done.
 

tгเקฬเгє
450 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2016
I never got to play this game. It made me install a SECOND program to play and had some complicated sign-up, install procedure. Already I didn't want any of it, but there were errors with UPlay and things weren't working and I gave up. I honestly want my money back.

They never told us we would need to install a second game-community program. It's absolutely absurd.
 

onenterframe
35 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2013
If you are a fan of Heroes III or Heroes V, DO NOT BUY.

Pros: Very nice graphics, good spread of decent units. A few nice concepts, but not well executed. Story isn't bad, though let down by horrid voice acting. Seriously, King's Bounty had better voice acting. Destiny stuff is a neat idea, though all of the extra heroes were free for me, maybe from DLC? The music is mostly ripped off from HOMM5 and reochestrated, so it's alright. I do like the idea that your hero can go on any allied turn instead of having to wait for a specific place in the initiative. Also, when you recruit from a town, It automatically recruits from surrounding structures and other forts etc. No wait time, the troops are just there (by magic I assume). Saves time on re-arming, even if it makes no damn sense.

Cons: HOLY CRAP IS THE VOICE ACTING BAD. Necromancy is nerfed to uselessness, The other racial abilities are frankly meh, All heroes have all of the same abilities to pick from, and spells are just abilities. You get to pick one per level essentially, and a lot of the core spells aren't there (No summoning to speak of, no raise dead, almost no direct damage spells.) Nice 3D rendered towns like HOMM5 you can circle around in? Nope! Static images with overlays. Also, the interface overlay crawls, even if the rest of the game runs great (AMD quad core, Geforce 560)

The real shame is the sheer homoginization of the play styles accross races. Since all heroes have the same ability access and trees, you just pick the tactic you like and then hang some set dressing on it by picking a race. Literally no other flavor involved.

The units are a nice mix, but they all are roughly the same at each tier. Also the AI is balls. Aims for highest tier, or ranged and ignores everything else. Sieges are about as challenging as water baloon fights.

Also adds in the idea of territory control, which is kind of nice and kind of dumb. To control a mine or sawmill etc, you have to control the fort or town it is in the territory of. You don't get any resources from it unless your hero is parked on it otherwise it continues pumping to the local town as normal. This would be neat if you could at least stop production from it by attacking it and sacking it, thus denying resources, but no, the moment you leave it it just reverts back. So again, cool idea, with a flaw in execution.

Overall, if I had played a demo of this game, I would not have bought it. I payed $10 on the autumn sale and uninstalled it within 24 hours, and wish I had my $10 back.
 

ErroneousBosch
356 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2021
The game wont even start! Just Black screen from the beginning and the only way to close it is to sign out or restart your computer! Steam support is useless, quoting " Steam cannot help with issue from different game providers ". Well than take the game down instead of keep wasting peoples time!!
 

D.Dragon
7 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
It's so slow. You can't skip battle animations. It will take you hours just to get through the tutorial missions. When I had to replay a siege battle because my internet connection hiccuped and I was booted from Uplay, I just gave up.
 

archcorenth
802 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2017
Uplay
 

Tyrant
172 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
334.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2017
Brings me back to my childhood of playing Heroes 3.
 

Wesley Bland
232 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
528.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2015
Caveats.. The older I get, the more I find that DRM stacking is a dealbreaker. It's true, perhaps I am remiss in basing my overall recommendation on game design itself, but I will not recommend a game that has an extra DRM gate attached to it, ever.

Here are some of the things I think are interesting, though:

PROS

Worthy addition to the HoMM series - all the things you've come to know if you're a fan of the series. Interesting monsters, magic spells, hero development.

Good graphics.

I like the Hero development system, which allows for many different styles of play, each of which peaks in power at a different point in development. Might heroes are generally more powerful early on, then Magic heroes dominate. Hybrid heroes are strong midgame. Finally, at maximum level, the power levels are back in synch. I like this pattern, as it informs my strategy as the game progresses.



CONS
SO much like previous HoMM games that it's hard to see why you wouldn't just play one of those. For the money, HoMM V can be purchased with all extant expansions, and that's a better value.

DRM stacking. Get ready to log into Steam only to have to remember another set of credentials to log into UbiSoft's UPLAY service. You can't play the game properly without it. Internet down? Sorry, you miss out on content.

Voice acting is... well, sometimes it borders on the offensive. Hearing a bunch Americans put on slapdash pseudo-Japanese voices made me uncomfortable in the way of those old illustrations of Asian people with lines for eyes and protruding front teeth.
 

Edgewalker
428 products in account
6
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2013
I would recommend this game to any Strategy genre fan
 

Slavo92
108 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2019
Game is garbage. Won't even open in windows 10 without going in and editing property files.

Fail.
 

Zalusta
193 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2016
Not playable campains due to mission ending bugs.
I bought complete version with SoD and... its not playable - when I finish 1st mission of Dance Macabre (basic campains I completed 3-4 years ago) when I click Next Map there is loading screen of Pirates of Savage Sea (however I dint start it yet) - regardles of that what I click nothing happens. I tried several times - campain cant be continouned. I wander if I start SoD i would be able to finish due to bugs.

In Basic version (non steam) with 1st day patch at least I could complete all campains and I really enyoyed this game however many bugs existed. I also read on the other forums - this is not only my problem (Danse Macabre campaign is broken). So final conclusion is GAME IS REALLY GOOD - almost as good as HMM5 -but just this steam version of game is broken.
 

XavuD
117 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
177.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
I loved this game, but I'm really upset that the uplay launcher was added. When I finally got that to run properly (It crashed every time until I found some information), I discovered that my CD-Key could no longer be used since it was "already claimed".

I purchased my key on steam in 2011 and started playing shortly after. I'm not sure where along the way I 'lost ownership'. The extra kick in the teeth was the uplay application crashing after informing me I could not use my key.

I'm waiting on a response from customer support, but I'm not optimistic.

Seriously was a great game, but if you have to worry about losing access to it and having a terrible launcher, it's not worth it.

 

falash
359 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2017
It doesnt run on my pc for some reason and I have no response from steam support. Would like to have my money back at least. :/
 

lia25
15 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
This game is far too buggy to be good. Shame, too.
 

Great Old One
388 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
105.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2016
Uplay is really bad and ustable! This game is almost unplayable because of uplay :(
 

superlangbein
110 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 30, 2020
At first, I was unable to play it because it was freezing due to video driver compatibility, now I can't play it and it doesn't even start. Typical Ubisoft.
 

poluyobok
573 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2019
The black screen at launch that other reviewers point out was easy to fix, at least in my case. A much bigger problem is the always online requirement in *singleplayer*. I was going to give the game a fair shot, but it doesn't bode well when I get booted out of a battle in the first mission of the tutorial campaign back to the main menu because of a momentary hiccup in WiFi connection. Great job!
 

UthersonL
1,697 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
98.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2014
Shouldn't buy anymore HOMM series after HOMM 3, story is confusing, bad ost, bad conflux, and initial problem when logging to UPLAY.

The gameplay is good, but the campaign story made me down, i stopped playing halfway.

I bought this @ store price and regretted it.

 

NightDreamer
43 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
125.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2019
This game has compatibility issues and will not run on some PCs. No support from Steam or Uplay. There is no fix for my particular issue that I have found and attempting to launch causes complete windows crash and requires a hard restart. Purchase and install at your own risk.
 

RagingK9
280 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
Plays just like it's forerunners but everything's been given a makeover. A graphical overhaul for one. The magic's been given a lot of attention and is all the better for it and it's got the usual depth for a Might and Magic Heroes game. I've played some of it's recent competitors like the King's Bounty games, Eaodor, the latest Disciples games, etc, but I have to say this played the best and was the best looking of the lot too.
Downsides; extra DRM. Not content with just using Steam, you also have to create an account and password for Uplay which Ubisoft's now using with ALL their games now. So you've got one lot of DRM on top of another DRM! Talk about giving the legitimate buyers a hard time! The pirates won't have to put up with all this everytime they want to play the game.
If you can overlook that, I would say Might and Magic: Heroes VI is the best of the genre at the moment.
 

Wadeyboy
276 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2016
I've owned this game for several years, I install and uninstall when I'm done playing. I see a lot of snipey reviews about Uplay not working, or this game glitching out. That's unfortunate, I haven't had a single problem for 5 years, over 3 desktops. I've run this game on Windows 8, 8.1 and now run it on Windows 10.

I own an i7-based system from 2010, maybe this is magic hardware? I've seen 4 graphics cards play this game, all nVidia (current a 9xx series GTX.)

I think if you are unable to play this game you should be provided with a refund and your CD/Activation key(s) revoked accordingly. It's silly that there would be this many negative reviews for a game that was fun to play, is still fun to play, and which I've never had any problem playing.. I don't know about steam, but I know Origin will refund games that don't work.

Is it so hard for Steam/Ubisoft to do the same?
 

wilson0x4d
425 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
186.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2016
Like most of the Negative feedback already posted I would have to agree not to buy it. I really enjoy playing the game and as some say probably could be the best so far. BUT.... I cant play the game anymore. Had to uninstall the game due to windows issues and when I finally got it resolved I went back to reinstall and continue. I saved to cloud all the time so no issue continuing. Or so I thought. I cant install the game because Steam cant connect to the Conflux servers. They are down ...well im not sure if they have been up at all since I started trying to reinstall. So save money and frayed nerves. Also save money on broken keyboards and mice due to frustration of not being able to get anywhere with Ubisoft/Uplay customer "support". Doesnt exist.
 

goldragon
246 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2012
The game itself is quite good, but having to use steam to launch Uplay to update and launch the game and then connect to another server when entering the game almost ruins the experience. It takes 5 minutes from launching the game from steam to actually playing the game!

The game is good and a worthy succesor to the series, but getting to play the game is a lot of waiting on services you don't really care about. Maybe just buy the game and then download it from an illegal site just to make it easier...
 

Nenmoth
151 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2015
Not a bad game. Could of done a lot more with things, Some of the units aren't the best. I enjoy the game i have played might and magic for a long time. Like honestly im pretty sure i played might and magic 1 which has been forever ago. I felt like it was a good idea with blood and teir perks just they should of capitalized on it more. Also the leveling is kinda weird, fun but weird. Its a game worth trying out, if i could id get VII but its processer takes maybe to much so idk if i wanna buy it. But only thing that bothered me about this game is not many factions to choose from and if you do, hell, haven, necropolis are the strongest. Strong hold is okay but it lacks early game. The water people are pretty cool but sadly their one of the more weaker factions to pick sorry can't remember their name. Honestly i think haven and necropolis is probably the strongest ouf of them all. Hell is really strong but u gotta try to get devils soon as possible cause their a great unit, as well as building up good range. Its a good game, its put down a lot but im sure you would truly enjoy it.

My only tip is tho, just have fun don't expect much, And do not go into maps that are layered like underground stuff cause there is a lot of bugs underground. Hope this review helps :)
 

KiraLucy
167 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2015
It's literally the first comment Iever write on steam though I have been playing on steam for several years and bought 150 games,

IT SUCKS.

I need to remind you guys that you can't launch the game without logging into Uplay, while after 3 times trying to reinstall the game and Uplay, Uplay still stopped working. I'm pretty sure my computer's condition and hardwares are pretty good and this is the very first game I ever bought that can still not launch after reinstall for 3 times.

I liked this series and used to spend hundreds of hours in this game a few years before. However, Ubisoft is killing it.

Don't buy it, it's literally a piece of tr@sh

Why we say EA is the worst software company NA? Cauz Ubisoft is ffs a French company.
 

Leonhardt
1,031 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2021
I can't even start single player
tf is this?
What have I bought? a menu?
 

real_nowhereman
110 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2,405.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2015
Absolutely Terrible!
The game crashes constantly.
This game is not done, and it's over 5 years old...
Just bad.
 

AshenPlanet
128 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
197.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2017
As always M&M nice game but boy does this one know how to endlessly stretch its content
 

sp88k
317 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2019
cant play at all. black screen when start the game
 

caozeheng
7 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2019
This is the first game I bought on Steam that does NOT work! As others mentioned, it's just black screen and you can only restart your computer - retry - still black screen. Will never buy another Ubi game
 

Y.Liu
176 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2014
I thought I'd played some buggy games in the past, but this one takes the cake. From such a well established franchise you'd expect better from a game a couple of years old, but they clearly could not be damned fixing this product. If you must play Might and Magic, content yourself with Heroes V - VI is just not worth the price, AT ANY PRICE.

If I could be harsher with this review, I would.
 

Steve Parker Audiobooks
286 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2021
All-way's loved this series and have played for over 20 years since the first game came out in the mid 90's However after my experience here with the Steam Download Version I will never purchase from Ubisoft or Blackhole again.

Basically game is unplayable as it is now with the requirement to load Uplay which many of us DO NOT WANT on our computers due to its constant conflicts with other platforms in addition to multiple other issues. Require UPLAY via a Steam Purchase in unacceptable, as not the game wont even launch.

Get your ♥♥♥♥ together please and fix this so people can purchase and enjoy games with out having to install additional crap that tosses ad after ad at you and has so many malware issues within its launcher.

 

Avindor
85 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2021
I'm a big HMM3 fan, so as with a lot of the fanbase, I've not been too excited about HMM4 or 5 (although each came with their own changes for the game). HMM6 is probably the most faithful to 3, though the always online Confluence system and Dynasty makes some new game dynamics. Dynasty adds a new layer of complexion and introduces a meta game strategy across campaigns and scenario runs.

I like the art and music, which are two things I loved about HMM3, although I would love to have more city tree strategy. By far the best quality of life improvement is that in HMM6, all towns contribute to a pool of unit growth. You can then buy units from any town/fort you own with a few restrictions (can't buy units that you dont have the building for, etc). The campaign is pretty good, and each faction allows for different strategies to master. I recommend playing HMM6 if you enjoyed HMM3 and are looking for a modern take on a classic.
 

ChampChampChamp
491 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
I'm not going to spend much time on this, and to be honest it's been a while since I played it, but since it annoyed me so much at the time, I might as well voice my complaints:

The main issue is, for me, the fact that this has a 3rd-party DRM - the Ubisoft launcher. This is also the reason for the high number of hours in my profile. I spent them having it on in the background, waiting for Ubisoft to fix their &§$% DRM, not playing. In my opinion, having a DMR tool when a game is already on Steam is pointless, and then having it malfunction is close to unforgivable.

As for the game itself: I found it rather uninspired. It's a slightly more polished version of Heroes V, with a few units switched around, the option to convert all cities to your main type and control of mines regulated by capturing forts instead of individual mines. The latter is actually a good idea, but the former makes the game more boring. Storyline and animation are also seriously sub-par for the time it came out. Finally, the difficulty of maps seemed to stem more from the incresible amount of troops the AI could field and less from using those that it had effectively.

All in all: Don't buy this, save your money to get a complete edition of Heroes V (or better yet, Heroes IV).
 

Bunbury
333 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
137.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2016
I like the well-planned campaigns and storyline. Graphics is colourful and eye-pleasing. Gameplay is excellent, it's very much a HOMM. I dont actually having problem with Uplay, by going online you get to play with some extra goodies which are quite nice like the dynasty weapons and dynasty traits etc. But I think that to be able to play offline is important as well especially for some players that have no constant internet. Uplay is still not good enough for seemless play between online and offline. Overall, it's a very good game. Im looking forward to play H5 ToE as well after finishing H6. As for H7, its much criticised bugs refrain me from buying it. FYI, H6 is not as buggy as I read from the user reviews and so I give a recommendation to H6 with reservations.
 

Gojira
47 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2014
The Ubisoft launcher is crap.
Maybe the game will be playable, if they remove it.
 

kill me
245 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2018
It is so laggy that it is not possible to play properly,..
 

Zaltar
246 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2020
Uplay, nuff said.
 

Meatbrawl
239 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
78.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
It has a lot of bugs, even in esential abilities.
 

Stratos
478 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2017
I actually enjoy the gameplay and like how spells aren't random like they were in HoMM. Anyone who enjoys HoMM will most likely enjoyt this game as well.
I do recommend this game when it is on sale.
But even for 20$ it isn't worth it.

I accidentally first played it online and then tried to play offline and there was NOTHING saved. Single player games shouldn't force online.
Besides this, too many bugs and just crashed too many times to be able to complete all of the campaigns like I wanted too.
 

Divine Intervention
194 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
Do not listen to the naysayers. This game is excellent. Is it as good as Heroes of Might and Magic III? No. Is it as good as Herose of Might and Magic V? I'd say they are about equal. Since their newest update, I have experienced no bugs, no crashes, no problems. The story is droll, but it was droll in V as well. The voice acting is a bit better than it had been in V, but not by much. The gameplay is excellent, the variety in units and races is pleasing, and the graphics are pretty damn beautiful. I wouldn't pay 60 dollars for it (which I did not) but I sure as hell would fork out 10 for the entire collection! What a steal!
 

Alexhandr
630 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
64.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2014
This game is piece of crap. Some people do not like it due to forcing Uplay on to their heads, but for me it is not the case.

Pros: Has beutiful battle fields and greatly animated creatures.

Cons: Lacks most of the creatures that I loved, or they are changed and are not the same as before (Dwarfs, crussaders). Castle design is horible without and with DLC, some of them are missing (rampart, tower) and some are only unlocked via DLC (dungeon). Senitel's shield has Poland's coat of arms on it instead of clasical griffin, some of the heroes names are russian (trying to sound exotic?) There are ONLY 3 RESOURCES INSTEAD OF 7: wood, stones and blood crystals. This thing doesn't even have a map editor! . And there's still more!

To sum things up: This HOMM game sucks, go get 5th or 3rd instead, hell, they don't even call it "Heroes of Might and Magic" anymore, now it's "Might and Magic: Heroes"
 

Kramst
71 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2016
It's a shame that the whole Might & Magic and Heroes of Might & Magic franchise isn't on steam because the previous games are so much better.
I'd love so much to play the original heroes of might and magic as well as the might and magic games on steam.
But no worries, you can still get them on GoG.

It's better than what people says but it's not the greatest game in its genre, the previous are were and still are way better.
If you have played the previous ones then see it like this...
A downgrade but also an average game.
Not worth too much of your money but you can buy it for 10$ or less the complete edition if you're looking for more Heroes of Might & Magic gameplay.

It's a good game but do not except it to be any better than the third, the fourth, the fifth, the first, the second, or most of the games that are similiar to this one.

Disciples and Disciples II are really close to Heroes of Might & Magic and are very great, the third one is average, pretty much like this title, It has better music though.
King's Bounty is another great choice.
Age of Wonder is similar, not exactly the same but almost, it is really great, I do recommend to get the whole trilogy!
Eador is a good choice too.
Lords of Magic is also a good choice.
Warlock and Civilization are pretty similar but different gameplay


6/10
 

CelestialAfroJungle
3,614 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Almost 4 years after the release, the patches and DLCs I have now returned to this game again in light of my disapointment with Heroes 7. I can only hope that H7 will get at least this good over the time... Anyway I recommend this game, it has come a long way.
 

Macros
302 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2021
Couldn't even get thru the first map. UPlay kept dropping connection to the server, which just sends you back to the title screen. No saved progress, no nothing. Just back to the title screen. Tried a few times, and asked for a refund. Was told I couldn't get one.

So Ubi will never see another dime of my money.

This game is garbage. Or more accurately, maybe the game is good but the DRM is garbage and won't let you play the game, so there's no way to tell. Either way, Ubi is garbage. Spend your money elsewhere.
 

Zacpod
690 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
211.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2014
This game is the Might & Magic Heroes series best part i think till now. Turnd-based strategy with exciting battles. I think only thing is missing is the steam workshop for newer hotseat maps! 10/8
 

chiwbicka
2,299 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2016
First digital game that I've actually broken so it can no longer be played as result of Ubsoft, Conflux & Steam playing tug of war on cloud servers.
 

Hoarding in Digital
4,184 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2020
Forcing 3rd party programs (Uplay) to be installed to run the game. Guess what? U need to create account there first. EASY REFUND
 

whambulance
78 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
70.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2018
this crap gives me a black screen i loved this game but they made it unbearable i hate the one who ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uip one of my fav games
 

Darkflame
71 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 21
The game does not work, I have uninstalled it to try again but it just does not work.
 

Bosun
7 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
126.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2020
This game would be fun to play, if one wouldn't need Uplay for it. Which causes many a misery.
 

Toaster
46 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
67.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2019
a lot of bugs
 

Danot
69 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2016
Hey guys, do not buy this game! It might look good but in fact you can not play it because of a thing named conflux. You have to be connected to this network while playing and this thing is frequently offline for days, which means you cant play at all!
 

Praise the Sun
145 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
840.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2017
Overall a enjoyable experience. Some things are a little unbalanced (like drain life or reinforcements) and can spoil the game for you, but the story holds quite well and there are tons of artifacts and sets to discover. I enjoyed it almost as much as heroes V
 

luckyluke
186 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
149.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2019
Played this a ton, but black battle screens, inability to start the game, and random freezes make it completely unplayable now. I'm a computer guy and I couldn't figure out how to get it to run after 2 hours of trying. Not worth your time.
 

cashomoto
86 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2018
I'm one of the many fans of the series, have played it since HoMM2. Bought every sigle game untill the 6th instalment, because the reviews said it was still buggy and that it needed constant online connection which I don't have. Finally bought it this year on a steam sale and said: "What the hack, I'll give it a chance."
First gripe: connection issues, to hell with your and to all other single player games requiring 'always online' connection if you can't provide stable online service.
Second: Missing forts that are not loading. Even after, how much? 7 F-ing years that kind of almost game breaking bugs couldn't be fixed?!
3rd: The NVIDIA graphic glitches. Thanks for that. To think that I played Senua's Sacrifice and Witcher 3 with it and without any major graphics problems, but on this one, oh no, don't put it on full display or you'll get epileptic seizures from the flickering screen edges.
One personal gripe: the sanctuary voices... the steretypical 'asian' engrish. Oh the cringe.
What did I like... I see lot of effort went into the gameplay and mechanics, I commend that. Creatures have a lot more abillities than before and character skill building progression was done good. I like the overall looks of the units. Did like the story so far and the enviroment does look really good.
But no, I cannot recommend this game for its 20 Euro price to anyone.
 

Zorzy
138 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2018
Took me several hours to get this game to run consulting many forums and having to edit the script directly. When I finally got the game to run, the camera was so laggy and the game was so buggy it was too jarring to play. The fact that it took so much time and effort troubleshooting merely to run this game begs the question as to why Steam continues to distrubute it after multiple years with no resolve. By the time I got the game running I had logged so much time stuck in black screen mode waiting for it to start Steam wouldn't give me a refund, desipite my clear outline of what occurred.

For those unfortunate enough to find themselves unable to return this game and can't get past the freezing black screen at startup, this forum posted an answer that finally gave a workable solution: https://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1880741-Heroes-VI-won-t-start/page2?highlight=windows+10

As for me, I have no choice other than to play the game anyway, because my tenacity to justify a purchase knows no bounds.
 

Gnar.Dude
65 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2015
DRM Maddness talked about here was not an issue for me however this still gets a big thumbs down.

Slow-paced and devoid of new mechanics with a decent b-movie grade plot. I cannot think of one memorable moment from playing this game for nearly 30 hours. I can not think of any reason why I would prefer it to or recommend buying it over the previous two installments.

I hear the plot is unfinished as well. I can not say for sure since I am done wasting my time.

4/10.....There's still a hint of the M&M charm in this title but again your better off buying IV or V and forgetting this was ever released.
 

tuckboat
678 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2018
Steam ripoff you cant play the game thanks to ubisoft launcher
 

AnteaterEatingAnt
126 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2020
Don't buy this game, it doesn't work, Ubisoft just don't give a damn about players ;)
 

Mikeyy11
36 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2020
Steam sale only at -75 ~ -99%.
 

Brulikrax
93 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2014
Forced to use U-play to play it. Bland gameplay and very little to no strategy involvded. Story is whatever. It's not a terrible game maybe if you are in the mood for it but it was mediocre in every sense of the word. 5/10, just buy King's bounty.
 

Grizz
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 30, 2018
Wowwy, just realized I never left this game a negative review! Only noticed because a friend was playing V. Here is the convo!

Me: heroes of might and magic V? but not VI?!
Friend: Hahaha, you're a silly man.
Me: something to do with VI being a big pile of crap?
Friend: Exactly. 1, 2, 3, or 5.
Friend: No others exist.

This game is basically terrible.
 

jzoomba
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2020
This one is incredibly hard compared to the others, I don't know why. I think it lacks balance with AI. Sometimes easy is too easy, sometimes its too hard. but I'll give it a thumbs up, cause its a time time killer while I don't have my main PC
 

GuiDH
398 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
228.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2014
Broke many of the core rules we all know and love from the HoMM series... though not as badly as 4 did. Would have been passable if not for 2 things... requiring you to use UPLAY and the associated buggy DRM, and the fact they never bothered patching many of the bugs still in the game. Leveling up weapons and dynasty is a chore, not really that much fun.
 

DHBTVS
260 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2018
Doing Sandro mission 1. The house of the Bull, for the 6th time on normal. Week one you take all surrounding buildings. The next 6 weeks you can explore a bit or just stay at base and gather men for 6ish weeks. No matter what you do the enemy comes out of their fort and attacks you at your fort. You have half the army and you get slaughtered every time. Makes no sense to get beat this badly every time on normal dificulty. No way to double or tripple your army by that 6th week. Normal difficulty is basically immpossible. Looks like could be fun game but first mission already proving to be broken and anoying id say 3 out of 10 stars because I expect there is more junk issues like this on other levels. Wasted so much time and have got absulutly nowhere in the game.
 

Slimdragoon
215 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
135.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
No simultaneously turn and ubisoft launcher. Do not buy this game if you do not intend to play this game.
 

Sveinon
63 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
127.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2015
I have to give it thumbs down, unfinished. Never again will i buy something from Ubisoft, Goodbye thiefs!!!!
 

Ruschkeman
153 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2015
The gameplay is ok, but thanks to Ubisoft the game keeps disconnecting from internet and ends your match midgame every 5 minutes. So I wont recommend this game to anyone and warn people from buying it.
 

Sgt Jbones
186 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2016
♥♥♥♥ YOU UBTHIS GAME DONTDESERVE MY MONEY ♥♥♥♥ YOUR ANCESTOR
 

啊啊哦哦
35 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2016
Reminds me of the old Might and Magic 3 complete set I have, just for some reason people don't seem to enjoy it all that much though I have to admit that the tutorial helped only a little bit, didn't exactly explain everything in great detail. Though I do understand that with some games you have to go and experiment with some mechanics.

7/10
 

BOOM! Nutshot
1,130 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
221.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2016
I just stopped playing this game because the game has been repeatedly crashing when the AI town portals to one of its towns. I would have to restart the mission at this point and hope that it doesn't happen again. At this point, I think I'm done. I've experienced crashes when trying to play this game at other times, as well.

The fact that the game crashes and has to be reset in order to avoid crash scenarios is enough to give it a negative review regardless of what other features it may have.
 

Dinner
34 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2016
This game would be ok without uplay.
This thing just bothers and nothing else.

I play MMH6 because... well I am great fan of the series and despite all bad reviews I would like to know what this game about.
Again, it's okay. But it's not child of those awesome Heroes of Might and Magic we used to love.

I rate 3.14/4.88

 

Med
191 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
Shades of Darkness DLC => utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Impossible to beat the campaign on normal difficulty, because in the end some programmed "assassin" jumps you with 2 times bigger army than you have and NO WAY to win this battle. Sad ♥♥♥♥.
 

deemon
2,640 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
313.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2018
The game itself is great. I have over 300 hours and would like to play more. WOULD, but this game often would not load, would crash, would lose colour of the screen, would lose audio. It also has a raft of compatability issues.

Have a quick google search on the technical issues you will encounter and you will understand why I'm giving this game a bad review. What is worse is years after I originally bought the game on steam I re bought it on sale from the uplay store direct, but no surprises it's the same unplayable product.
 

Spangleheart
227 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2021
all i see is just a black screen i have waited for about 21 mins but still a black screen not epic
 

JeffJrJeb
24 products in account
3
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
156.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2014
Just as fun as the original!!!
 

Seskomoe
55 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
226.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2019
Terrible bugs in the game make it unplayable. literally wont run on my laptop anymore, never finished it, consistent rubbish quality produced by this game series, which is a pity as the actual game has alot of potential.
 

Arioch
100 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
106.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
1. Heroes 3
2. Heroes 5
3. Heroes 2
4. Heroes 4
5. Heroes 6

At the very bottom, but still worth enjoying.
It tries a few tiny new things to its credit.
The balance is played safe with most factions troops being similarly balanced, which means they are very samey, with few outliers...this can be a positive for overall balance, but not as exciting for people looking for huge variety.

I was decently happy with this game, but the campaign is one of the worst in the series.
It is hard to beat 3 and 5's campaign.
 

Howdy Yall
1,789 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
78.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2014
For starters, if you are like me a genuine HOMM fan. Stay away from this nightmare.
I've been playing the HOMM for as long as I can remember.
And this game truly is a let down.

The story is thin and is lacking any kind of depth that would make the player intrigued to advance further into the campaign.
The selection of factions and interesting creatures are slim. Thou they've added a completely new faction. Which is on the upside, but it does not counter the negative aspects of the others.
The heroes themself have somekind of RPGish levling, which is to me just confusing.
Balance of the game is all roody poo, I can't put my finger on it. And neither can the devs, or so it seems.
All creatures has way too many perks and active effects it's all just a big mess.
It's like the devs have gone tryhard on this game, making it as complicated and frustrating as possible.

Oh, and you need to be online at all time during your session and connected to Ubisoft's Conflux service. If you happen to go offline while playing, all your progress is lost. Neat, right?


If you happen to be new to the HOMM series you might actually like this game, since it has some good points as well.
I'm not the one to tell them, there's plenty of positive rewievs for that.

But as an old HOMM player, I'd suggest you stick with either HOMM 3 or 5.
 

Tyrgrim
327 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
53.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2014
Have you played Heroes 2-5? Remember how the game would give AI enemies massive armies they could not have possibly have recruited in the same way you built your armies? Remember how aggrivating it was? Well, guess what, Not a damn thing has changed. If anything it's gotten worse. I played a couple games in a row where I was riding high on an army of literally every unit I could possibly build and the game decided to drop an AI hero with at least 3 times the units. This last time, I was playing inferno and I had just managed to build 5 Pit Lords, the Champion for that team. The AI guy had 53 of his Champion characters. 10 Times what I had been able to build. Unless he had 10 cities I couldn't see, that's impossible. So annoyed I uninstalled, and I have to advise people not to pick it up if they want to have any fun with single player. Multi Player may be fine, but I'm too annoyed to find out.
 

WunnTrueKevin
739 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2014
Number of resources cut in half. Stupid casual kids can't manage more than one special resource? Strategic part of the whole series is now forfeit just because of it? Damn.
Free attacks from invincible hero. Well, I could understand it if there was a way to put the hero out of action, but noooo. Why put this "feature" into the game? Doubledamn.
Spells with cooldowns. Spells. Not abilities. Hero's spells. Not creature's. With cooldowns. Damn. Damn. Damn. Damn. Damn.
No book of magic. Number of spells (even counting only really useful ones) cut down about three times. Spell learning via skills. Spell availability through hero level, not magic guild level or skills. Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Unit abilities listed via icons. I don't even know what to call this travesty.
Only 50% of the map is useful. Decorations are rarely distinguishable from points of interest. Castle with ONE point of interest taking 50% of view. WTF?

And all of this with graphics worse than King's Bounty: Armored Princess.
 

Hisu
872 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2014
Can't even load this game! Teach support wasn't that supportive either... email replied with a set of instructions to follow and even that fell short because the server wouldn't let me upload a diagnostic file that could have fixed my problem. Give this a pass please... it was utterly disappointing to get the bundle at the last sale.
 

장혁
308 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
199.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Honestly this is a decent game. Not worth full bucks, but certainly isnt terrible. My main gripe with it is how long it takes to do anything in it. Buy if you are a heroes fan, but otherwise maybe stay away. As i cant give a mixed status, im going to generously give it a thumbs up.
 

FraGmenToR
232 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
47.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2016
I can't recommend this simply because it is exceedingly difficult. And not in a good way. You will lose all the time, many times in a row on the same level. There are never enough troops, I cannot fathom how one can use multiple heroes effectively, giving all of your troops to one hero is often never enough. A constant game of walking around retaking all the territory and castles you will lose while on the offensive.

Also the acting and cutscenes are terrible.
 

Washtali
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2021
Will not launch. Locks up after the Ubisoft garbage.
 
A developer has responded to this review

cmeyerhbg
353 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2015
A good game, thats got alot of hours to put into it, but sadly UPlay isnt working properly or tends to stop functioning, meaning that the game you just paid money for is now unplayable.
 

Cyrus Thorn
163 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2021
A huge pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from Ubisoft. Buggy mess that fails to load half the time.

It's been years since it killed one of the best turn based strategy series on PC and I'm still mad about it.
 

Damarcus
419 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2016
Not working.
 

waligo
88 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2012
Just Cool Game)))
 

Neveron
182 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
228.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2015
I have never played this game. After installing it multiple times on multiple computers, I have still never seen the title screen. After playing through and dearly loving previous iterations of HOMM, I paid good money and downloaded a game that does not work. Perhaps it is the game's fault, perhaps the Uplay ♥♥♥♥♥, perhaps both; that money is gone now, and there is no recourse.
 

Pantomime Horse
91 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2017
Forces you to install Uplay and Ubisoft game launcher that continuously fails to launch properly. After spending hours trying to troubleshoot this, I finally got to a point were I needed to create an account with Ubisoft. When I tried to create an account it said, "Ubisoft servers are offline." This is a horrible requirement for the game to launch.
 

Strife
72 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2014
To everyone thinking about purchasing this game: Don't. This game is literally unplayable. After you have installed it and get to the main menu, you are unable to play anything because the game doesn't register the key correctly. It keeps saying that the serialkey you have used is already in use. I tried to solve this mess by contacting ubisoft via ticket and it was resolved without solving or giving me anything else but "we are looking into this problem". And this was a year ago when I first pre-ordered the game, and when I tried to install it again today, same problem.

I repeat: DON'T BUY THIS GAME.
 

CalmTirius
155 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2014
First of all I would like to say I am disappointed and suprised about the excessive negative reviews.

Luckily, I was able to purchase the complete edition of this game, I believe it is the Base + 3 expansions for just over $10. That is a lot of game for a small price tag, so I was willing to deal with any issues I found.

Currently, I have played over 10 hours into this game and I have to say that I don't see what everyone else is belly-aching about. I see a lot of crying on the reviews, but in game I see nothing but positive.

I run a PC with Windows 7 Professional, AMD 8-core processor, Geforce 545GT, so my rig is okay, but definitely not the best. I have not crashed once, no freezing, no glithes, no bugs, literally no issues.

This game is visually stunning, challenging and engaging, very detailed, and FUN! You can really tell that some talented people put a ton of time into this game and it's mechanics. It's a lot like Warcraft 3, but it's very different too; you don't really fight directly with your hero, just your army and there is a vast variety of spells, abilities, weapons, gear and units to build and choose from, you also control and build a city.

Now, don't get me wrong, this game isn't perfect, and there is some room for improvement. For instance, there is a lot to learn and the tutorial is fairly long and drags on a bit and if you take too much time building an army, you may find yourself unable to defeat the objectives due to overwhelming forces.

This is just my two cents, but I really feel this game was given a bad rep by some people who didn't give it a fair chance or judged it based on things the game wasn't at fault for. Hope this helps.
 

Compucated
315 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
186.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2021
While I bought this game a long time ago, and had quite a lot of fun, there is almost no support it feels like going to making this game work anymore. Forcing you to creating an Ubisoft account(which goes for pretty much any Ubi game), it has a very bad habit of just giving you a black screen when you load it up, no matter what you do to attempt a work-a-round. So if you are thinking of buying this game, just don't. You'll end up wanting a refund anyways when you find you can't even get the game to run.
 

Asher Dantais
381 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
979.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2016
I am a HUGE fan of the entire Might & Magic series of games and have played every single one of them. The Heroes of Might & Magic (HOMM) games definitely represent a dated turn-based playstyle that is not for everyone and also seems very hard to improve upon which is why I think each new HOMM game release basically mimics the previous version although with better graphics and a few tweaks here and there.

Heroes VI unfortunately does have a few issues:
- The computer AI just isn't challenging even when played at the toughest level.
- Game crashes are problematic. A common one I come across fequently occurs when in combat agains griffins and they try to use their special attack. At one point after a crash I was simply unable to load any saved game period even after re-installing the game and was forced to start from the beginning again.
- Although not technically an issue, I have a strong dislike to having to log into both Steam and UPlay in order to play this basically single player based game!
 

RoadtripII
117 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
163.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 3, 2017
Horrible horrible game. It could have been good, but the overall user experience is terrible. First of all, Ubisoft makes it a hassle to even play the game by requiring both password and mobile phone authentication. This alone nearly caused me to uninstall the game.

The campaigns and difficulty levels are really bad. There is no difference between Normal and Easy mode. Played Normal first, but found it way too unforgiving. But even in easy mode, you can expect to have to play campaign maps over and over because the game makes it so that errors early on are uncorrectable. Played a campaign where my army took heavy losses early on. When this happens, you might as well start the campaign over instead of continuing to play as there is little you can do to gather enough troops to actually win the end fight.

After several replayed and failed campaigns, I decided to go see if there are cheat codes available. Sometimes a poorly designed game can be improved with cheat codes. To my dismay, there are no cheat codes available for this game. You can download a trainer (which I prefer to avoid), but come on...all the best games have chear codes.

Overall, this is a really bad game. Not at all like earlier Heroes of M&M. I'd much rather play Age of Wonders. They know how to make a great game.
 

frankiecampbell2
147 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2014
Great game lots of play hrs. I just don't like to load Uplay to have to play...
 

Stoney909
158 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2020
no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ac
 

Loki
84 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
225.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2017
Picked it out after all the bad review.
If you dont mind static picture and text instead of flashy animation and voice acting this is a pretty good Hom&m game,
 

lavertu_s
189 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
81.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2014
Multiplayer Does not work ... !!! Played with my friend and about a hour into a multiplayer game - confluxs stop working and the game shut down.... Don't pay for the game- if it is the multiplayer option you want.. IT DOES NOT WORK...
 

Bente fra kommunen
105 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2020
I have heroes 2 and 3 on cd (yes in original jewel case too), I grew up on them both. I was keen to see what a next generation was like. It was good (same core better graphics), until I upgraded my computer now with better everything this game will not work. I have asked for help from ubisoft tech support (yeah i know but I am optimist). To know ones surprise I didn`t even get an acknowledgement from them. if you can get it working it is a good game if you are not ready to gamble go buy something else.
 

omega_industries
224 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2020
Product refunded

I solemnly vow that I will never, ever purchase another Ubisoft product. Some people are giving this a thumbs up, so I guess it is playable on their systems. It will not even load on mine. Will be requesting a refund.
 

Arachnyd
322 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 1, 2018
I don't get it. Steam is selling this game, but if you want to play it, you have to register a new account on UPlay and install their Application. UPlay has flows. Next game from Ubisoft will ask you for a marathon run and slaping yourself until it hurts, and then you are a fav. audience. I feel raped, feelings are powerful.

tl;dr: I just wanted to kill some Orcs but this game penetrated me beforehand
 

Papa Nyarlito
51 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
126.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2013
You are forced to use Uplay, even in Single Player.
You are forced to register there and download it.
You are forced to login on their Website.
They removed City screen,
They removed some features for offline players.
Stop Uplay, Stop Ubisoft.
 

Muecke
142 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 10
doesn't work at all. don't know why...
 

humr_gmp
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2019
Unplayable. Hangs on black screen upon start.
 

HolyGarbage
229 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2019
Literally unplayable. I had to jump through hoops to get it to even start, and once I did, it said my key had been claimed by another user. The user was me. I claimed it.

Don't buy this.
 

ivantehterrible
255 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
152.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
5 was better.
 

Radek
107 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubisoft and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ programs, game didnt even start once, tried everything, no use, -10/10, would rate anything with uplay -10/10 in the future
 

Feryuweryu
185 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
Hero movement on the map is pure garbage (stuttering, unfluid). How can Ubisoft make such an error!? No fun playing like that, waste of money and time. Won't play it till they fix that.
 

renc21
243 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
329.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 10
The game would be decent if you didn't have to struggle with the ubisoft portal. I am staying away from the UBISOFT games forever because of their portal. Just another example of jack@sses with MBA's who probably don't even play games ruining access to another franchise.

I swear, for every hour of game-play you get out of this game, you WILL spend three hours trying to get it to consistently work. You decide if that ratio is worth your $$$. My rating says it is not.
 

The Little 1's
105 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
Bought this game because I liked Heroes of Might & Magic V.
Didn't encounter as many bugs as the other reviewers but that's probably because I didn't play campaign. I just played a normal Match to have some fun but I didn't have much fun.
Why didn't I have much fun with this game?
Because the KI sucks as hell. I was on an isle and had 3 castles there. Whenever I wanted to explore the map and go somewhere else an enemy came up to my isle with the aim to get my castles. So I teleported down to my castle and he ran away.
So much so annoying. But I couldn't do anything from now on. Whenever I left the island to explore the map this mf came back to attack my castles and whenever I teleported back to the castle to get him he ran away.
It was like a loop and so annoying that I haven't played this game since.
 

LVP Schreddermann
304 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2020
I've played HoMM III, IV, and V. And I saw the poor reviews for this game and I said to myself "nah, it's just people having technical issues. I'll be fine." I should have listened to the reviews.

First, yes your computer will crash at least a few times while you try to get the game going for the first time. I've not once successfully played full screen.
Second, how is this game so incredibly difficult?! Even on Easy, I've given up on beating the second level in the first campaign (excluding the tutorial). Seriously.

I've decided not to bother with this game and started HoMM VII this evening (clearly I haven't learned my lesson) but that game is clearly improved to this one. Which really doesn't say much for this game. Save your money.
 

texvet08
180 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2019
Tried to play this game after a few years, game crashes on launch, can't load Saves synschronisation on launch and also stuck on black screen after it launches. Won't let me alt tab to Task Manager to shut it down. Changed resolution of game to Windowed mode in ProfileData File issue still persists.
 

LoveDaddy
196 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2014
No RMG (random map generator), excuses to why they can't do it, lacking quality that the other games had. Overall a HORRIBLE game 1/10
 

G_Eidolon
247 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2018
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay. Can't reach the server, can't activate the game
 

2b7q1
641 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 23
Uplay, man. Can't even get the game open.
 

AKS
510 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2017
i can't even open the game so it kinda sucks
 

dnlrocks
39 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2013
Love it
 

bunvirus
39 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
62.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2013
It's a good game. Doesn't hold a candle to Heroes M&M 5, but it can hold up on it's own. Biggest gripe I have with this game is the Always On DRM. If your internet gets a little hick-up, the game quits (even in mid battle), doesn't save your progress and exit's you to the main menu. This is extremly bothersome. I dont think I ever finished a game session without getting booted out of this game. Even though I bought this game, I am seriously considering Pirating it, so I can continue playing without getting disconnected all the time.

Save youself the trouble and get Heros 5 instead. More content, more factions, better spells and skill tree. AND NO STUPID DRM!!!!
 

(☞'-')☞ t('ヮ't)
295 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
350.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2018
great fun game.

i will never buy another product with 'ubisoft' on it.

ubesoft - what aholios. seriously everything that ever went wrong with publishing videogames was invented by ubisoft.
 

zman1229
59 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2020
Ubiplay! I bought this game on steam to avoid ♥♥♥♥ like that, and now I can't refund because I wanted too long to install and find out it got that ♥♥♥♥. It's a scam!
 

Frida Martine
512 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
111.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2013
I hope people out there will read this before buying this game. Despite being out for 2 years this game is still plagued with bugs. From black screen during loading to random freezing in game (just google Heroes VI and you will see the horde of problems). I highly recommend everyone out there to AVOID THIS GAME. I did not read the reviews beforehand and made this bad purchase. Hopefully this will serve as a warning to others to AVOID THIS GAME!
 

Insanity™
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2019
A game I enjoy totally ruined by that ubisoft garbage app that I have to have in order to play this. I have bought heroes 3, 6 and 7, all of them just laying there cause I really mind installing the aforementioned crap of an app on my PC. Honest to God is there no other way to do it.?
 

Mcpeshee
230 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
Extremely disappointed. Always loved the HOMM series but didn't realize it used Uplay. If I could do it all over again I never would have bought this game. Haven't purchased a Ubisoft game since.
 

Speaker
339 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
112.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 17, 2016
Did you like Heroes 3? Did you enjoy Heroes 5? Then skip Heroes 6...everything about it is just worse. Sadly.
 

Dire
1,005 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
69.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 10, 2014
Awful, broken, and managed to overcome the tremendouse goodwill I had for earlier games in this series.
 

HMM?
202 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2014
Needs Ubisoft's DRM platform UPlay to run at all, don't buy if you don't want to deal with another layer of DRM.
 

jin
258 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
I bought this to play with friends a long time back then stashed it away. Was going through my games library and rembered starting the campaign but wondered why I didn't carry on, it was a good game with good graphics and a interesting story. Read comments section on Uplay and remembered the horror that is Uplay. Now I can't forget about it soon enough...
 

n0misk
431 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
574.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2015
As Heroes V was my first played heroes game, I do not know how it was earlier. My review is hence based on experience with Heroes VI and a relation to heroes V.

I really have to say, the ambience is really great in this game. Great graphics, great sound, great design. It is still clearly a heroes-game as far as I can tell. The new features like reputation, which make the game more replayable and interesting and the new skill system, which I admire with every playthrough, I must say the devs realized a game which uses old concepts with new features seamlessly. Building up the own dynasty is a cool thing, not really necessary though. Just makes your games easier.

Just for the sake of completion:
uPlay sucks!
 

Zlorfik [CH/BY]
258 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
I would not recommend this game. This game witholds powerful items from you if you can't connect to the musertious 'Conflux' servers. and Guess what? You can NEVER connect to the conflux servers. So, in addition to basically denying you powerful items, the game is immensely imbalanced. The developers couldn't take the time to balance the game properly so you know what they did? They gave the computer terrible, unfair advantages. The computer can generate huge armies in little or no time with little or no resources, while the player is discouraged from exploring the map by the ridiculous rate at which the computer gains armies. This makes the campaign feel completely unplayable and unfair. Combine this with U(don't)Play forced into your mouth everytime you turn it on, and a 50% chance that UPlay will crash your game, and this will make a throughly BAD GAME. DO NOT BUY.
 

Winged_Owl
159 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
I have given this game so many chances. I have tried to like it and failed. Even on a brand new computer, this game looks terrible and has major performance issues. I recommend the first four games in the Heroes of Might and Magic series (before Ubisoft took over), but not the fifth or sixth. It pales in comparison to the earlier entries, and is still awful when judged on its own merits. I understand that it was developed by an inexperienced team, and I am sure they will become more skilled later in their careers. They are currently developing Heroes 7. So far, it looks like it will be more of the same, but let's just hope this team can learn from their mistakes. In the mean time, I recommend that you play Heroes of Might and Magic 2, 3, and 4 instead.
 

SM0K1NJ0E86
468 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2014
I used to play Heroes of Might and Magic 2 a bunch when I was a teenager, then I got into the first one because I finished the second one. By the time the third one came out I was not gaming as much. Then the fourth and fifth passed me by. I got the sixth on a whim and steam sale, and let me tell you: I am having so much fun. It is so many different things at once. Strategy, tactics, RPG, city building. So fun. I haven't checked yet, but I am hoping it is co-op, and if so. Bring it on!
 

Joeph
242 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2015
Between the glitches and Ubisofts special software you must download, the game was virtually unplayable. I will never recommend this game to anyone. This game is a big no. Took me 5 hours to just get past the load in screen, and once that happened I got a black screen glitch not even allowing me to play. Don't waste your time buying this game.
 

enwah29
11 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2017
Расисты
 

From Peru?=not human
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2016
UPlay launcher crashes with the message "Uplay launcher has stopped working". There are probably fixes but why buy a product that is obviously not supported? DO NOT BUY.
 

glyph
238 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 25, 2015
Product refunded

这款游戏的经典之处在于：配置越高游戏越卡。

You will enjoy the slowest reaction of the gameplay when you have the best PC.
 

HoroWheats
366 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
It's fun for a few hours but then the game turns hard. Too hard. Unplayable hard. There is no level on the dificulty here, and the story is lame anyway.
 

Camo
162 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
Won't run on most Nvidia graphics cards. No word on updates since 6 months ago!
 

Arthur
339 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2012
*Thumbs Up*
 

Flendomo
139 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
Ubisoft uplay failed to install first try. Had to uninstall reinstall. Uplay is up but it won't accept the cd key for the game. I googled my issue and find an article on it from one year ago... I go to ubisoft support centre, find the article on the issue, and the article's solution steps don't follow the actual uplay configuration. Ubisoft and all of it's products seem to broken.

Who knows, maybe maybe this is a good game... I hope I get to play it one day...
 

Hiphopopotamus
156 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
The game doesn't even start because Uplay crashes on launch. That alone awards it a negative review. As for the game itself. The single player is horrendously unfair. The towns, which used to be the biggest medium for the fantasy of each nation, are ugly, flat, and overall repulsing. I didn't mind the reduction of the number of resources, but the change which introduced the area capture turned the game into chasing enemy heroes in circles. I was also so very excited for the new Sanctuary faction, but it was not enough to salvage my opinion of this one. I hope the next one will be better, but I don't hold much hope.
 

Alivender
304 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2013
The single story is as excelent as every other Heroes game out there and quite enjoyable guaranteed to give you dozens and dozens of hours of gameplay howevever if you want this game for the multiplayer i heed you to a word of caution that multiplayer will most likely not work for one reason or another such as connectivity issues or issues with uplay it just wont let you play with other people i and quite a large % of the heroes community cant play multiplayer games so if u want it for multiplayer you have been warned.

Also Uplay and Ubisoft support along with their forums are by far the worst i have seen in any game and most of their responces are plainly from a textbook and without any effect.

i recomend it for the single player only do not buy for the multiplayer unless it is clearly stated that it has been fixed.
 

Murum
337 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2015
Don't bother buying the effort it takes to START the game up not get game play but start the game is harder than the game itself. Very upset UPLAY is ♥♥♥♥ Steams Broken last ubisoft game I buy

EDIT: unless its The Crew 2
 

TKTroller
346 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2014
This game is so much better than its predecessors it has a huge amount of characters and all the characters have at least some level of background which is really nice to know who you are actually playing as.
 

Eranduel
589 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2015
Beside UPlay and the slew of other bugs, crashes, etc. it really is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ game compared to previous versions. No resource variation, crap missions, just all around no fun, dumbed down, and un-enjoyable.
 

Bivouac
116 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2015
Very, very buggy. Should not have been released in this state. As good as unplayable
 

Omegium
255 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
невозможно запустить
 

Вор какашек
121 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
almoste as good as nr. III
 

banana bread
41 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
162.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2015
another great and fun time consumer
 

Asianwariorking
122 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2015
worst of all previous
 

kupidons
180 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 22, 2018
Loved that game back then.

Now have only issues with uplay...
 

vOiDcOrE
164 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
66.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2014
It's kind of hard to rate this game. It is a part of the M&M Heroes series, which alone makes it worth playing. However, there are some things about this game that I just really don't like very much. Probably the biggest complaint I have is the rushed feeling that this game has about it. Unlike the other games in the series where you were given more time in each level for exploring, this game comes at you fast and furious. It seems like every level you are simply trying to just stay alive long enough to finally build up an army which you can use to rush toward the enemy. There are quite a few areas that you want to explore, but every time you start going toward them, suddenly another large enemy army is marching towards your city(ies), and you have to turn around and defend yourself (there's no way that you can produce a generic hero strong enough to defend yourself, only your main hero has a chance to win.) Even on the easiest level this game just doesn't want to give you the chance to explore and discover all parts of the map. Plus, the longer you take to explore, and look around the enemy quickly becomes so strong that you can't possibly win.
There have been quite a few changes to the actual gameplay and interface as well (some good, some not so good), which is probably more of an individual preference as to whether one likes them or not.
The story doesn't seem to be nearly as strong as was that of HoMM V, plus you have the option of choosing which campaign you want to play, rather than having to unlock the campaigns as you go along (which also kind of takes away from the continuity of the story).
Another huge problem with this game is having to use UPlay to actually play the game. UPlay and Steam just don't want to work well together, and normally I have to try to launch the game 2 or 3 times (sometimes even more), just to get it to actually work. Once I turned Uplay's sinchronizing feature off, it did help a little, but only a little.
If you are a big fan of the series, then you will want to play this game (even with all of it's irritations and quirks), but just don't expect the same epic experience that you got from HoMM V - it just doesn't compare.
 

mdwhiffen
1,482 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
242.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2017
the game is broken it keep crashing and freezing
 

ardget2003
33 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2017
I downloaded this some time ago, and didn't play it much. After playing HOMAM3, I decided to launch this one...but it keeps freezing at the UPlay step and won't open. I can't play it now.
 

TimmyTwoYears
67 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2017
Worst release of heroes ever. No random map builder. Ubi soft blows to deal with. Bugs .. and more. Save your money.
 

Barticus
571 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2017
Why they have DLC that does not even work on anyone's PC
 

Seer
105 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2017
I can't get this game to work, even after jumping through hoops by intallying u play !! A few of my friends as well. What an incredible waste of money!!
 

Zodiac
69 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
217.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2012
Лучшая игра линейки "Герои Меча и Магии" со времен выхода легендарной "трешки".
 

Ragmund
287 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2014
Game is ruined by Ubisoft DRM. Took several days to register a UPlay account because it is broken if you try to register it in game. You need to go to their site and register there first. A nice forshadow of the in game experience.

If your wireless loses connection even breifly it kicks you out of the game you are playing. And thats for SINGLE PLAYER. And you get to start all over again. How fun.

Why do I always have to be connected to play your single player games Ubisoft? So I can get your sweet tweets? You can push extra things for me to buy? Sure there's an offline mode, but theres no excuse for not being able to cache the single player info on a computer then push it to the server the next time it connects.

Not worth whatever price they are selling it at.

 

trogdor
112 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2014
The game doesn't load with Nvidia graphics cards... Ubisoft offers no support for this.
 

Steelmold
59 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
69.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2014
♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft for making me make another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ account somewhere
 

Gumble
280 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2021
It's dead, Jim. Don't buy it.
 

enorca
96 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
uplay is always crashing and you cant do s**t
 

LadyBallz oo
29 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
366.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2015
DRM and Uplay are the two biggest problems with this game.

~If ubisofts servers go down, it will literally boot you to the main menu in the middle of your game, and not let you continue with what you were doing. What the actual ♥♥♥♥.
~You must download and install Uplay to play this, which is a garbage cloud. When you launch from steam, it will launch the Uplay cloud first and then launch heroes. If uplay is down, you cannot launch heroes.
~Nvida card users probably will experience black screen of death often. There are multiple sollutions and checklists its fixable you just got to do it yourself.

Cons about the actual gameplay.
~In campaign, easy mode is to easy, normal mode is too challenging. There is no middle ground.
~Against AI in custom games, hard mode is too easy oddly enough even without dynasty bonus's.
~Combat can become stale.

Cons about the story.
~Not the most memorable story.
~Can feel a bit detached from the fantasy world, not news for a heroes game tho. Every character without a name is just generic and it feels like there are only a handful of characters in this universe.

________________________________________________________________________________

Rather then give you a list of pros with this recommend, I will just give you what I feel are the cons. Heroes 6 does deliver and will provide many hours of gameplay if you can look past the cons.
 

Zangetsu
90 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2019
This game has some problems when i run the game the black screen occur and I can not close the game.
 

goanod
61 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2020
DRM and bug disaster. Do not buy, not worth the few dollars. Play something else. I'm getting my money back, and you shouldn't waste yours on this mess.
 

Fyrscha
250 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2019
Game works. There are two ways to get it to run. It's in the Steam forums.
 

No Name No Chat
654 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2014
This game is awesome, reminds me of Heroes 3; which is the one my friends and i have played to death. THe graphics are better and now the stack of creatures you have avaiilable will transfer from castle to castle. Cant wait to put in a few hundred hours into this badboy.
 

SuperRolo
163 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2013
Buying a Gold edition of a game, consisting of the main campaign and two additional expansion packs, and finding out that only the expansions work, and the game isn't letting you actually PLAY THE GAME, makes me rage and yell very unpleasant things about Uplay and Ubisoft in general.

Horrible game support combined with the worst DRM platform the world has ever seen, plus the fact that you can NOT actually play the game you purchased. Stay away from this unplayable mess.
 

Mrmo
2,381 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
42.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2014
This game was offensively bad. The game itself was OK, although not on par with previous Might & Magic games, but it requires UPlay, which in turn requires a connection to Ubisoft's servers, which are constantly down. If you enjoy not being able to save your game before crashing to desktop reasonable, then you might be OK paying for this. I lost my first campaign game to a crash, lost my save game, and then uninstalled the game.
 

somewhat silly
230 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2014
The game itself is good. However, do not buy this simply due to the complete bollocks that is the Uplay launcher... I bought the original game when it was released and activated the CDkey on Uplay. It played fine. However, the troubles arose when my PC had to be redone due to a virus. When I tried to get back on this game the cd key was apparently "Used by another account" when I have no other account. After some research, it seems people have this same problem, so I am not only stopped from playing this wonderful game due to Uplay, but also lost a good £30.00 because of it (I got Shades of Darkness before trying to replay it).

The game? 7-8/10. The means of being able to play it? 1/10.
 

Hagrid bothers horses
169 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2014
I downloaded this game to play on my windows 7 PC and it didn't work. I tried various support forums and did all the steps that were said to be necessary in order to play this and nothing still worked. At this point I have uninstalled and reinstalled this game 6 times and I grew tired of waiting. Worst experience ever just trying to get the game to work.
 

v.suarez93
8 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2020
Ton of bugs, you have to edit a text file to get the game to open without crashing. Once in game you can be exited out during a Uplay update or autosave. Uplay being the straight trash game launcher it is makes this game unplayable.

If that weren't bad enough this is easily the worst Might & Magic game in the franchise. Remember back when there were like 8 total resources, now there are 3. Might & Magic producers need to look at number 2 and 3 in their franchise and make a modern version of that.

Don't buy this game.
 

Pump Daddy C 屯灰燼
83 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2019
Product refunded

Dont buy it dosnt work
 

Loozer
70 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2014
Dunno whats wrong with this game, seems like they give a damn about you have bougte the game or not.
 

Wasted
110 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2014
Yeh!
 

Mr.Marchev
32 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
Product refunded

Bought the game today and can't unlock it (needs to be done online) due to constantly crashing uplay-launcher.
Paid the money for nothing!
 

Ogre245
413 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
Its the classic heroes game with only crystals as a resource. I never bought heroes series for story so dont know what to tell u about depth of campaign.
 

wabashwarrior
193 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
I almost never write reviews, but I decided to for this game. Upon reading all the negative reviews, I almost didnt buy the game being scared of UPlay DRM issues and such. Finally for $5 on sale, I decided to try my luck with it anyway. Wary of issues, I logged into my Uplay account and added the steam game code before launching it.
Game launched no problem, with no uplay pop-ups or anything, Been playing for a few days now, no UPlay DRM interruption, so maybe people are exaggerating, or maybe they fixed it.

On to the actual game:
Graphics : on par with M&M5, could be crisper but still pretty good. Setting looks very familiar if you've played previous versions. The actual combat has decent details and spell effects, as for the exploring part, it could be better but is in line with M&M5

Gameplay : Plenty of campaign, decently challenging, nice voice-overs done for main quest lines, and the quests dialogue didnt come across as super cheezy text filler.

Heroes have more customizations, legendary weapons that level as you gain experience, and the skill tree has been re-worked to let you create more hybrid builds (knight that can cast aoe mage spells if youd like). There also seems to be a lot more variety on hero gear (most of it set items) so you can really customize your hero.

Combat: You have to move and clear enemies quickly or armies becomes too strong and will cost you valuable units that will be felt on the final battles. This sometimes feels a bit unbalanced but its the same old way as previous versions.

Final thoughts : Uplay never got in my way with DRM (not yet at least), graphics are nice (don't look reallly outdated), gameplay has improved a bit from previous versions, plenty of missions and challenges to complete, if you get this game on sale for under 10$, and you're a fan of the M&M series, you'll enjoy your purchase.
 

Sinerin
691 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
139.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2021
F*ck ubisoft, f*ck uplay and f*ck every single person that works at ubisoft.
 

kaffepause
234 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2014
Doesn't work. Doesn't even launch past "uplay"
Why would you sell me a broken game?
 

Almoa Caelyn
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2014
Game is fine,
But uplay,.. uplay is cancer...
 

gert_
306 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
70.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2014
Do not buy this game.
if you love the old heroes titles this ones not for you, its been absolutely ruined by ubisoft's "U-play" every step of the way ive had problems with it.
U-play is bad.
Its creators are bad.
Anyone associated with it should feel bad.
 

Stelmos
78 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2015
Very Nostalgic.. Same as any of the other Heroes.. You either like em or you don't.
 

Pandaman
33 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2014
Bought in the winter sale, have been trying to play it for 2 days now but uplay won't let me, no matter what i try. Total waste of money and i will never buy a Ubisoft game again (until they get rid of uplay that is).
 

LordDoofus
204 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
Buggy as all hell. can't make it even load up.
Steam should gets its act together here if they want to put it on sale....
 

HeliosAFlame
394 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
The worst entry in the series, IMO. Play Heroes of Might and Magic 3 or 5 for a real idea of what this series is about.
 

bait
342 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2014
Good game!
 

Webby
132 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
114.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
It's the average, less exiting M&M experience. The combat is about the only thing that keeps this game together, as the rest is really sort of meh. Options are limited / dumbed down, there's only 1 way to go for most heroes for optimum effect and the AI cheats their asses off to a point where it's just frustrating, rather than a challenge.

And let's not talk about the multiplayer, or the lack of a proper working one and there's no LAN option at all. It's absolutely horrid and Ubisoft refuses to fix the problem, or even reply to the made complaints. In my case (and many others) I get 'out of sync' after 50 or so turns. I reload the game from 7-10 turns ago, still 'out of sync'. This happens with every multiplayer game.

It's rather hard to recommend the game because of these flaws, but, the combat is really well executed.
It may be better to get this when it's 80% off or something, it's deffinatly not worth the full price. That said, I forgot to leave out that it has the Uplay requirement and after that, you're required to be always online (yes, it will kick you out of a single player game if you disconnect).
 

Epicje
850 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
461.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
Much better than Heroes VII!
 

Morgawr
32 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2014
Five with better graphics and new campains. Forget about the U play nagging. Never had a ptoblem signing in or crashing.
Must have for fans of the Genre. Solid 4 stars.
 

onlyhippies
662 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2015
The AI cheats and is terribly unbalanced. The AI's armies will always be 2x-3x or more the size of your's, will be hitting for max (or closer to max) damage more often, and will whittle down your stack sizes faster than you ever can ever hope to. This is true even on the easiest settings.

The tutorial campaigns are misleading, as the game seems balanced (if not a tad easy). Do not expect this to last long.

Either take the time to download a cheat trainer (as there are no simple cheat codes) and cheat harder than the AI.... or just don't play.
 

Jakunen
359 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
266.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2015
One of my favorite games of all time. I'd put it in my top 15, I would say. Yeah, its not AS good as Heroes of Might and Magic 3, but I still think its a pretty great time. The visuals are colorful, vibrant and very easy on the eyes. The gameplay was just as addicting as its always been in the HoMM series, wanting to do just one more turn before you left the game, eventually with the sun rising in your window. I also really liked the new addition of the Tears/Blood system, with getting special abilities depending on how you play and all that. I also loved the new faction, Sanctuary. Now, there are some missteps in all of this, of course. One, as the majority have mentioned, is the DRM. And I do have to agree that Uplay can be quite an annoyance, almost more so than Origin half the time. I will say that I have had less issues with it than I have had with Games for Windows Live, but that's not saying much. There is also a lack of factions. Not saying I need ten of them or anything, but just a couple more for a bit more variety. One of my favorite things to do as a kid was playing through all the different factions of HoMM 3, and wish I could have a similar experience with this one. Overall, I still think this game is worth picking up, especially with its sales prices. But if you really hate clients such as Uplay and Origin(which by all means, I understand) then I would say you should probably skip it, as it can cause issues. If not, and you enjoy strategy/turn based rpg's, then this is a great entry to a fantastic, venerable series. 9.4/10.
 

DakotaJH
210 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2017
I enjoy the Heroes of Might and Magic series but this game is a buggy mess. The worst bug randomly cuts out all lighting making it impossible to play that save. Dont buy this product
 

Just7hrsold
82 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
286.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
good way to waste your money & time!
don't be fooled by special offer price!
 

ssabba
84 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
225.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
Avoid Uplay; glitchiest system I've seen in recent years. Only could play with antivirus off.
Game is alright but not worth the headaches that comewith.
 

Caffeinated
251 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
85.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
I was gifted the game, but when I go to play the main game, it says that I have to purchase it. Very confusing.
 

xMykeyx
215 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
Uplay doesn't even work! It keep crashing! Don't waste your money here.
 

mudows
607 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
played the demo and loved it but go to buy the game and it doesnt work gotta love uplay junk
 

Kornutz99
99 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
Uplay launcher issues dont waste your money
 

Gladiator
85 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2014
unless you want another game your never going to play in your library dont bother getting this, every time ive tryed to play its never once connected to conflux and wont let you play at all offline not even skirmish/custom game, what a wast of money and time
 

mony_mike
323 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
321.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
Focusing on graphics and trying to fix what wasn't broken makes for a ♥♥♥♥ game. Pretty much tarnished the Heroes of Might and Magic name with rubbish like this, and the new one coming out soon looks to be exactly the same as this one.
 

Free
227 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
From a Developer capable of great things comes unforgivable mediocrity.

After you get it working (download uplay direct from ubisoft), it will run like crap on a computer that runs bf4, arkham knight, etc at 1080 on ultra smoothly. Turns take the AI forever. The fun parts of homm are virtually non-existent, and the annoying parts are now the main part of the game. Combat graphics and animations are frivolous and uninspiring.

These devs need to go play homm3 complete and learn to steal from the right place instead of adding more code to this frankenstein. Get a pitchfork and burn this monster to death.
 

Folken
261 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
played older Might and magic games this felt very cut out a lot of good that 5 had and stuff in ♥♥♥♥ that really didn't matter.
just go back to 3 or 5 if you want a better experience.
 

Naito
200 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2015
Disconnect after disconnect from uplay - oh you lost your connection, well than you will be dropped from the map, right now.

Not worth your time, its only a shadow that was ones a good game series.
 

Killburnmk3
338 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
U[dont]play sucks. Wont run.
 

Vay
215 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Product refunded

Uplay continously crashes.... not able to play at all.... Waste of money
 

ᛈᛊᚺᛜᚻᛟ
43 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Steam you are selling a broken game. take it down. U-play will not let you even start the thing.
 

basic112233
519 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Product refunded

DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!. There is an error with windows 8.1 i think that stops the supporting launcher form launching the game, it is completly unplayable.
 

Kn0ckz
173 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
f u c k i n g Uplay
 

LoLPeRLoL
395 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
The game itself is great, BUT: It crashes very often (black screen / crash to desktop) when entering a city screen. This is a common issue that is well known by many players. However, Ubisoft shows no interest in this problem - there is still no patch that fixes it. Too bad, because without these frequent crashes, the game would be great. But as it is, it's quite unplayable and not worth buying.
 

mk53v3n
507 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
So I have to press play on Steam, wait for Ubisoft to press play there only to redirected back to Steam to press play again....So basically the horrible Ubisoft program is acting as a middle man between Steam and Steam? Great game, horrible service.
 

Irishie
186 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
107.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Require Uplay, still unplayable and unsable because of numerous bugs-issues-lags (even when playing alone !).
Uplay and Ubisoft are the greatests video game market scammers : they will never again have my money.

This HoMM6 version is a joke in term of strategy, co-op, IA... there is not even 1 element of this game that can challenge the first versions of HoMM.

Ubisoft should be prosecuted for releasing bugged/unfinished games like this.
 

BLU13
220 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
Have to log into Ubisoft's Uplay...not worth it.
 

Czarni
363 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
uplay intergration ruins this game, so much so to the point that uplay launcher that is launched from here randomly crashes on my machine.
 

[C/R]Aselus
581 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2014
two words Ubisoft uplay
 

crusader523
131 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2014
Screw UPlay and any game associated with it.
 

Architraz
129 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2014
Stupid uplay doesn't work at all. Useless
 

Jude
122 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2014
uplay will not let me log in in online and wont let me even try log in in offline mode so payed 30 buck for might and magic 6 and cant even play it
 

vlad5186
116 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Best game ever. Took everything that was great about Heroes III and completley disregarded it.
Spent 4 hours ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around on the internet trying to fix a crash on strat with u-play, could find no soloutions. Had to make fifteen accounts with 14 different companies.
10/10 would give all their money to Abstergo again.
 

「THE WALL」
366 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
To say good game ruined by Uplay. First i had problems with log - always error -> solution go to steam folder change Gu & Might & Magic Heroes VI to run as admin, so it started, first mish done, start 2nd and screen says you cant use this features in offline mode (WTF im online all the time).
Alltogether good game, graphics and f***** protection.
Now conclusion if you like HOMM its worth to have it, if its on discount, if its your first game - dont.

Update: so game have save option and autosave - game cant load saved files.
DONT BUY.........
 

hobbit
835 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
49.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
Uplay sucks. Will not run at all. Even when I could play it the game its self is broken because you get a black screen when entering combat and the only way to fix it is ctr alt delete and task manager out loosing all progress. black screen happens reguraly to the point the game is unplayalbe
 

Daltino
148 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2014
Wasted money. Purchased as a pack. Had issues with UPlay failing to load, so i couldnt play. Then after getting though that the game crashes on start up. Sad, because i enjoy the series and enjoyed what parts i was able to play. Just cannot recommend cause what good is a program that dosent actualy load.
 

Krazer
504 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
494.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2017
A very enjoyable addition to the M&M series. The campaign storyline is compelling and adds much depth to the game.
 

Brioche
12 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2017
An all time favorite game that is very enjoyable to play.
 

zanathas
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
279.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2017
I love this game. I have played the majority of M&M games and this falls right in line. I miss the loss of one of the factions but it is still a good game.
 

118 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2014
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!! It is broken! Even with all of the manual fixes posted to "fix" the bugs with this game, because Steam and Ubisoft won't fix them, many of you won't be able to even launch the game.
Waste of time and money
 

peterspackman
148 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
204.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2017
Pre-review backstory:
I am 19, first HoMM game I played was HoMM3, followed up with a small bit of HoMM2. Played HoMM between the ages of 8-15, irregularly as my uncles were the ones who had the games, then on and off for a bit the last 4 years.
Mind you, I NEVER touched the campaigns in those games, only played skirmishes with my uncles and some skirmishes solo to practice.

Now in the recent sales, I noticed HoMM6 was available quite cheaply and I said "♥♥♥♥ it" and bought it, I never had the ability to buy games before I turned 19 and by then I had forgotten about this game.

----------------------------------------------------------

Actual review: Never having played a newer HoMM game and also never having tried campaigns before, it was the first thing I did to get into the game.

Started the Dark Elf campaign and let me tell you how it went: After failing 3 times in a row on the first mission, I finally understood the mechanics of the game and also the strategy, I finally finished the first mission. So I load in the next mission. Brickwall'd. Tried it 7 times, was always either one turn too late or had too few units to finish it. But I had noticed the Dynasty weapons, and I've now looked them all up and I feel quite happy because this is progression that I enjoy - grinding exp to get tangible bonuses on permanent items.

I gave up on the Dungeon campaign and decided to do tutorial. It's a breeze now that I know all mechanics and strategies.

Immediately follow up on tutorial with Necropolis campaign, not too hard although VERY long. The content in campaigns is mostly combat and build-up to combat, which I like, it's action packed and not something you go through in a day.
Since I have limited time to play due to work I can plough through 1 mission/night if I'm lucky.

Anyways, in my Necropolis campaign I realized I could collect more Dynasty weapons playing through the campaign, and I can do it in any order I want, but me being anal about it wanted to try it in order.

So after Necropolis I tried Haven - upfront let me tell you, I hate Haven, so I wasn't looking forward to this grind. Gave up about 40% into the first mission after 3 restarts, they are so NOT my faction, and I'll go back after I've leveled up my weapons to make it easier to just hammer through it.

Up next I felt like doing Inferno, and man was I looking forward to this! Suffice to say, I love all evil factions, and Inferno are much cooler now compared to in HoMM3, where the final tier unit was a funny looking devil, while here it's this sort of Balrog-y "Pit Lord". I. LOVE. THIS.

I did the first mission, it was a blast. But the second is a bit too hard, so I'll adopt my strategy for Haven and wait on my Dynasty weapons.

Replaying Dungeon currently, and it's going great. With the experience from playing through Necropolis and doing a lot of Inferno and Haven, I am moving forward again.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Gameplay feels very HoMM-y and I like it.
Graphics are good, nothing to complain about - I find that as long as it's not something that would return to HoMM3 graphics then it'll suffice and I hope it's enough for other players - more and more people seem to find graphics an issue, which is a bit sad. Anyways, the game is really pretty to look at, in my eyes at least.
Dialogue is silly and/or sarcastic or just caricatures. Not sure how I feel about it, and I wish I had played the older games' campaigns to compare.
Story is a bit... weak. I don't like the idea of the first 5 factions in the game (campaign wise) are all allied to eachother due to them all being siblings, all seemingly trying to complete the same goal.
Sounds are sometimes REALLY well made, and sometimes just laughable. Manticores flying sounds like something from a kids cartoon show. Don't know if it's due to me having set speed higher in combat, but stuff like that really does emasculate things.
Grind is good. I like it, and I like playing the campaign to collect more weapons. Can't wait to level them all up and use them against friends potentially.
Which brings me to the last point, I've heard terrible stories of how ♥♥♥♥ the multiplayer is, so I hope it's going to be no problem.

I'm gonna convince some friends to get this game then play VS. them and update this review afterwards.

So long, I'd say this game is a 9/10, it's a game I'm going to play for a long time I think.
 

Didi
262 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2014
Buying this game resulted in one thing only for me. And that is me never buying a Ubisoft title again. The game might be wonderful but iv yet to manage playing 1 minute of it. I realy wish they told you before getting the game that you will have to use Ubisofts own platform/launcher setup.

Congrats Ubisoft, you managed to get my money, but it will be the last time i ever purchase from you.
 

Hitchslap
206 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
DON'T BUY THIS BROKEN MESS, even at 4.99 it isn't worth it.Let me explain . Heroes III was one of the first videogames I played, and I loved the series ever since. This one is a joke,the AI cheating is ridiculous , they have absolute vision , free troops every week or even day and if you fight them when you're supposed to win , they'll just flee and not lose troops. I even encountered a time when I had 2 castles and the deadly enemy hero came , I was in one castle so he went on to the other , I used town portal to defend my other castle and he just went for the first castle ( he never went that far , so he shouldn't know where my hero is ) and that process was repeated infinitely.This is cheap and unfortunate since the creature and world design is great and a good innovation from the previous titles. The leveling system is convoluted but offers some freedom.
 

260 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
212.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2017
After HoMM4, I thought they wouldn't make another one that could compel me to put as many hours as into as I have. A bit of background, I have played HoMM 2-7 now. 2 and 3 were awesome, because compared to the other games of that era they just felt more polished in my opinion, and yes I have played those other games. Can't think of their names atm. HoMM4, for me is still the best one. Cities are autonomous, carts fast move items between cities, troops can move without a hero, heroes fight on the battlefield the same as troops. It required so much more strategy. 5, was a calling back to the originals, but the story left a bad taste in my mouth. Never really cared for it. This one though, I keep coming back to it. I will sink in enough time to finish one of the stories. Take a break. Come back a week or month later, and play the next story. Graphics are solid, and the story is actually interesting. My only hang up is how there is basically a select set of skills everyone should go for depending on if they have might or magic affinity. Regardless, the trick of losing next to no troops, because you can't win if you don't, is a good way to melt your brain every battle. I will pick up the next one in the series after I finish with this one.
 

Wasianmaster
371 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
139.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2017
I don't understand why there are so many negative reviews. I've never had any problems with Uplay. This is by far one of my favorite games. I have played all of the other games in the HoMM series and I still think this game is one of the best. The gameplay and graphics are polished and I think, overall, the game is very well done.
 

Tetragrammaton
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2017
Yes, this is not Heroes 3 or 5 but I really enjoyed the game and compared to Heroes 7 this is a masterpiece.
The campaing and the story were pretty good.
And I liked the ideea to fight with your entire army vs 1 boss.
Get the complete edition if it's on sale.
 

Robert41
98 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
91.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2015
Excellent game loved all heroes of might an magic can't wait to see more from this group
 

Taucet
366 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
570.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2017
I really don't know why this game doesn't have a high recommendation from it's players. I strongly recommend this game. Graphics, mechanics, balance and story are pretty good. You'll surely get your money's worth.
 

Argentium Astrum
138 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
80.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2015
Graphics are pretty cool for a turn-based strategy, especially compared to the previous Heroes games. But in terms of gameplay everything is simplified - lower number of resources, common army pool, easy town portal for every hero etc. There are some good ideas like forts / zones of control, and even town conversion could be a pretty good idea if implemented in a different way (e.g. took several days, cost much more, and was not allowed for every castle in the game). But general impression is still not very good, considering that there are still some bugs in the game (4 years after release!), and that UPlay client is inconvenient and buggy (crashed on start immediately after installation, and kept crashing until I fixed some issues with file permissions - it is clearly written in a very bad style if it tries to write something into his own Program Files directory). But, if you're a fan of Heroes series - you should definitely try it out. It was still a lot of fun to me, especially playing new Dungeon faction - their creatures are very cool.
 

EvilMF
290 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2021
Ubisoft not skilled at making a Launcher to work they need to return to school and learn basic programming
 

WhiteMoon
83 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2021
Don't support Ubisoft. Don't buy this game. It's not a terrible game, but it is a terrible company that does not deserve your money. Buy Heroes 3 if you want to play Might and Magic.
 

BubblezCJ
275 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
53.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2021
It forces uplay conectivity even while playing over steam, ill stick to replaying heroes 3 on my tablet
 

Jester
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2021
not working
 

Myco
162 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2020
if you liked 1-5 youll like this
 

Raphanardo
48 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2013
Ubisoft DRM is awful. I had a blip in my internet connection which then kicked me out of my game. I figured I could bypass the always online DRM but it turns out that my saved games were stored online and not locally...

The game itself sometimes becomes impossible when you take too many turns, the AI becomes over powered.
 

S dot L dot
1,178 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
44.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2021
A decent game but it was unfortunate enough to be in the HoMM franchise, which had quite a few amazing games over the years.
I'd suggest grabbing HoMM5, and slapping the 5.5 mod on top for a MUCH better experience.
If you're not bothered by late 90s graphics go to GoG and grab yourself HoMM3, and install the HD mod(NOT THE HD EDITION ON STEAM IT SUCKS) on it for a slightly polished 90s cult classic.
 

Timburek
60 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2017
great and fun game played it for 90 hours not board of it, totaly worth it!
 

number12kek
153 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2017
The game doesn't launch anymore, what is the problem?
 

Giant Zob
63 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
263.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 23, 2017
It is just good to kill your time!

Old M&M games are dead now,sorry
 

Saiicho97❤
60 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2015
Product refunded

Can't even play it, Uplay doesn't work. Thanks for needing a launcher for another platform to play a game i bought on steam.
 

Kudos
230 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2015
This game doesn't even work. Don't waste your money.
 

Asadachi
52 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2015
Garbage.
Even if you manage to conenct to Uplay, the game itself is uplayable and constantly crashes and deletes save games.
 

Tassit
366 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
109.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2018
Unable to play the game, tried everything available on internet, Blank Screen always on startup, no matter what i do. UBI Started to suck big time now, especially after their UPLAY and loads of account hacking, I am not sure if i would want to buy any other game by UBISoft.
 

A327
317 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
126.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
Like most other people who have purchased this, I'm here to say this game flat out does not work. There is a visual glitch that causes the screen to be darkened almost to black which cannot be resolved. I initially read other people's complaints about this and thought "it can't happen to ME" but sure enough it did - it's not a hardware issue, it's an actual problem with the game itself. The devs fired their entire crew after the game was released and this issue was never patched. After spending some time trying to troubleshoot the graphics from inside the game, Steam refuses to refund me my money because, according to them, I played an unplayable game for more than 2 hours. Simply don't buy it, even if you love HOMM because it's not going to work. Steam - it's amoral AF of you to a) sell a game you know won't work and b) refuse to refund it when it's unplayable regardless of how long your clock runs. I don't think I'd even had the game downloaded for 5 hours, let alone running for that period of time. Something's shady.
 

Vulpexa
67 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2015
I wish I could play it. I was really looking forward to finally taste the M&M saga but I can't get through the uPlay stuff. It updated itself 3 times, then it starts crashing in 30-40 second. I was able to go though the registration in several attempts but then it turns out I've got the account but forgot the password. I let them to send me a reseting link and now it's been like several hours and nothing showed up. Remember, the uplay gui is crashing on me so time is ticking. It took me ages to rush thought the forms and did it in time before crash.
I don't have patience for this and I already playing something else. I really don't understand the need for another system once it is on steam (other than monetization for the publisher - of course). I though once it's on steam, those game will be free of those things ;(
If there will be some easy way to get my money back, I'll return everything fro the ubisoft weekend, since I can't play single damn thing because of uPlay. ;(
 

jabbasan
91 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2016
Broken, always-on DRM. Got a shaky connection? Sorry, you've been disconnected. You will be returned to the main menu. I hope you didn't want to like save or anything, because we won't let you.

Pirate Jewbisoft games for a better game experience.
 

Xolotl
181 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2014
Truly a sad day when i find myself not recommending a might and magic game but it has to be this way for the simple fact that its not playable because of Uplay i wish i could just start the game and not even have to use uplay because It crashes EVERY time i start it i cant even play the game I payed for... You know its funny tho im pretty sure i would like the game.. If i could play it but like i said Uplay crashes every time i try to start it frankly its BS. if you want a game in your steam liabrary that litterally looks like it would be fun to play and nostalgic (cant spell) because you enjoyed the old ones, but cant play go ahead waste your money. if not stay away stay far away from this steaming pile of... well you get the idea.
 

sackith_99
379 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
272.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2014
Big fan here, but still disappointed at such few races. AI is stupid.
 

Elluvian
168 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2014
Dont buy this game off steam, its totally unplayable because of assface Uplay, wont be able to connect to the CONFLUX. meaning that you cant even play singleplayer.

good job, Uplay, Good job.
 

HanoiMilkshake
279 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
100.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2014
Never get. it uses UPlay. didn't know till too late.
 

Doverish
618 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2014
Good game, a little hard !
 

.Oloo.
63 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2014
Cannot start it on my two years old laptop. Disappointed!
"Laptop versions of these cards may work but are NOT supported. The Game was not tested with onboard graphics cards, including laptops."
 

yev
19 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2015
Uplay troubleshooting simulator.
 

Jklopi
143 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2014
Very upset with this purchase. Uplay is a failed launcher, and if it had been openly advertised that i needed a whole other launcher to play the damn game i would have never bought it. Thanks Steam for only putting that in tiny light grey writting at the very bottom. If i ever get Uplay to launch without crashing, ill write about what the game is like.
 

K-Fed
240 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2014
devoid of rich flavour once was in 3do's heroes of might magic, the game is stone cold, lacking any real piece of writing, the story is written for 3 year old. it is like they inherited a mansion from the old HOMM, destroyed all the decoration and laid a concrete shell out of it
 

alyph
455 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2015
Do not buy this POS! The Uplay account will constantly lose your password and prevent you from ever accessing this game! I have been trying for two weeks, and have yet to even start the game. Total waste of money and time!
 

jhansen
73 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
155.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2015
Pointless to buy the complete edition when it doesnt give you any of the promised goods. And gettig a hold of U play support is a pain.
 

cub_wolf
116 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2014
requires UPlay. Too bad noticed UPlay after I've bought it.
 

shuiva
228 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2015
This could potentially be a great game. And when I got the original (no extra content), it was a great time playing it, though Uplay was a great pain in the ass.. Now with the updates, its mindlessly bugged, with no chance of a hotfix, and Uplay is just plain awful to be around... So yeah, not recommended, 90% due to Uplay being crap.
 

Ezendizar
61 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
80.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2015
great game just keeps freezing and thats it then cant go any further alson try to play other campaigns only for them to be too dark to see and to play very very frustratingand in essence not worth it shame though could be best yet
 

phoughtonthomas
6 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2014
This game is basically just inferior to HoMM5 in nearly every way. It appears to use the same engine/assets for many things, which by itself is not necessarily a bad thing. This is probably the nicest thing I have to say about it. The story seems to be set in the same world as the previous game, but is completely unrelated. Again, not necessarily a bad thing, if not for the fact that the delivery of said story was far worse than in HoMM5. The voice acting was mediocre, and the writing is on the same level. While I could not force myself to further the story to try the gameplay in later missions, there doesn't appear to be anything new. Not that I expect there to be, since it is still the same engine.

The real warehouse of nails in this game's coffin is the fact that it forces you to use uPlay. Why Ubisoft feels the need for more DRM in top of Steam is beyond me, and why they decided to make this DRM as bad as it is is a rabbit hole down which I dare not go. In any case, expect to spend close to an hour trying to figure out why uPlay is crashing, failing to patch, and not linking to Steam (a feature it claims to have). Oh, and this is all assuming the servers are up. When you do get it to work, you will still probably have to work around uPlay "features", like it's overlay, which interfere's with Steam's overlay, and the strange GFWL-style secondary menu that looks like part of the game but isn't.

Overall, I would recommend this game to literally no one. If you're new to the franchise, do not start with this game. See if you can find a friend with a copy of HoMM5, preferably on a disk so that you don't have to deal with Ubisoft's DRM. If you're a veteran, you probably own one of the other games already. I would suggest modding them, or just replaying the older ones, until the 7th installment of the series comes out. Not that I have high hopes.

In summary, incredibly mediocre rehash of the last game with no improvements, difficult to set up because of uPlay being terrible.

3/10

At least, if you do get it working, the custom games aren't too much worse than before.
 

Wutelgi
223 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2014
Great game ( tried on a friend's PC ). Why I do not recommend it? Stupid stupid UPlay. And the problem is not that you have to install and register to Unisoft service. The problem is that it is completely unstable. It crushes easily and it disconnects you from the game ( losing your saved files ). Which is terrible... particularly when you are playing solo...
 

Gondolaro Psicopatico
1,447 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
143.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2014
This was a total let down of the series comparable to Heroes IV. Not only that the new features were trashy, dumb, and uninteresting, the story is BS. Let's hope that the next one will be a remake of either Heroes III or Heroes V. I don't trust their "innovation" capability anymore.
 

Airotciv
104 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
182.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2014
I started playing this game over three years after its release, and it is still packed with bugs. If you do buy this game, do not load any game with a magic affinity dynasty weapon equiped. It may dramatically increase spell cost.

If you can learn the bugs in this game, how they happen and how to avoid them, it is a pretty good game. I just can't recomend any product with as many bugs as this game has.
 

Hudson
532 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2014
I bought this games in the hopes to play the multiplayer, but that's not working. :(
pretty sad, I'm not even motivated to give singleplayer a try - uplay is annoying as **** though that luckily doesn't crash for me.
The multiplayer problem i have seems to have been there since the release of the game and in the 2-3 years the game's been out it hasn't been patched, nor been properly addressed in the forums in any helpful manner.
I'll be careful to avoid ubisoft games at any cost from now on.

I hope u guys have a better experience than me.
 

Chahir
140 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2014
I love HOMM2, 3, 4, 5 was so so and 6 is awful. UPlay is a terrible idea and it doesn't work well. this game looks nice, but they removed the town pictures at first, then we cried and we got it in a patch. the storyline was mediocre. sadly, this game just isn't fun to play. the computer can become severly overpowered ruining single player experience. having Uplay go down while you are playing means you get boooted from the campaign and then can't continue your 'online' campaign. happened too many time so I turned it off. I honestly played this game for nearly 2 hours but was booted from Uplay so many times that I uninstalled it and said never again. hopefully if there is a HOMM7, they will learn from the terrible mistakes of this game. as a long time fan, of the series I was pretty dissapointed.
 

EmperorTomatoKetchup
95 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
201.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2014
uplay wont open wtf i paid for this game
 

gascanbe
3 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2016
Zzzzz.
 

distributedlife
1,010 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
165.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2015
insanely buggy, glitches all the time and even renound for black screening randomly through a game. Do not buy this game and waste your money on a game that doesnt work.
 

PuR3Cha0s
75 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2014
this piece of ♥♥♥♥ is only designed for ATI graphic card, next time when you sell a game like this crap, you better put a big title " ATI users only!!!!!", and fu*k you robbing bastard.
 

MadNug
206 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 27
When you press play why doesn't it just launch the game?

You just get Uplay instead... and I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
 

Maclain
103 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2014
Always loved the Heroes games and this one doesn't break that trend. Follows in the same line with new plot, better graphics and the same fun the others bring. Massing an army and crushing your foes!
 

theendlessone
4,282 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
280.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2014
Very good game! Don't believe the guys who lament about Conflux, played 275 hours without ever noticing a single instance of Conflux messing up. If you liked the previous iterations up to HoMM4 this one wont disappoint you.
 

Binomag
427 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,107.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2021
I love this game. The cut scenes are so well done. I'm amazed they produced this level of quality in practically every aspect of the game. If they were to utilize the more advanced tools to build an even more appealing version graphically with the same interface for gameplay I would purchase it in a heartbeat and tell all of my friends to as well.

With different versions they released, they fell way short of what they managed to achieve here. They should use this as a template for what to release in the future. Get the people back on board to try and recreate the same level of quality across the board. Just an all around great product which has caused me to commit over 1000 hours of my life indulging in it. Immersing myself in the storyline and how it plays out. Going after the expansions and the achievements. Leveling up the weapons. The core campaign has the best by far though.

I really hope they make and market one just like this game. I will wait and hope that one just like it is developed as well.
 

Oob
76 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2015
My only complaint is that all the maps are pregenerated - you can't generate random maps.

The gameplay is a balancing act of economy building which is pretty subtle. I lost an easy map 3 times before figuring out a way that worked (and even then I might have just gotten lucky).

The music is excellent - which means a lot coming from me. I'm very picky about music.

Also the artwork is very well done and nice to come back to.

This is not a TBS like Civilization, because the maps are very linear and sort of contrived. You can't build as many cities as you want - everything is fixed on the maps. But it's still FUN and really artful and some of the artwork is so good I'll forget about the game for months and then an image pops up in my head and I want to play this again.

The tactics are interesting because some units take up more than a single square - like 2x2. In those cases you can set up shielding formations to protect your most important units, maybe other cases too.

Yes buy it.

Also... as far as Uplay goes... yes it's a pain in the ass, but so is Steam. It's just another platform and this is just the way developers do marketting. I don't care. I can still get to the gameplay and I enjoy it once I get there. That's all I care about. Uplay IS a pain in the ass though - they want to suggest 2-step verification. Guess what Uplay - this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game not a bank account I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about your stupide 2-step verification ideas!
 

Der Liebe Frankie
356 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2018
It's a disgrace that Ubisoft can get away with releasing a game like this that's still broken to this day. Black screen on start up, failing to synchronise cloud saves, being unable to connect to a friend's game online (asking me to check internet connection - well, I'm talking with him on Skype, so I'm preeeetty sure my internet is not down). I've played this for 23 hours and I have no saved games to show for it, because the game can't save my progress.

Do not buy.
 

Ajensis
138 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2014
One of the best games that I ever played... btw dont forget to buy complete edition with SoD... its much better... just learn how to play and enjoj.
 

sv. Aleksandar
50 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
450.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2014
UPlay can crawl in a corner and die.

It doesn't matter anything else about the game.

If it goes through UPlay, don't bother.
 

anti.breeder
39 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2016
Zero content once installed. UPlay interface clearly screws it up somehow. You stole my money Steam and UBI Soft!
 

RuneTheViking
223 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2021
Game no longer launches correctly. And no patch attempts have been made.
 

Elysiandragon
469 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2019
Product refunded

when i load in the game its just stays black and the game doesn t work .this game is a waste of money
 

gia_ro_011
31 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2014
Really buggy. Barely works with my nVidia GeForce GTX 560Ti even after the patches to fix nVidia compatibility issues. A huge waste of time and money.

Additionally it uses Uplay (Ubisoft's version of Steam) which acts as a launcher and overlay. This is also terrible but familiar to anyone who's played Farcry 3.
 

tommy
418 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2016
Do not buy this game.
My PC is an i7, 3GHz, 24GB of ram and a GeForce 960 1GB video adapter
Playing on high graphics settings is not possible as I never get 30fps. Then I tried low graphics and I get 70fps, except every time I move my hero it goes down to 20fps.
I am able to play games like Shadow of Mordor on full graphics without a glitch. How is that possible??

The DRM is terrible, having to install UPlay and be always online is outrageous.
Loading times are very long.
Sometimes textures are missing from the game and I can see the checkered placeholder instead.

I am a big fan of the Heroes franchise but what Ubisoft has done here is at best a wannabe that should be forgotten.
The 20 hours I have on record are already too many for what this game deserves

I would be ashamed of releasing anything like this as an indie/garage developer.
On top of that it has been 5 years and every couple of years I come back to the game hoping for a patch that would make it playable. Instead they release and charge for 2 more expansions of the same crap.

I guess I'm giving up. I'll uninstall it finally and will probably not buy the next one either, because to me this feels like a scam.
 

neuraltoys
1,317 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2019
*Update - Thank you to the person you friended and messaged me. The game now works.

I really loved this game when I played it ages ago. So much so that I spent forever trying to remember its name so I could play it again. Imagine my disappointment when it simply will not run.

I have uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. I have updated anything and everything I can think of. I downloaded the ubisoft game launcher. I tried the all the suggestions from other reviews and boards and still nothing! I even was seconds away from just buying the newest version of this game, and then thought that was some BS as I shouldn't have to buy a WHOLE NEW GAME just because their older one wont work anymore.

I'm over it.
 

Jinxxi
23 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2019
Great game! MMH6 is a beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack and atmosphere.

The combat and strategy is also challenging and fun. I highly recommend it!

Most of the negative reviews are not about the game itself, which is good....and more about the need to be connected to the Conflux/Uplay. That is understandably frustrating, but once you get used to it, its not so bad.

There was also the black screen bug which I had to find a fix for, but that was easily solved and well worth the effort, as it now runs perfectly on my PC. It is an amazing gem of a game and well worth trying.
 

Madrict
70 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2019
Horrible optimiziation. I have more than sufficient machine to play it on in very good quality, and I just can't play it smoothly, no matter how low settings I choose, which entirely ruins the game. There are other issues as well, but this is the most grave one for me.
 

Borland
329 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
99.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2019
Loved this game, wish they'd take a minute to actually make it work so I could play it :/
 

Fluffy Harmless Kitten
214 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2019
gtx1080 etc etc, 1 hour load, 1 hour registration, won't start...spinning blue circle of death...♥♥♥♥ steam...♥♥♥♥ uplay
 

timtopeka
11 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2015
UPLAY APPCRASH. DON'T BUY THIS
 

ponlietal
298 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2015
Uplay
 

jeffreymdbeck
140 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2015
Don't buy it... Ubisoft is ripping Steam users off and their uplay service isn't working and I want a refund for ths rip off!
 

Beavans :)
61 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2015
Uplay platform sucks. I can not even play the game half the time
 

CaptainSalty
152 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
208.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2015
Game comes with a buggy UBIsoft launcher, which is super annoying. I love the game, I love the series, but launching the game is a chore.
 

quackorthefowl
124 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2019
I'm a huge M&M fan and my childhood is full of memories of this franchise
But this one here is Terrible beyond imagination that it feels like a school project made by the most stupid students in the school
The good thing and probably the only one is the world design which is typical might n magic world which gave me alot of nostalgia
Braveland which is indie title is 10x better than this one
3/10
 

PAW.Predator
1,727 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
198.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2017
I give up on anything that requires uplay. it's glitchy. you can never connect to the network which means you miss out on a bunch of game features. there are only a handful of maps to play with and they got rid of the map editor which sucks. i grew up with might and magic but this is the last time i play one.
 

SomewhatSavagePanda
134 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
Product refunded

This game is totally broken. It crashes before I can even input my game key. If you go to the Uplay website they don't even list it in the list of products that you can register. I guess I paid for nothing...
 

Soulsurfer
361 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
138.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
Reminds me more of HoMM3 than the other sequels (4 & 5). Very long story driven main campaign and a lot of other stuff to do.
 

Anvi
212 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
Super Deep game. Not the type you can put down for a month and come back to and expect to remember everything that you had going on before.
 

mfrank1492
120 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
448.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2015
Hours of fun customization and entertainment.
 

Ravage
59 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2019
I try to buy it Both on here and on ubisoft and so they both mess me up because i use windows 10 and as for steam im in no clue what 3rd party thing is about so im stuck there im writing this to see if i can get help
 

chaosvoltar
38 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2017
Please hold while you're connected with an agent.
Determining your queue position...
Meanwhile you can review these related FAQs below

Prepare for lots of this if you buy this game.
 

Jdubz
96 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
93.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2020
Just yes.

When you are high as f* and want to enjoy a game of heroes this is the best : Very fast on modern hardware. IA doesn't take 1 minute for a tour
 

Jurion
61 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2014
Takes me back to Heroes III, pure oldschool gameplay with slick new graphics
 

NWG_Murd3rsaurus
311 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2014
Constantly crashing, the game may be fun but there is absolutly no way to play without encontering a fatal issue. This is
unnaceptable and you shouldn't spent a dollar on this.
 

Nic Callaway
90 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
The Complete Edition is amazing! Very detailed and the world is so magical. The game now with all the patches and DLC are in its best shape! I recommend it all the old fans and the new comers. It has a lot of oportunity and content and a lot of changes from the predecessors.
 

MaC!
234 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
50.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2014
I've seen many Negative stuff bout dis game, but haven't encounterd any problems except a little thing witch haven't even been a bother, and that usually happens to me, but. I think it really deserves to be in the Heroes Series of Might & Magic and it's Extremly funny and is a lot time craving. Haven't been able to fully play it yet since i've had friends who wants me to play with them.
 

Cottoncuddle Rex
734 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2016
Its a bag of ♥♥♥♥ to put it simply, too many bugs.
 

Apex_Reap3rz
30 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
190.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2014
I loved but it is diffirent than previous games.
 

Denocan
370 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
107.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2015
Best game ever if u like this game
 

GreenFock
377 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
186.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2015
A good game. I really enjoy playing it
 

seb789
147 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
238.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2015
YAY!
 

Ladinar
339 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
they just stole my money wish I had read the comments before bying this produkt.
this is what i did.

bought it.
installed it.
started it up.
created an ubisoft account.
downloaded all updates.
and crash didn't work.

Thanks for nothing don't care where the problem lies if its with steam or uplay they gotta fix this cause their cheating us of our money!
 

pokemonfiks
117 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
First off I want to say this is the second Might &Magic Heroes game I have played. The other game is the third game.
Compared to the third game this is garbage. So I would recommend any one thinking about buying this game to buy the third and play that instead. Gamewise they feel a little different.


Pros:
* It has quite good graphics, the battles look cool.
* The battles are still as epic.
* It gets cheap when there is a sale.

Cons:
* I felt VI feels to narrow.
* There are no open areas just small corridors. If you want to get from one point to another there are only a few corridors you can take.
* Uplay.



So to summaries I would not recommend you to buy this game for full price. IF it is one 75% sale then yes it is worth the money. But otherwise I would recommend the third game in the series.
 

Braron
262 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
188.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
I really don't like the need for the online connection - I'm a single player kind of person, so the need to stay connected bugs me since it doesn't always work well (I haven't had many problems though). But the game itself is a lot of fun, and the story is very good. I've been playing the games since Heroes III and Might and Magic VI (played Heroes II later) - I enjoy the references, the way things tie in and yes, the fact that some basic game mechanics have stayed at least similar/familiar.

If you are a Heroes fan, this is still a must-have and a decent game! If you're new to, it's still very entertaining turn-based strategy.
 

Impracticalmagic
858 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
113.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2014
Well, Heroes 6 are far from being a good game, but it's not like they're that bad. As a big fan of the series I would place it above H4 for sure. It's hard to make it worse than 4th part. There is no Elves, no Mages, even that puny Elementals (I mean the castles) for me, it's a big flaw. This whole Dynasty thing, ok, it can be, I don't really mind. Not so many maps, even if we take these made by players. Of course Uplay is an issue, same as that Conflux thing.

Generally it is still fun to spend couple of hours with Heroes but it's not the same any more, that game have lost it's magic. But i still would recomend it, just wait for good discount.
 

Bartman
188 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
202.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
In my opinion, the changes they made to this installment make this a much better game. It's not the old Heroes 3 for sure, but from the newest Heroes games, I have to say I enjoyed my time the most with this one.

The story is a bit bland and the cutscenes are like from a bad movie, but the gameplay is GREAT and will make you want to have just that one more turn before you go to bed...

Definitely a thumbs up!
 

Zet
468 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2015
Possibly the most boring HoMM game I've had the displeasure of playing.
 

snekMom
274 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2015
udontplay.
 

Findanniin
2,120 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2015
trash game
 

Gunnar50o1
46 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
199.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2015
Great game! Shadow expansion can be a little buggy though.
 

retrosavage
329 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
100.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2014
♥♥♥♥ game, dont run anymore
 

Windy
290 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2016
Can't even play the game anymore. Keeps saying my key is registered to another count. 0 stars
 

jumpinmp
321 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 30
total waste of time. cant load game from ubisoft launch, unistalled and reinstalled many times to get to work, no luck.
tataol waste of money and time
 

THEDwarf!
78 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2020
Well no.. Of course I wont recommend a game that crashes whenever I start it :S
I'm on a perfectly strong computer, and tried twice, I think that is more effort than this games developers has put into it.
 

Erlich Bachmann
85 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2016
this game is way to hard ive spent hrs trying to beat the same map on easy i just give up
 

juggernuts
19 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2020
Game is unplayable in 2020. Installing the application forces you to download crappy ubisoft software and create a login (what a hassle! NO customers EVER asked for this!). Game will not launch and constantly crashes my system. After 2 hours of trying to troubleshoot I give up. BUYER BEWARE
 

Coheed
153 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2015
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay! if you're going to force people to f***ing register and login, the least you could do is make sure your damn launcher doesn't crash every f***ing time!!!!
 

Benertz
168 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2016
for the record, im an avid HOMM fan so i will always recommend it. This release HOMMVI though isn't quite on par with the rest. Highly difficult with major bug issues
 

Perren
19 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2014
This game sucks. I can't even log in. Please don't buy it even though it's on sale. It's totally not worth it. When you launch this damn game on steam, it automatically lets you download another game launcher called Uplay, then you will find out you can never log in. It's either wrong password no matter how many times you reset your password, or the server is never available and you can't play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ single player game offline. Note: You CANNOT play this SINGLE PLAYER GAME OFFLINE. This game company is ♥♥♥♥, I wonder why a company can't even make a proper game launcher before they make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I'm so pissed by this ♥♥♥♥, it ruined my day. DONT BUY IT. It's ♥♥♥♥.
 

Bad Blood
135 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
95.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2015
İf Uplay doesn't work or give an error
1) Please work as manager (Uplay) and click play our game on Uplay and enjoy your game :)
2) İf first solution doesn't work our working way is a little long. We must shut down DEP (Data Execution Prevention) or we can let this game work. İt helps solve our problem or whatever we want.
3) İf we cant shut down DEP on DEP page we must change our BIOS. When pc opening click F2 and change Bios setting BUT first search on google "shut down DEP " and learn all informaiton about DEP. I didnt write everything this problem but be sure to helps our problems with Uplay :)

Note: I experienced this problem and It definetly works. Maybe it takes too long half an hour and a hour be patient please :)

See ya on game ;)
 

Scatman
20 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
298.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2017
The game itself is fun. I`ve played all the other HoMM games and sure, I still love 5 over the others, but this one was just as enjoyable, with its spiffy newer graphics and different campaigns, BUT......I can`t recommend it due to the terrible Uplay system and weird bugs (Frankly never happened to me, but i`ve witnessed it just shut down in other peoples faces and tons of the reviews are mentioning that, so might as well add it in here).

I had my fun, finished all of the game, lost some of my special weapon xp due to the crap Uplay system but honestly thats about it. Not sure if i`m ever willing to reinstall this and play again due to that, goodbye forever Ubisoft.
 

Ahksar
491 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2017
This game sucks. Never buying Ubisoft again.
 

suppositoire
23 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2018
for some reason it just wont launch, i reccomend purchasing a hard copy
 

FREAKEEMAJIK
55 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2014
I have been a fan of the HoMM series since no.2, and this one does not disappoint. Sure, it is no HoMM 3, but it is a helluva lot better then the shambles of 4 and 5. It's fun, it doesn't go too over the top, and can prove difficult if you make the wrong move, so save often ;-).
 

MoshinMonkey
165 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
53.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2017
I do not know why people are complaining they can't run the game smoothly or 'buggish'. It runs perfectly fine on my PC.'

As of Uplay, I dont really like 2nd login after Steam seriusly...

The gameplay alone is really not bad! We shouldn't give negative just base on Uplay guys.

Overall, I will give 3/5. ( Minus 1 from Uplay & 1 for not as classical as HOMM3 :D)

Peace!
 

[NSS]Xenosaga
192 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
568.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2015
Though I've not played anywhere NEAR as much as the time logged indicates, I will say - I have tried to like this game. But, it's AI basically amounts to building armies at 3-4 times your rate. Even on easy. They aren't brilliant (I watched the last orc attacking my city, who was alrwady INSIDE the city, turn and attack the wall leading in). They're just overtly numerous. 2-3 heroes with armies bigger than your main army can muster (again, even on easy for the Haven campaign) will be constantly on the attack, and in your zone.

It's sad, because I've come back TRYING to like this game. I'm not a Heroes III fanatic, in fact I didn't even play it. But though I DID like Heroes V, I didn't judge this against it. I'm merely saying an unfinished game at release was obviously glossed over as 'completed' by simply letting an ignorant AI outnumber you to your death. I don't recommend.
 

per Sir Vear Perseverance
116 products in account
4
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 26
UPlay is the $"%§"§$"$ §""§$"§$"§ ever.
 

Annon
93 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2015
Uplay, plays u everyday. Just don't buy any game with that DRM.
 

聊城孙一峰
1,960 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2015
don't buy it, campaing is all locked and key don't work...
should not even be on steam.
 

LoneDigger
150 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2015
I bought and downloaded this game. My computer is more than capable of playing it but everytime i try to launch it the stupid uplay launcher crashes and I can't play it.... Don't buy they are garbage
 

Gunda
44 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
46.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2015
Never works. UPlay is horrible. Waste of time and money.
 

zarakand
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2016
Terrible and practically unplayable. Very unbalanced. Dwellings increase in numbers too fast and opponents are overpowered. I didn't even play past the 2nd mission on the first campaign. If you liked HoMM 2 and 3 you won't like this. If you thought M&M X was an improvement over the prior M&M games you might like this.
 

SirJames214
94 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
General reviews are mixed, and I had my share of doubts about this game. I have tried it before, when it was just released, but it was buggy and not really enjoyable. I tried it for 10 minutes.
Spring 2015 it was on sale, and I thought that I need to give it another go.
I have played through 2 compaignes on easy, and I relly love the simple and beautifful stroll around new world and a simple fairytale of a story.
Owned HOMM 1-3 since the release dates. 4 and 5 I never got to play properly. 6 brought me back.
I am not a big fan of a new artifacts system, and a new magick system.
Uplay is a mess overall - not possible to sync saves even on a fast connection.
Get it on sale, and spend some time with it. You will lowe it.
 

𝕁𝕠𝕟
457 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2015
This game was pretty fantastic when I started playing. I love strategy games, and this game pulled off turn-based rather well.

So why thumbs down?

Ubisoft. I was playing this game every opportunity I could, with I don't know how many hours of future play scheduled. And then one day the game refused to load. I tried everything. I downloaded it again. I performed numerous tweaks recommended online to try and fix it. The works. I really wanted to keep playing. Finally I called Ubisoft for help. They gave me a list of things to try, which I did, and none of them worked. They then asked for my system specs and told me the game was unsupported on laptops so they couldn't help me.

Buy this game at your own risk. Because it'll hook you, and then at 17 hours of game play never let you play again.
 

Patrick
138 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2015
Bought it, could not play it due to the uplay problem. It took about 2 weeks for ubisoft to fix it. Gameplay goes from too easy to too hard in the campaign. Playing it sapped the fun out of all the years ive played 1-4...
 

Fluffly
90 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
961.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2015
After H6, I plan to never ever buy another UbiSoft game.

Pretty graphics don't overcome annoyances like Uplay, pinning my recent-gen CPU, save-game limitations, tedious GUI's.

Don't know why Steam says I've played this game "961.3 hrs". Gave up after a couple of days. Why am I writing a review now? An advert for a new installment in the Heroes franchise reminded me that I never wrote a review.

Too bad, cuz I loved Heroes 1 through 3.
 

Ow, my balls
42 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2015
Currently unplayable thanks to the garbage uplay launcher. Avoid any ubisoft games that have it unless you want to waste a ton of money.
 

Dangeresque
181 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
49.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2015
Very poor in game documentation of complex system leaves the game not really enjoyable
 

Calamari
143 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2015
Ubisoft! Why make a game available on steam then force a 3rd party DRM? Don't buy this game, you can't get your money back.
 

Gurkdurn
140 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2015
You will get Black Screen really Bad even you have requirements
 

PinoyAlamat
57 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2015
This game is published by Ubisoft.

That means....

DON"T BUY IT!
 

Gooseman
87 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2015
You'd think that by 2015 the most game breaking bugs would have been resolved. Well...they are not...uplay crashes...black screen if you have a nvidia card (GTX 760). I prefer playing HOMM3, this game is a mess.
 

MadUrban
262 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
This game is a disgrace, Steam should also be a shamed to sell a product with so many bugs, do not buy! you are wating time and money.
 

Mikespikex
49 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
97.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2015
Got to say H5 is way better... there is no point to have a game balance but boring
in the end it is never fair, computer always get more resources and you cant not make smart moves or plays to counter it, making it extremely frustrating in high difficulty
multiplayer waits too long and tbh after a few games you can guess what others are going to do as there aint much possibilities
 

bloodymist
134 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2015
This game is okay, but the Ubisoft launcher is a hot pile of garbage. I've not been able to play because it inexplicably crashes or fails to connect. Worthless worthless worthless. Don't waste your money, and dig out your old M&M 3 cd, because that's what you really want anyway.
 

Smushpuppy
428 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2015
Demands uplay, you literally need to go and after you bought your game on one platform, download another platform, make account (unless you already have one) and then it will (maybe) run. I did that because I wanted to play this game. But uplay had constant problems and was crashing and connectivity issues and even with the help of internet I couldn't make it function properly. It basically made me ragequit and give up on the franchise. I loved HMM 2 and adored 5. But 36 hours of this disgrace left me with a bad taste in my mouth and negative feelings towards the franchise and Ubisoft as a whole.

It's basically just ubisoft trying to fish you off steam to their own miserable platform and make your life difficult. Game itself is probably fine but meddling of the producer ruin the whole thing.
 

Tholdrin
272 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
211.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2017
I've played all heroes series games and now i started with this part, it seems little diffrend but it isn't bad! I recommend it very much~ i've enjoyed it
 

Frosted Oracle
28 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
Will honestly go back to playing HOM&M 3...this game is ridiculous and poor in layout.
 

GanellaJay
21 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2019
Product refunded

Game is not stable. It does not run. Stays in black screen and the only thing you can do it to restart your computer.
 

jojifee
16 products in account
3
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 27
Uniq game!
 

Ensō
26 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
Uplay is a game cancer. If you get disconnected in this game, you'll be kicked out even from single player game.
I couldn't play it at launch because the constant disconnections. Came back to it thinking, surely ubisoft fixed it by now. Nope. It's still as ♥♥♥♥ as it was. Kicker is that I've got _really_ stable 100 Mbps connection.
 

isb
285 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
106.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
I like it, well I like it after I manipulate the amounts of characters in my "team" with cheatengine, without it the game is just too tedious.

The online thing, CONFLUX (more like confux) is the most annoying crap I have ever seen. WTF lol why do I need to over and over again to "reconnect" to a single player game that I have been playing for hours. Then there's the fact that when UPLAY / CONFUX takes a crap (a correct analogy) it stays craptastic by either not letting you reconnect, or by letting you reconnect then kicking you back out again ?? CONFUX is for the birds

Anyway, like others have said, only get it if its cheap, this game can be monumentally annoying possibly causing you to stab yourself with a rusty wooden spoon..
 

Jum0
347 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
167.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2014
Even forgetting the multitudes bugs. This game was just not well planned. I've loved the HOMM series since day one but they majorly dropped the ball on this one. Maps are enormous - which means it takes forever to finish them. And it turns into a real grind because when you're way over on the other side of a map the AI is taking over all your stuff. So you're always chasing them down. That or running from them. I found a lot of the game to be very poorly balanced on some maps. On the water maps for example I simply cannot get past the 3 map in the campaign even on easy. I just get my ass handed to me repeatedly. And there are other maps like it. It just ends in massive frustration. This is one HOMM you can and should skip.
 

Cutter
331 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2017
Steam tells me that I played this game for 61 minutes; I haven't played the game at all. The game never started up. I bought it, ran it, waited for ages while uplay tried to connect to some server. Had to install uplay. Found the servers to only work intermittently when attempting to create an account. Then I found out what uplay was and decided I didn't want it so uninstalled it. Afterwards steam it kept saying that it was running. I couldn't find the application running in task manager. I ended up having to restart my computer to make it go away. Now I'm left hoping that everything has actually been uninstalled. Other people have been running uplay with administrator priviliges in order to get it to work. I don't want to do that. This has been a bad experience. Needless to say, I wont be playing this game.
 

o_O
13 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
16.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2017
"We're unable to create your account right now as a Ubisoft server is unavailable."

Submitted refund request.

EDIT: Refund denied, I was too late.

After fixing Uplay (the game comes with wrong launcher and it cannot update itself...), I got to finally play the game, and sadly it has more problems than Uplay:

- I had to manually set all exceptions in windows firewall, otherwise the game wont connect to conflux (=can`t play)
- having savegames online for a single player game is a stupid decision: only 10 or so slots, when servers are down you dont play etc
- bad optimalization - I have i5 6600, 16Gb DD4, GTX1060 6gb, SDD, and the game runs terrible. Big fps drops, afwul long loading times, and often when I exit the game it crashes so badly I have to reboot pc.
-someone thought it would be great to simplify an already simple game... Old heroes system got cut at every level: less resources (=less to do), less creatures with much less variety between them, less races, etc etc, and since we got nothing new in return, less gameplay.
-zero balance all over the game, reminds me of Disciples 3 in a few ways. They simply didn't do enough math and testing with the game.
-lots and lots of bugs
-interesting but again completely unbalanced and half cooked campaigns
-there are fiercely religious land sharks creatures in this game (ok this is a joke, but land sharks, seriously?)

I play Heroes since shortly after Heroes 2 came out, so I care deeply for the franchise, but I do not recommend this game, even for diehard Heroes fans.
 

Antar
181 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
83.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2015
As for the bugs and "OMG UPLAY DRM? UBI PLS DIE! OMGG CONFLUX NOOBS":

A lot of complaining from a lot of people who are pissed of. Give them no heed! Sure, it's tied with Uplay, but I like it. My game crashed the second I launched it. Googled uplay fix, they told me run uplay as admin not through steam, and it worked like a charm. I have no issues opening from steam directly anymore. If you want to play offline, you still can, but be careful that online/offline saves are not the same! If you start someway, stick with it! (though it has no consumption at all, so you might as well just use your 3G)




As for the actual game:

It's a great game, nice challenege, amazing graphics and HUD, pretty decent story (as far as video games go). I've played Heroes 5, and I can honestly say I liked this one more. Combar is more intuitive (no, the same creature can not act a billion times before your creature gets a turn), you can see info about every creature on the battlefield directly in a MUCH neater way than before (including what's affecting them and what that thing is) -- like I said, amazing HUD. Gameplay will get boring if you spend all your time waiting around for reinforcements! If you're playing it right, you should never be just waiting around.

Magic is now a little less varied but more reliable (you pick what you want to learn and spend a 'skill point' rather than getting random ones in guilds) Same for skill level up. You have a build in mind? Go with it, don't hope you get the relavant skill when you level up.

You can also convert towns (THANK YOU!), and summon creatures produced in multiple towns from the same town (no caravans, no 20 sub heroes shipping to the same main hero, just one place and go on with your life)

Oh, and once more, the HUD is really really nice. It feels so fluid (unlike the VII one, sadly).

No one online for multiplayer though, so don't buy it if that's your aim, but I'd definately recommend the game.
 

Emad Y
357 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
284.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 23
Great
 

Natanijel
5 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2014
IT does not work!!!
 

FastFingerMcgee
93 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2018
Doesnt work
 

Doberman
249 products in account
2
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
dumb Conflux...still don't work...
 

trueangel
343 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2020
One of the best turn based strategy
 

iicfa
278 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Best ever version of Heroes
 

Balance in All Things
133 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2019
All of my playtime comes from trying to get this game to work and restarting after changing the settings. Really shouldn't have this problem with such an established franchise.

I will never buy anything from Ubisoft ever again.
 

FilipinoMilitiaMan
157 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2016
jesus this game is so dry and the ai is so lame. There's almost never any open field battles, basically siege only. On normal difficulty normal maps hard ai, basically every AI and player is forced to do the same thing: Have 1 hero mass train gather troops, rest of heros are transports and feed off main hero using the exp sharing skill. AI never fights you in open field unless they're sure to win. Basically entire game lasts hours, most of time just playing against creeps. The skills in this system are so lame and boring. You can't even just go down one tree, there's very little depth.
 

Nightime
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2014
Im so hangry, this ♥♥♥.... game doesn't work. this is the first time i buy i game here, im not impresse at all, if i could , i would like to be refund!!! What's the point of buying a game that does not work..... sorry for my english i speak french. Uplay is not working...... damn....
 

plante117
1 product in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
130.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 23
I love it, despite some balance flaws like you have to rush or your enemy becomes too strong in single campaign, connection losses are very rare, I had it once or twice. I played classic HMM3 a lot and this game is not worse, it's just different, you can enjoy both. What I love here it's looking great and gameplay and plot are interesting, don't try to compare it to HMM3 just enjoy it as it is (and also incest is wincest hehe) The only real annoying bug I have now, I have to start this game windowed then switch to fullscreen or else game won't start, I didn't have this bug before and I changed 1080 to 3080 and bought new display + reinstalled Win 10 and this bug still still here. I suspect devs are not going to patch this game anymore so only hope is maybe some fan can create fix for this game...
 

hentai yaro
43 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2014
do not buy - uplay...
 

RunfromChron
161 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
48.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
uplay is the worst stuff i have face in all my life... cant play the game
 

camc_88
66 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2018
Thought I would try my old games on steam, but this doesn't work at all anymore with blackscreen on launch.
 

Xasin
131 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2013
Half decent game, although much of the stuff gets messed up by ubisoft. The fact that they introduced a "in game free currency" is kind of silly, because you actually need it for some good dynastical perks that can change your game alot. Also there is quite the imbalance when it comes to campaign heroes, whereas mage heroes can take off a whole army while might heroes can only do warcries that aren't even that good. Heroes of Might and Magic V actually had a better balance compared to this game, but in this game some factions are insanely overpowered, granting them the power to revive their best units with just gold, and with that when a person has map control they can continuosly attack your town without giving that much of a care. Netplay in the game works, but its the same as playing a full game of Civ, in which it will take a extremely long time and it will be excrutiatingly painful. The conflux orb idea was indecent because you could only type up so little for a guide, and even if you wanted a guide it would be better to make some kind of strat. guide instead of just placing them all around the various maps. To continue, the pacing in the story maps was really quick, and much of it didn't make sense. X or Y died every so often and there isn't much you can do about it. Many weird and funky plot twists were included to make sure "you were getting your fill of cool gamer storyline grub". To conclude this, the campaign mode was too short and extremely buggy, netplay is really slow, textures are extremely lowres and unnapealing.
 

xentaros
431 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2018
Demo worked perfectly, so I bought the game. Now it won't start. Should have listened to the critics
 

Awp-牛牛
20 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
15.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2018
It's a fairly difficult game, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't put a bunch of hours into this game.
 

MarineBr0ologist
199 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2017
it is still on top 3 of my biggest gaming disapointments in history
 

Threepwood
155 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 11
doesnt even work. never has worked right.
 

EnRich
10 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2014
+) Great intro but very short.
+) HM&M franchise

-) weakest confusing menu I have seen in HM&M
-) Graphics are tiring eyes for long play

- -) Steam is not enough in the current set up you need to register to uplay and further uses cloud to save games and such. Very buggy.
 

Morbleue
95 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
65.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2015
Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!

This is a trash game compared to other series game.


Interface/Menu/Settings

Uplay is required to play this game.
Not shown as i can't be bothered with Uplay.

About the game.

Uplay account is required to play this game.
So i can't be bothered to make a proper review as i usually do.


Other things.

Heroes of might and magic 3 IS THE BEST ONE. But don't get this on steam, just get a pirated version.

UBISOFT -> BLAAAAAAAAARGH!!!!!!!!!!!! *vomits all over the place*

-------------------

I Give this game a 2/10
 

Crafozura
1,352 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2018
Utter rubbish.
 

Ghede
261 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2021
the game won't even work, no matter what i do.
 

Grenade Goblin
102 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2014
Wonderful and captivating game
 

KingIsildur
8 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
438.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2014
If your M&M Heroes fan - this game will keep you going, the gameplay does get slightly redundent as you continue through the campaign, however the story line is pretty good!
 

ILoveYouMan
66 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2019
Its a mess, cant play my own games, and if I by some miracle they start: Crash soon after.Dont go near anything on uplay, im trying to save u hours in support and money here!
 

Gealichous
225 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
412.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2017
:D
 

B.D. Gogu
127 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 17, 2014
I downloaded but cant play. it has to login in through uplay but crush everytime after login in.
 

159357456258
8 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
169.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2017
The game is no longer working for me because of an issue with Uplay
 

d.lueneburg
105 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2014
Do I like the game? Yes

Do I like how you have to download UPlay into my C Drive and can't change it, always play in online mode, and register for yet another thing? Hell no

All the effort isn't even worth 10 bucks... pity how a good game is destroyed by company greed

 

Lifecohol
1,637 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2019
A game that by default does not work when installed. It also needs the Ubisoft Launcher, which will launch steam, which will launch the game. But also works the other way around, launch it on steam, which opens the Ubisoft launcher, which again will.. You get the gist. Terrible through and through with overcomplicated DRM.

Game is broken, highly recommend avoiding it. You have to do a workaround to get it to STOP crashing on start-up because of their lazyness.
 

Shalix
290 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2014
NICE :) sachmatai :)
 

Ziemos saltis
5 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2019
garbage game. No support. Frequent black screens + freezing if using Nvidia cards.
 

GhettoTrout
374 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2019
Cant even launch the game
 

Tun
57 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2019
It crashes very frecuently. It is impossible to play this game for me.
I wasted my money.
 

arielpodesta
33 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2018
This game has potental but sadly it just keeps crashing so a thumbs down
 

Proppy (DGBC)
83 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
This game is crap
 

J0n
132 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2018
Uplayed killed that game
 

Champin Playr
175 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 17, 2017
Just bad.
 

Santaissick
253 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
113.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2021
Ease of gameplay, smoothe awesome graphics
 

priestlydesigns
1 product in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2017
Ubisoft, + constant crushes and bugs.
I feel like they just stole my money. Literally, they (ubisoft) should just go in jail or pay compenstation for providing never working product, and steam shall be more carefull about quality they put on market.
 

Puma
479 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
227.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2021
cool gaem
 

Pr1bble
52 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
112.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2021
Nostalgia is one hell of a drug
 

NPC
28 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
106.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2014
UPlay sucks and deletes game saves/corrupts multiplayer games.

But otherwise Heroes is one of my favorite games and I love playing it.
 

UberSwe
702 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2014
Nice game !
 

Wolfy
274 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2013
Great game! Good story line! =D
Fan of turn-based strategy definitely must get this!
 

Zzzz
734 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2014
I'm sorry HOMM series, this one just continues the downhill path after like.. HOMM3? You know 1 & 2 were the best!
 

Frog Hat
2,069 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2014
well...bought the game, played for awhile stop playing. wanted to start playing again, but now i cant because of some cd key buissness ? alot of people have the same problem as me dateing a year back...how can i fix this? please anwser miss my heroes :)

 

Sir Ass Alot
23 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
64.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2014
Finally have the might and magic franchise found its way back to the good old games, this is a mix of the 3 and the 4 might and magic with a new intresting campaign that only can be beaten by the 3:d game's storyline.
According to me this is the second best game in the serises (after the 3:d ofcourse) a mustbuy for a person who likes the M&M franchise, a game with a relaxing feeling and good music.
 

Empan
202 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2014
This game didn't make anything better. Insted it made things more simple (resources) and I think they are too simple. It also made hero system complicated. You have to take heroes from shop to play them.
And the biggest problem was that there are few factions to play (6 with expansion). I have heard that there are no plans to make new expansion so there is only small chance that new faction will be added to game.
I prefer heroes V and III to VI.
 

Myyrä
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
472.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2014
I personally love the entire HOMM series and 6 doesn't disappoint.

Note it is turn based and many twicher types will not enjoy it.
Good story lines
Tactical game play
Challenging ( cheating ) AI

Bottom line is if you've played any of the series and enjoyed them you'll like this one.

Down side have to be connected to play these days, Bad UBISOFT for this it almost made me not buy the game.
 

Casca
129 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
96.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2014
♥♥♥♥ you this game sucks it doesnt even work on my pc
 

tigerpanther
192 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2013
I don't know how many hours i have played this series in total but so far this is the best in the series hands down. They finally did everything right. Loving it so far.
 

ChristerMagoo
185 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2018
I am old enough play all HOMM series, and I loved all of them until this one. I think they should return to the roots, and continue making more mature games like before.
 

Gatekeeper
403 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2019
game don't work
 

Negato
116 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
289.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2013
Too bad for a player like me since there are no achievements:(((
 

eveame
2,685 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2018
Just terrible in compatison to the others. Don't waste your money. Uplay sucks a fat one.
 

Eightbit
85 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2018
Can't call myself "GaylordMcLucker", because this company thinks that being gay is a bad thing appearantly.
 

HoeWithAxe
170 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2018
Devs decided it would be best to force the player to watch the introduction. Really? REALLY?!!?

Terrible. Don't bother. Leave this garbage in the past where it belongs.
 

Contage
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2015
I love this game, though yesterday I was able to play. Today, i am not able to, nothings really changed, besides powering on my laptop. When I try to load the game it says preparing to launch...then it flickers the heroes might and magic loading screen for a second, then disappears. Any suggests on how to fix this?
 

Zanny
27 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
359.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2015
I wanted to let you guys know that this game rocks!

I wanted to do it earlier ....

But I wanted to play a little bit more first!!

{About 400 hours Later} ....

This game Rocks !!

Do it ! Buy It :o
 

Jackm
218 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2020
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT DOES NOT WORK.
 

Insomnia
128 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 26, 2021
this has uplay dont buy
 

Lightplay
143 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2020
Hello this game doesn't on my computer because I have Windows 10! I would like to play at this game on Windows 10
 

aratos
163 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2017
good game but UPlay is just ...bad
 

xampilo
39 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2019
Using Windows 7, had uplay already because of The Division... So I saw no problems mentioned in comments.
The campaign is superb and homm feeling is there. Playing for 14+ hours without breaks and finished tutorial, nearly finishing undead campaign. Conversations are cool. I liked the campaign story. I suggest this game if you are playing games on Windows 7 and already have uplay. Otherwise it doesn't worth to try to fix things.
 

electronicpanda
956 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2017
Pretty Ok soundtrack and thats about it. The devs deserve jail.
I miss the real HOMM greatness. Heroes 2 & 3!! and 4 and 5 was
also decent. But what they've done after is beyond me.
Dont spend your money on this. If you wanna try it, get it elsewhere
if you know what i mean
 

Key יהוה <3
215 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
64.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2015
In every aspect this is a disappointment, and quite simply it shows that it is a money maker. There have been strained absolutely no muscles in the making of this game, and it's quite obviously the worst expression of the Heroes-series. This is utterly disappointing, and I am opting out of the Heroes-saga. Sadly so.

The graphics.. well, according to the progress of the graphics from Heroes V to VI nothing happened at all between the makings of the two. This is by all means underachieving.

2/10
 

=SFL=Unit| Papa Ghey
49 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
195.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2020
ubisoft is yet another poser from the confines of the socialist state of california pay us pay us pay us pay us poy us verify verify verify verify ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you.., got the idea if its ubi soft find another programmer.., the games they wrote years ago are dead.
 

kyrie_elesion1716
146 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2014
Bought the game when it came out, wanted to play again after a year or so, Uplay asks for my CD key, I copy the key and paste it where they wanted it, Uplay tells me the key is acivated on another account already, I try multiple times, account gets banned.

0/10 never a Ubisoft game again.
 

-----
59 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2020
TLDR dunno about the game, it doesn't start under Win 10 for me.

This plainly doesn't work.

First of all, it uses an uplay launcher on top of steam distribution, which is plainly bonkers.
Second, it just hangs while loading, with a black screen and a loading spinner, on top of everything. I can't even alt+tab out of this, only always on top mode of the task manager allows me to break out of this vicious circle without rebooting.

0/10 don't recommend paying for this product.
 

maurezen
333 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2019
Don't buy this game, it isn't playable anymore, RIP game (it was quite good)
 

Mooyini
120 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2020
I bought this game years ago. But sadly never works properly because Uplay.
If you think Denuvo is bad (and of course it is), then use Uplay for get some nightmares.
 

Xerdz83
127 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2018
This is the best one, up to the point the Uplay update made my whole pc crash.
 

zlivingston01
12 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2018
always offline .and a little too hard to play .the game system is a bit complex,kind of wasting time.
 

Checkmate
13 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
194.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2014
Horrible voice acting, silly dialogue, uninspiring stories, and yet it's among my most-played games on Steam because it's a whole lot of fun.
 

latitat
1,062 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
303.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2019
fantastic game.
 

amitk
34 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
120.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2019
toxic and noob AI
 

Talasorn
128 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
66.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2015
u f***ing play is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. stop buy games with this requirement.
 

Ubik
191 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2015
This game is 4 years old and still suffers from alot of random freezes and crashes which makes it unplayable. 3-4 crashes an hour are not a rarity. Nice customer support of Ubisoft there. DONT BUY THIS GAME.
 

Dr.Boss
264 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
146.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2014
I've played over 100 hours of this game and it just gets better and better. Ubi has supported it very much so. The game, while very buggy on release, plays very solid now. There's always something to do in this game. Always.
 

naomha
754 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2014
The game has so much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lags and bugs. Crashing every 3-5 battles. And Ubisoft is ♥♥♥♥ company.
 

khj
154 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2020
No
 

ToMMy
406 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2019
Bugs, bugs everywhere.
 

Enceladus
15 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
304.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2019
Do not buy this game ... it black screens and everything for the game has been shut down... shame really..
 

Bossonova911
973 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
90.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2019
Stay away from this POS, only occasional black screen await you when entering a town or town battles.
 

boylive16
250 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
365.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2016
I don't recommend it because of Uplay.
 

lady_rosali
1,156 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 3
Ubisoft launcher ♥♥♥♥♥ up yet another game. ♥♥♥♥ you, Ubisoft.
 

Austriaal
687 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2018
No.
 

Narquois
899 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2017
I can't seem how to play the game. Unskippable intro, everything wants me to pay more money to unlock, game shows things like "title of mission" instead of the actual name of the mission. Had to install u-play just to not play this game. What a waste.
 

ama899
455 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2017
First, the included uplay on steam install is broken. I had to manually uninstall then download from ubi then install the latest uplay. Very frustrating.

Then after installing, I only have one campaign accessible and it is from the DLC only. Not even a tutorial campaign!! I already re-installed three times!!! Do I have to buy the complete edition just to get the tutorial campaign?!?

Out of the box, this sucks. I am contacting the support team to see if this can be fixed...


Update:

As per chat support person, the campaign issue I had was a unique case. And they promptly fixed it for me.

Still, the uplay issue left a bad taste in my mouth.
 

ariel.ortiz
7 products in account
3
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
186.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2016
Великолепный сюжет, прелестная графика, но думаю, есть альтернативы Uplay
 

[NKVD] de_Loire
17 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
54.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2014
amazying
 

tom
408 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2016
Bought it, downloaded it, launched it, U-Play didn't like my key, can't play it, don't buy it.
 

Kouta
416 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2019
Product refunded

Unlike previous titles where you can see the game's mechanics at work and utilize this knowledge to strategically predict and overcome opponents, the game artificially grants the AI certain hidden bonuses that will inevitably result in an unpredictable loss later in the game. It takes trial and error to complete and you're always on a race against the clock since it's always on the AIs side in the campaign.
If you want to play a Heroes game, you know that it doesn't get better than Heroes 2 and 3. Ubisoft's 5th heroes game is the only one that even remotely plays like a heroes game and it's aesthetic is more like World of Warcraft than heroes.

Older heroes players like me will find that each map seems small with very little to explore or find. Each scenario and map more like a tiny arena than a world to explore. It gets to be a boring slog of back and forth. Even minor battles will be time eaters, like a myriad of turn-based-games this one manages to make the mistake all the previous titles did not. The only way around it is to let the game play itself and 'quick-combat' most of the battles.

If you want a fresh heroes game, then try Palm Kingdoms 2. Its fan-made and doesn't attempt to reinvent the wheel.
 

Ensrick
185 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2015
awful
 

Dopetia
232 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2015
4/5
 

Prenkku
176 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2019
Even launching the game is a hassle, and when you get in, you find that it is just an inferior version of much better games within the series.

It has no redeeming qualities.
 

XY78
85 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
464.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2015
I bought this game on release day and it was a buggy disaster for about a year and a half straight. I think I have never been burned so badly on a video game purchase in my life.
 

Strandly
190 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2019
Can't get the game to even start. After download it just get's stuck.
 

Sparky
22 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
107.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2014
Dont waste your money with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ... It forces you to install UPlay, requires always-on connection... When your internet connection down bye bye game, the game return to tittle screen and you lose all your progress...

The AI always cheat, custom games against CPU are impossible to win even em easy dificult, this f*cking unbalanced ♥♥♥♥.
 

xsl4v3
500 products in account
0
See More Content
Back to top
©
Privacy Policy
Legal
Cookies
Steam Subscriber Agreement
© Valve Corporation.