Login
Store
Community
Support
Change language
View desktop website

© Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. #footer_privacy_policy  |  #footer_legal  |  #footer_ssa  |  #footer_refunds
STORECOMMUNITYABOUTSUPPORTInstall Steam login  |  language
Store Page
Might & Magic Heroes VII
All Discussions Screenshots Artwork Broadcasts Videos Workshop News Guides 
Reviews
SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
1,172 people found this review helpful
66 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
12.0 hrs on record
Posted: 4 October, 2015
Before buying this game, you have to understand the state it is in. Things not to expect,
- Animated cutscenes
- UI with decent usability
- Character models worthy of 2015
- Character animations worthy of 2015
- Progressive campaign
- Character customisation during campaign


Cutscenes are "animated", but show frozen models, with speech laid on top.


Using the game feels clunky, you will often accidentally stop your hero mid stride because you accidentally clicked twice on the target, when you should have clicked once. Or your hero doesn't move, because you should have clicked twice when you clicked once.


It doesn't seem that there has been a User Experience designer involved in the development of this game, there are too many basic usability issues. Such as that you can't bring up a town screen by clicking on a town. It took me nearly 10 minutes to figure out that you need to double click the little town name on the bottom left to do that. Ridiculous. That's just one example, expect a lot more like that.


The character models and animations certainly look dated, and many look like they are reused directly from Hereoes VI. Most of the time, you'll notice that Heroes VI had much better character models though. Models are small in battles, so you don't see the details (maybe this is for the best, as the details are not that great). The entire game has a washed, grainy feel to it that takes away from the "Heroes feel". Heroes should be lush, with powerful colors, to immerse you into this fantasy world with its multitude of colorful, odd beings. This is not the case. You get sort of the same feel as when opening a spreadsheet or something. The delightfulness is clearly missing. There's a sparse, somewhat empty feeling to it.


The animations are clearly a step down from Heroes VI. For example, the Centurion will bash his shield at the opponent, then stick his spear in it, and only about half a second after BOTH attacks are completed does the target react and make some kind of motion. Not immersive.


The campaign is not progressive. I. e., it doesn't build a story for you to follow, but rather it's just a few short stories that you can play through in any order you want. Personally, I would be fine with this, if everything else had been good.


Same with character customisation, you start out with predesigned characters, sometimes at level 0, for other scenarios at level 30, which may annoy some people, but would have been fine if the game was otherwise up to snuff. Of course it isn't.


The good things are: It's a new instalment of Heroes! For people like me, who grew up with it and love it, this is great. The maps have depth to them visually, which is fun. Castles can be in valleys and so on (but the washed out, derelict feeling that I mentioned earlier detracts from this). Skills feel slightly more useful than in the last Heroes. They've taken some time to groom the skill set. On the other hand, it's not the glory that was Heroes V.


If you're fine with all this, then this game might be for you. The truth is however, that Ubisoft again is trying to get away with minimum effort. What I don't get is, do these people take no pride in what they do? Does it feel good to crank out one half-assed effort after another? Is it a matter of competence, do they not have the right people? Is everyone working on the game too junior? Or is it a conscious strategy from the management?


Don't they want praise from the fans? Why aren't they creating it with "game of the year" firmly fixed in their minds? I simply don't get how someone could be satisfied with creating something with this level of indifference. That can't be a satisfying way to live your life. If you don't like the series, for ♥♥♥♥♥ sake, sell it to some studio who DOES love it.

It comes down to this: those who grow up with this game now, as I grew up with the original series, are NOT going to love it. It is not loved by its developers, and that transmits through to us, loud and clear.
 

Fnordsensei
501 products in account
42
271 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
115.4 hrs on record
Posted: 23 October, 2015
I've held off writing a review of this game for a few weeks now as I've thought about what I wanted to put in a review along with a recommendation TO purchase this game. However, the more I have played this game, the more I have come to the conclusion that I cannot in good faith recommend this game in its current state.

I am a longtime fan of the Heroes of Might and Magic series. I was introduced to the franchise with HOMM2 and instantly hooked. Heroes 3 holds a dear place in my memory. It was the game a friend and I would sneak away from school during lunch in order to play hotseat. I didn't play much 4 but 5 and 6 were both extensively played. The hours total on my steam account do not count the much larger part of hours I spent on the titles before linking them to my steam account.

Anyways, I held off purchasing this game for a long time because of the negative recommendations I read on forums and from a friend who played during the betas. I ended up purchasing it the night before the release because I am a huge fan of the series and felt like it could scratch an itch for me.

I started with the Stronghold campaign and played through without any issues. I was one of the few who had no CTD or game ending bugs. I read the negativity on the forums and just attributed it to bad luck or people with an axe to grind. I then proceeded to play the Haven campaign with a couple of game ending bugs and CTDs. I gave up and then tried to Dungeon campaign ( my favorite faction) and couldn't get through a first level of the campaign. I struggled through the Sylvan campaign but eventually was able to beat it. Now, on the Necro campaign, I think I'm calling it quits until this game is fixed. Corrupted saves means that I cannot load up a mission I have been working on and complete it. The game has no way for me to restart a mission when all the saves are corrupted so I cannot do anything to restart a mission unless I restart a campaign entirely. I'm sorry, I'm on mission 4 of necro, I don't want to restart the entire campaign. Through all these issues, the game has slowly worn away my patience and enthusiasm so that now, I don't want to spend a huge amount of time loading only to have a CTD while loading a save.

Look, the game has great bones. Once this game is polished, it has the potential to be one of the top entires within the series. I think the developers took the game in a good direction BUT the game has far too many bugs in it to be released. When the game is working, I love it. When it isn't, I am incredibly frustrated. I want to play a heroes game and this game is not in the condition that I can reliably play the game.

I plan to change this recommendation once these bugs have been ironed out. I like the communication the developers have had on this forum and others about their plans. Free content to be released, fixing issues and balancing things show that the developers are interested in the long term health of this game. However, the game is currently in a state that will frustrate many, even among the most hardcore of HOMM fans.

Check back in on this game in a month or two. I hope that it will be in a much better state and you will be happy with the purchase. I do not regret my purchase because I see the potential the game has but I cannot recommend someone to purchase a game and then wait a month or two until it is in a more playable format. As of now, the developers have some work to do in order to fix the amount of good will they have burnt through.
 

tomego
143 products in account
11
536 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
76.2 hrs on record
Posted: 24 November, 2015
Unplayably buggy. Even after multiple patches, characters often lose all assigned skills after loading a game. Campaign is broken in multiple places making it unfinishable. I payed AAA prices for a game that should still be in beta. I feel conned.
 

Fairly Standard
106 products in account
1
262 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
623.0 hrs on record
Posted: 5 July, 2018
I have played and paid for all of the Heroes of Might & Magic games over the years.
I have enjoyed them very much (in spite of UPlay).
However,
Today UPlay decided to update thier EULA to include not only personal data mining and distribution but, permission to popup adds in the middle of your games! After reading this new EULA, I am afraid that I will no longer purchase or play any games provided by UPlay.
The personal data mining trend is going too far in all of our software and I am done with it even if it means no more internet.

I will miss these games.
 

blizwow
146 products in account
0
302 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: 2 October, 2015
Severe stability issues get in the way of what should have been an excellent economy building RPG.

There are a large number of threads here and on the Ubi forums discussing game-breaking bugs and system compatability errors. In my case, the game uses 100% of the system disk throughput for 10 minutes while loading saved games, and then crashes silently. Across the board, for various reasons, stability seems to be a major problem with the game client.

When it does run without loading a game, it uses ~6GB of RAM and shows mediocre performance, which is hard to understand for a game with such unremarkable technical and graphical ambition. Any 4X game, including any from Ubi's own wonderful Anno franchise, provides a much larger and more complex world at a much lower RAM footprint and with better overall performance.

As much as I hate bringing price into any discussion about games, it should be said that $50 for a game that clearly has serious technical faults (even without considering the vast number of problems preventing people from even playing it) is unreasonable, especially when you consider how high the bar has been set for indie developers in the $15 range. Issues like this would break the reputation of any lesser franchise almost immediately. I do regret purchasing this game, and I'm afraid I can't say much positive about the developers until the stability issues are resolved.
 

wadrianm
279 products in account
1
218 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,134.0 hrs on record
Posted: 22 February, 2017
Historically, I've played nearly every HoMM game out there --- Started on 2, moved to 3, struggled through 4 (but came to like it and its music), enjoyed 5 (more like 3.1) and pre-ordered 6 (with my first monies as a working student).
After the absolutely shoddy quality of 6 - and I'm talking about misspelling DRAGON (seriously, DRAGON - that's like the main feature of this game) and instead writing DARGON (like the Noble gas with a D) in the f%^&* artbook for pre-ordered customers. With this I gave up on buying 7 early and waited for a special - eventually buying it for half the price. I also intended to wait for all the bugs, glitches, etc to be sorted out with the first few patches and then buy it.

I started playing the game despite it having a 50% user review after like a year and 3 patches, and enjoyed it. I didn't like small things like the fact that they removed Dynasty weapons (which made 6 great - but I guess it didn't make sense with regards to the lore of 7; understandable). During my first 40 hours of gameplay, I didn't get many crashes - maybe 5 for the most, and the autosaving always only puts you a day behind - but found a few bugs that weren't game changing.
Overall, I started to really enjoy the story, the lore and the progression of the game.

I decided I wanted to finish up this game before I moved onto others, just for the sake of completion, and started to play the game again recently. I've been getting non-stop graphics bugs during the 3rd campaign of the elves - it's been tough, about every 5 minutes there's a roulette that starts on whether the game is going to continue after a freeze or going to be required to be closed from Task Manager. The reason I know it's a GFx issue is due to the fan speed hitting 100% for like 1 minute prior to the freeze.

At this stage, I'm pretty over it; I will be trying my best to get through it and hopefully enjoy the rest of the game, but while searching today, I found this: https://mmh7.ubi.com/en/blog/post/view/important-announcement-from-the-team
A statement that Ubi will be removing and stopping all support for this game; it's still fully buggy... wtaf.
Looking at the games that Limbic Entertainment (the developer of this game) had developed for Ubi, I see only disappointments. I wish deep down that we get quality developers for 8 --- but it's still Ubisoft... and I'm readying myself for disappointment.

It's like you love chicken, but the only supplier of chicken in your world is a company that always gets it blatantly wrong, and at the end of the day says "Oh you don't like it, give it up, coz we don't give a flyin' f%^&". To be honest, that's the feeling I get from Ubi about HoMM... it's like they give it little to no attention, but refuse to pass it over to someone/some company willing to go the distance and finish and complete a full development of a game, providing support and making sure ♥♥♥♥ works before a release.

I don't know if it's the day and age that has shaped gaming companies to only care about results, or if it's just Ubi that don't care at all - and haven't for the past 6-ish years. I refuse to support Ubi if this keeps going - please release a great 8th game, just to restore balance and justice. You're ultimately stealing from everyone who ever bought this game.

EDIT (2019/06/09):

Being a sucker for punishment, I decided to revisit this game. To my surprise, the crashes have dropped significantly, and this game is quite playable right now. I've enjoyed coming back to it, but the bugs that do exist in the game can easily be "avoided"... like if certain events make the game crash, walk a little bit to the right, save the game, restart the game and voila ... no more crashes. Although irritating, it is definitely worth a try. My only advice at this stage would be to go directly through UPlay instead of Steam - there are a lot more bonuses to going that route - for this reason, I'm keeping the review as a "No" recommendation.
All in all ... I think this is a definite buy for Legacy HoMM, and I wish that future HoMM designs are far more robust and are planned well in the future. Although it pains me to say this, 10/10 would pre-order the next game :D.
 

The13thSon
523 products in account
12
643 people found this review helpful
49 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
110.8 hrs on record
Posted: 26 November, 2015
"Things sure aint what they used to be" After 66 hours of gameplay, thats the conclusion I have come to.

If you never played heroes III or heroes V, you wouldnt know what you are missing... Wait yes you would. How about any semblence of a finished game?

This game is so glitchy I am consdering putting my law degree to work and starting a class action lawsuit... seriously.

Hero stat boosting items dont work, patch 1.5 made it so any skills you progress somehow are forgotten and you cant reselect them. to bad level 30 hero...

Remember the tears of Asha? It used to be avalaible on all maps in heroes V. Now only 1 or two maps have it in this game and you win as soon as you build it. What is the point of having boons attached to building it if you automatically win when you do???

I hate paying $60 for a game that doesnt even work. Frankly I am astonished that Ubisoft put this game out. Never again. No matter how much a game is hyped or seems like it will suck me back into my gaming of yesteryear, if it has an UBIsoft logo on it. I will not purchase it.
 

fitzadvocate
27 products in account
16
501 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: 1 October, 2015
If you're anything like me, you hoped that these bad reviews were wrong and that this title would renew the love for the HOMM series that HOMM 3, 2, or even 5 made you feel.

TLDR: bad AI and slow gameplay. Stay away.

It's been said that this game would be the one to restore the old ways of doing things that 3DO and New World Computing had set in place. However, this is just a false promise meant to make you spend money on a cheap product that is glitchy and isn't even fun.

I'll start with the poor AI. It's worse than HOMM 3 AI. Yes you read that correctly, a game from 1999 has better AI than a game from 2015. I played a map on hard difficulty and found no difficulty at all. The AI is so dumb it's laughable. To explain, all of the neutral armies made serious mistakes that didn't even make sense. In battle, enemy melee fighters, for example, make movements that aren't even towards my army. They just made themselves fodder for my archers instead of causing me to take losses. The most annoying AI shortcoming of all, which made combats not challenging to the point of no-fun, was enemy archers defending instead of attacking. When I would move a single melee troop next to them to stop them from shooting the AI would just have the archers defend instead of move or attack to clear their path so they could shoot again. This was on hard difficulty. Don't get me wrong - I want to win but it shouldn't be that easy, especially on hard difficulty. Shouldn't AI maximize my losses on hard difficulty? At least in HOMM 3 that's what would happen. In this game it didn't even do that.

This game feels cheap too. The opening cinematic is a camera panning over stained glass. No nice animation or anything. The fonts are terrible and did I mention the crappy AI? It's also riddled with glitches; e.g. windows supposed to have text have none, creatures disappearing from the battlefield etc. Shouldn't this stuff been weeded out during the open beta that this game had? It really seems as though Ubisoft is just taking advantage of the dedicated fanbase that the HOMM series has and just churning out whatever crap it can slap the name on to make a quick buck.

If you can get past the rest of the garbage AI and poor quality that this game has to offer then you'll have to deal with the long winded slow gameplay that makes the rest of the HOMM franchise look as fast paced as Starcraft 2. In older games you could build up your army and move out quickly if you played intelligently. In Homm 7 there is so much trash in the way and reaching your high level creatures is such a pain (because of the town level system) that you get stuck within your zone control slowly amassing an army to move out just to get stopped by more trash outside of your zone. This change in strategy is amplified by the reduced movement speed of heroes compared to older games.

This game is a disgrace to the HOMM series and I can only hope that my refund request gets accepted. Don't make the same mistake I did, if you want HOMM you'll have to go back to the older games or just be disappointed like me.
 

LEGPINCHER
82 products in account
12
1,006 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
87.3 hrs on record
Posted: 29 September, 2015
While looking colourful and rather flashy in the screenshots, the gameplay is rusty, the units possess less abilities which can be activated and the recruiting system is more clunky. This game is far less developed than its predecessor and would have needed another few months to smoothen out and optimise. Having strongly looked forward to this newest addition to Might & Magic, I am sad to admit that I cannot recommend the game as such, let alone justify its cost. The price to performance ratio is seriously flawed- a first for M&M.
 

Snippedy S. Nap
157 products in account
15
220 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
136.8 hrs on record
Posted: 13 June, 2016
I have waited patiently to review this game out of hope it would eventually be fixed. Nine months this game has been out, and it is still impossible to transfer items between heroes due to bugs that make them disappear. I won't even bother to go into any more detail, as there are already countless reviews cataloging every frustration of this ponderous failure on the part of Limbic Entertainment. This game is an abysmal, inexcusable mess. Period.
 

Baron Matticus Von Godslobber
864 products in account
3
268 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I have never asked for a refund for a game from any retailer. This was a first. My advice wait 1 year and get this on a steam 80% off sale.
 

Slushy
97 products in account
5
283 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
277.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2016
As of 18 July 2016 this game is STILL FULL of bugs:
* Skills on the skillwheel get diasspeared
* Heroes spellbook sometimes gets empty
* Artifacts in inventory also get disappeared
* Some maps areas seems to cause trouble and make the game too slow on a pc with much more better stats than game's recommended requirements
* ... and much more ...

INSTEAD OF CORRECTING THE BUGS, THEY ARE DEVELOPING A DLC WHICH WILL BE PROBABLY FULL OF THE SAME BUGS!
 

Δαίμονας
154 products in account
7
254 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Product refunded

Let me preface this review by saying i have had NO technical problems whatsoever, no bugs or crashes.
And also, that I really enjoyed heroes 6 after the patches fixed it, and that i really dislike the obsession this community has that every game has to be exactly like heroes 3 or "it's not a heroes game".

This game just feels really sloppy in almost all aspects. As soon as you start the campaign, you are greeted with a static 3d screen of this guy's council. Are you serious? It's 2015, and this isn't an indie game, it's not priced like one, and you can't even animate this? At first i thought this was turned off as a performance option, but no. And there are plenty other similar "cinematics". Seriously ubisoft if you're gonna use static 3d scenes, DONT, use drawn scenes or something else instead.

The gameplay is actually allright, but it doesn't do anything new or different from the rest of the series, for multiplayer or single player vs AI you might as well just play 3, 5 or wathever your favorite installment of this series was, and the campaign is pretty lackluster compared to 6. I suppose two things i liked here was the hero progression in general with that skill wheel, and having more factions at release like Academy which is an old favorite of mine.

The game as a whole doesn't look that good. I wasn't expecting ultra-photorealistic graphics in my heroes game, but this doesn't look any better than 6 concerning texture quality and effects. Also re-used assets piss me off.
The units are the things that look the best in this game, and yet many heroes 6 versions still look better.

Considering heroes 6 was such a mess at release and was eventually patched into a decent game, i'm hoping this one can improve but right now it just isn't worth it at full price.
 

Penguin_of_Doom
257 products in account
6
282 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
63.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
This game has so many bugs, it's ridiculous. I've spent over 50 hours since release, and every map has some game breaking bugs.

1. some quests are just straight up bugged out that you have to restart the map, and redo everything again for the quest to work. I spent more than a day to finish a map, and the last quest bugs out. It just pisses me off.

2. The sound is the worst thing in this game. Sometimes, there is no sound during combat, like at all, but there's sounds during normal play. Sound doesn't match with actions on faster combat speed.

3. Crashes. This game crashes a lot on my system. When some textures have a hard time to load/render, it just crashes. Some other times, when I fight that particular packs of monsters on the map, it just crashes, everytime. If I skip just that one pack, it works fine. I can play a much more demanding game like Witcher 3 on highest settings, and my pc handles just fine. I'm not even sure why this game crashes so much.

4. Spells don't cast at locations you point to. Especially firewall, firewall sometimes wouldn't place on the tiles that you want to assign, but it would cast a row in front/behind it. It's just stupid.

5. Effects texts on units/monster just fly all over the screen.

There are many more bugs, that I can't possibly list them here.

On to game design,

Quests/stories are boring, so boring that I don't even spend time listenning to them. This game quests are worst than HoMM VI. The quest logs don't even explain how to get something done, or have no direction. The pinpoints on the map sometimes work, sometimes don't. I would pick HoMM VI over this game anyday.


Units are plain, and boring. Range units from all factions either shoot through a row of monsters, or throw something in the sky and do area damage. There are not much design or imagination went into designing these units. The champion units are just stronger, and have more health, with a bunch of passive effects that no one cares to read, and rarely visibly matters during combat.

There is no balance between might and magic. I just pick magic everytime. I can finish the whole map with 1 stack of monsters, and maxed out firewall if I play correctly or I can just use Prime magic and summon stack after stack after stack of elemental units, and the AI just attack those summoned monsters. Most spells are just useless, I just use those very high damge spells, and it would get me through everything.

Their cutscenes are not even animated, well I'm sorry, the candles are animated, but the characters are still images, and if you look at some models, the design is just ridiculous. The necromancer girl eyes are not even lined up. etc. etc.

I can sit here, and tell you how bad this game is all day, but I'm sure you're already convinced not to buy this game, not right now.

TD;DR:

DO NOT BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW. JUST DON'T. There are so many bugs, crashes, balance issues. Story is boring, cutscenes are not animated, units are plain simple, not unique. There is little nothing new/intuitive about this new installment, they took what was already there, and made it worse.

I would get this game if it was less than $20 bucks in the future.
 

Sgt. Booker
250 products in account
4
90 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
225.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2019
Might & Magic Heroes VII is a really good Heroes of Might & Magic game. The reviews were so bad when the game came out that I ignored it for a couple of years but having played all HOMM games, eventually I gave in and tried it out. I'm happy to say that all the bugs were all fixed and the game is really good to play and very much worth it if you like this series. Don't let old reviews from when the game came out stop you from playing it now that most if not all issues have been addressed.
 

DavidMarle
44 products in account
3
107 people found this review helpful 5

Not Recommended
32.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 3
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
I have enjoyed all the might and magic heroes games since 2. Great games. But if you want to play this one you have to use Ubisoft connect, which is ALWAYS down. And there is no way to play without it, not even single player.
You have to pay for the game but then you aren't allowed to play it when you want to.
Ubisoft is criminal.
 

Alucard
59 products in account
0
126 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
100.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2021
I don't understand all the hate. I do not think the negative (or mixed overall) reviews do it justice.

I've got hundreds of hours on HOMM3, 4 and 5 and I'm loving it to the point of it being on par or even better than HOMM3. Yes, it crashes or bugs out from time to time (every 15h of playtime or so) but skill trees are much better, it fixes some imba skills from past games (like expert global magic spells that let you dominate entire battle or some messed up items), i've tried 5-6 custom maps that have always been done well, no landlocks, graphics and animations are nice...i honestly don't understand what more is needed, i'm super happy with it. Some new things as well, you can appoint governors to the cities, you can flank enemies, skills dependent on the faction...and I'm still learning after 50h of gameplay.

1 disclaimer though: I have not yet tried the multiplayer, so can't comment on that.

Also, to the HOMM community, i love you all but isn't it time we left HOMM3 behind? for the love of god :D not like it didn't have things to fix...necromancy (Isra), armorer (Mephala), and offence (Crag Hack) scaling with levels were all broken and imbalanced, and diplomacy too...you hit an expert "prayer" or "haste" and you are always first, max dmg, and each creature reaches each point on the battlefield....your lvl 40 mage with 400 mana that jumps through the map, teleports between castles...or on the contrary, you play 7h as a mage only to find Galthran with 5k skeletons with 50 attack and 50 defence and a nice Orb of Inhibition in his hands that stops all magic on the battlefield -.-

srsly, I love and still play HOMM3, but give the guys some credit, m?
 

Matilda
50 products in account
5
231 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2015
I wrote a negative review which as of Patch 1.6 I have since retracted, if you want to know what was wrong prior to patch 1.6 read the many many reviews on it already here many of which won't be retracted or re-written and such is the legacy you leave if you release a game before it is tested and completed and ask people's cash. I doubt Ubi will learn a lesson from it as they have a history of doing this but one can hope. The amount of money this game could have made overall as a finished product released with positive reviews will now sadly never be realized.

As for the game, this game is the best Heroes iteration since Heroes IV, though as any review it is up to opinion and discussion I will try to keep it on topic and based on things at least measurable.

Graphics are very good, I did not like Heroes V or VI graphics, V graphics very much reminded me of early WoW graphics they were bulky, fat, and simplistic with tons of bright colors. VI trimmed it up a bit, but VII is full rendered fantasy with great designs from an artist with some great concepts, the green dragons in this one look amazing for example (they look like they themselves were grown out of the forest) and many other creature designs are very well rendered, if still a bit bulky and ill defined for my tastes it is miles past V or VI. IV had actual scans of 3d models as sprites, and III any way you look at it, the graphics are severely dated. But I am happy with the graphics on this game, the maps are also amazing, and the towns are beautifully rendered. In V you had 3d animated town screens with dramatic sweeping cameras but I find I don't miss them, and prefer the solid functional and pretty town screens they implemented in every other hereos game, and so I can say with confidence this is my favorite when it comes to graphics in all areas but two: 1) the animations for some creatures are a bit odd on fast combat speed, and while somewhat to be expected even on slow speeds animation starts and stops can be awkward. 2) some of running animation of hero mounts also seem off on the map. Overall, 9/10 for graphics, I'd give more if it had the animations better sync'd with the game.

Sound is very good in this game, I love all the sounds in combat, and the music is stunning and very pleasant and there is different music for every town screen. This seems lovingly done and very much puts me into the mood to play and does a ton for the atmosphere of the game. 10/10

Gameplay is addicting, I just had my brother and neighbor over and we played from 6pm at night to 4am in the morning hotseating and visiting. We intently helped each other play even though we are techinically against each other, and it was a walk down memory lane and enjoyable in new exciting ways that pleased us very much. Since the gameplay bugs were fixed we had no reservations about digging in and very much loved it. It is all it promises to be a heroes game playing homage to its roots, and past, and community wishes. The skill system is somewhat revamped, but I consider it an improvement, the same things that were always there, are there but it shows you everything and what you're getting into making better strategy. Many of the broken mechanics and annoying things any long time heroes fan would know about were addressed. Some juicy examples: you can quick combat and if you don't like the results you can play manually. This makes for quicker turns and less gambling on how good the AI will play on your behalf (which you couldn't expect much from the AI in any heroes game but we'll get to that more in the next section). Town building screens are very informative now, right clicking on most things lets the window stay open so you can examine abilities, AI turns are quick (heroes V had they had longer turns than players often times AI was still bad), there is a compendium of information for heroes and units, medusas no longer guarantee kill things, minotaurs no longer have a chance to block all damage, there's more slots for artifacts, having the wrong school of magic doesn't totally screw your hero on a map when a powerful spell is found because you can still learn it just not as strong as if you were in that school... the list really goes on and on and I'm still finding large improvements on gameplay. There are a few minor things I'd like to see changed but I can't bring myself to even mention them at the moment. 10/10 for gameplay this is the direction heroes should go.

The AI is pretty bad in any heroes game, but it is really missing decision making in this one and hopefully that is patched in. I still prefer it to the release date heroes V AI because it would take about 5 minutes every time you ended turn and it was still stupid. This is lightning quick, as IV, and III were and has yet to achieve their intelligence but on a normal game at least they can still come into your territory with a sizable army and make a fun diversion. When it gets to the meat of strategy though, no Heroes AI was ever good and there's lots of ways you can beat them having bigger armies than you but that is part of the formula for heroes imo. You kill bigger stronger foes by being smarter,it's a strategy game after all. Sometimes it will fail in this though and you are up against an AI that managed to kill itself. That happened in V though and even IV a few times, but it was something to laugh at rather than get mad, usually with friends. There is definite room for improvement of the AI however. AI is 5/10. If they start picking up ALL resources they come across and don't always buy a ton of heroes could boost that a lot. This would let them build bigger armies and punish players who take too long to explore or wait longer in base to build up bigger armies to use weaker strategy/take less losses in capturing objectives and collecting treasure.

The worst part of this game in my opinion is the comments on the official website, while some were deserved for releasing a game that should've stayed in beta testing for 7 months, the level of irrational hatred there and raw negativity makes me ashamed to associate myself as a fan. I really liked the idea of the shadow council, and silencing negative opinions can seem draconian, but moderation, tone and a code of conduct are still very important factors for making a game and atmosphere built on constructive feedback. I honestly wish they'd just remove comments on their official website as it leaves a bitter taste in my mouth every time I go there.

In conclusion, the game was released too early and paid a heavy price for it, and will now always live in that shadow. It is however through patching, now the best heroes iteration since Heroes IV. It has improved gameplay, great graphics, been based on community desires and feedback, great music and sound, and fixed and improved upon many broken mechanics and annoyances from past iterations learning from the past in a good way and taking the Heroes franchise in a direction that I very much want to see, on the strong stipulation that Ubisoft will stop releasing games that aren't finished ruining not only their company reputation but the games that had a lot of potential to become market breakers.
 

Lucky
330 products in account
7
73 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
179.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2017
I'll be brief.

The good:

- Units are unique and quite well balanced
- Spells are interesting and also quite well balanced.
- Hero progression is fantastic' very nicely paced and every new level is excitiing with new abilities.
- Classic gameplay closely resembling HoM&M3.
- There is a Random Map Generator for that infinite replayability!

The bad:
- There are still some crashes left in the game. Rare, but still.
- The town screens are ugly (subjective) and have unfinished interface.

I don't really care about cutscenes and music etc. I care about gameplay and I am enjoying the gameplay immensely, therefore the thumbs up.
 

Alivender
304 products in account
0
135 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
47.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
I dont write rewievs often, but HOMM series is a jewel in my gaming history. Still feelin so sad to write a negative rewiev about one of my beloved series. I bought the game just on its release and even people here were sharing negative reviews about game on its first day, i didnt care and honestly i didnt meet with any bugs or crushes unlike the ppl talking about when i started to play the game. For a week it was still ok. Yes game itself lacking many major features (fail cinematics and artwork, inconvenient battle sound etc.) but was still bearable since i mostly look for playability and challange.
But after a week, when i am back from another city for a couple of days and wanted to play again but couldnt load my campaign save. Tried to fix it but i couldnt. After 10 mins i even couldnt launch the game. The game i was playin with no crashes for a week was not launching this time. And yes this is terribly annoying.
In conclusion my opinions about the game (i stilll feel sad to write those about that masterpiece series)


Negatives

- After playing so long, be prepared to have crashes and never be sure that you can load your game from your desired save, cose it may be corrupted already.
- AI is dumb. Even with a crap army but with a decent hero, you can win against AI easily.
- Units are unbalanced. It shouldnt be that hard for a pack of elite unit to kill a weakling pack of core unit. But you cant...
- Artwork is not beatiful as other HOMM series. e.g in HOMM3 remember city artworks, but HOMM7 towns look like a cheap japanese manga cover
-Some unit artwork is pointless (check upgraded asassin and black (fearie) dragon)
-Sometimes AI turn takes hellishly long
- Crappiest cinematics ever
-Not a great selection of talent trees and might and magic heroes are not designed well according to their speciality. Why would i have 3x spell talent tree but crap might tree on a ranger hero??
-Artifacts are not alluring like in previous series. I shouldnt be fighting with zounds of undead in a crypt just to get +2 defence cloak...
- Outdated graphics in total
- No random map generator and so few maps in core game
-Game seems like it is beta and not finished


Positives

-Campaign story is very nice
-Playability and gameplay is good and not boring. Feels like kinda between homm3 and homm5
- City features like spying/sabotaging etc. are really nice additions.
- Item sets are also nice addition for gameplay
- No spells to be abused and mastering on magic heroes is not a piece of cake as on previous series but when mastered it is really powerful
- Racial talents on heroes are reallly nice. (Righteousness and natures revenge are lovely )


I still dont say dont buy this game, buy this game after its fixed, buy it but NOT NOW
 

silverdark
58 products in account
1
137 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2015
I'm a fan o HoMM series since the very beginning. Although the series loses it's power in the most recent incarnations this last one simply consolidate the death of this great franchise.

When I first saw the reviews I refused to believe and insisted this could be a great title... What a mistake!

To summarize: this game is terrible (period). It is completely glitchy, save games got corrupted every time (even after the fixes), graphics are inferior than the Heroes VI version, simple sound effects are non-existent when you pick something on the map, and the list continues endlessly...

If you are a fan like me, you probably heard or played Disciples (which is a twisted/sibling copy of MM Heroes). You know, Disciples series has its merits and I like it as well. But If you really want to understand my frustrations you can compare Heroes VII to Disciples III (the most terrible of the series). When you put these two games side by side I can't even decide who is the worst.
 

Skallax
356 products in account
4
247 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Highly NOT recommended!
It's a crash fest!
Crashes on game launch.
Crashes on world map
Crashes in combat
Crashes in town screen
Crashes on loading save games

I'm quite sure my i7-2600k with 16GB RAM and GTX-970 can run this with no issues. I even turned down the details but nothing helped. No cinematic game intro. The story briefing had 3D models sitting around a table with no one's lips even moving when they talked. How the heck did the game manage to make corrupted save games anyway? All the saves I made, including the system auto-saves crash to desktop when attempting to load them. Is this game still in beta? Is Ubisoft gonna pull another Black Hole Entertainment stunt?
 

Davincey
196 products in account
1
823 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
109.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
**Edit below**

Tried to play this game multiplayer with a friend over both LAN and internet multi. Game reliably desyncs after approximately 3 - 10 turns or 'days', and crashes to menu the following turn.

This is exactly the same issue that presented when we tried to play throughout the beta. That this game is now fully released with identical bugs is a disgrace for a high tier publisher. The same issues presenting is unacceptable, particularly given the cash grab that was "pre-order for beta access". One would have hoped the beta would serve to raise issues, that would be addressed prior to full release. Unfortunately not.

Meanwhile, this game is being retailed as a multiplayer game. In its current state, this game should not have been released.

It's such a shame. I would love to recommend this game - if multiplayer reliably worked.

I really like the M&M games, and I am really disappointed in the current offering. Multiplayer is currently so broken as to be unplayable.

Sadly, given the current state of the game, this is a strong "DO NOT BUY" from me.

Disgraceful.

Chester

**Edit: My god, the frozen character models in the campaign cutscenes are atrocious? What year is this? I feel like this is a throwback to the '90s. Oh dear.**
 

Chester
419 products in account
17
197 people found this review helpful
58 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
What happens when you take the textures from Heroes V, the music from Heroes VI, remove one of the races (for future DLC release), limit the 3D engine to 270 degress of rotation hiding unfinished objects, have cut scenes with no animation and no tutorial? Heroes VII, $49.99 or local regional equivalent.
 

Barry
1,368 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
This game is a joke and maybe an actual fraud. If you choose the HEAVEN campaign, the 2nd mission has a bug that makes it impossible to proceed further! That's it! The game ends at the baggining of 2nd map! I saw that there are ton of players asking how to fix this but starting from 2018! And im writing this during DECEMBER of 2019! This is the worst unfinished product I have ever purchased in my life. AVOID!
 

Bucky Lastard
192 products in account
1
63 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 17
You have to run the Ubisoft launcher and be online with it to play this game anytime. So, if their servers are not able to connect, like just happened... I'm unable to play this game. Any single player game that requires you to be online and connected with them to play, is not a game I wish to buy again, nor will I be doing business with this company ever again.
 

tas32467
36 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
114.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 10, 2020
If you buy games and expect them to work, DO NOT buy this game. If you're okay with the 50/50 odds of actually playing the game then this may (or may not) be an ok distraction for you. I have over 100 hours of play time on my media-centre PC in our living room but the game will not run on my Threadripper game rig at all. It hangs on the "epileptic warning" screen and will not progress. I spent weeks emailing back and forth with Ubisoft trying to sort it out, with them always blaming something in my system instead of looking into their own coding. The final straw (over a year ago) was they asked me to uninstall/reinstall the game, Ubisoft launcher and Steam. I did that with the same result. SO why wait a year for this review? I just reinstalled a clean copy of Windows and with the intention of really determining whether or not it was "on my end". After installing all the drivers and letting Windows fully update, the first thing I install is Steam. Then I load Heroes VII then Uplay. Press play... still nothing.
As far as the game goes, it is not as bad as Heroes 4 and not as good as Heroes 3. I wouldn't have regretted buying this game if it wasn't for the incompetence of both the support and the compatibility of the games coding. Every other game I have (through Steam or not) has been installed and uninstalled multiple times without any issues. It's time you turn your critical eye inwards Ubisoft, instead of blaming everyone else for your less than acceptable efforts at compatibility. I am over 50 and haven't got much patience to begin with and you have depleted all I have for you.
 

frakeer
16 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2021
To quote from http://www.heroesofmightandmagic.com/ :

"
Posted by Storm-Giant at 19:59, 5 Oct 2016:
Heroes VII development comes to an end..

Just 2 months after the release of the first and only expansion, an update on the official page announced the end of the partnership between Limbic Entertainment and Ubisoft, and, therefore, H7 development cycle ends too.

This shouldn’t really catch anybody by surprise, considering the base game lackluster sale numbers, or the absolute non-existent promotion of the Trial by Fire expansion, which as of today has still not been reviewed either. H7 woes have been in the talk of the community since before the game started the public beta, with each of Ubisoft’s movements spilling more doubts around its eventual fate. Although it is remarkable that the support of the game has been terminated after only two months of its release, a sad record in the franchise.

It is hard to imagine where will the Might & Magic franchise will go from here. After the disaster of H6, H7 was supposed to bring some form of stability to the series, but it has obviously failed. With the spin-offs released after H6 (DoC, HO, MMX) also failing to leave a mark and all but forgotten now, plus Limbic out of the picture, it would not surprise me if the M&M brand is frozen until the time for a proper comeback is due. Or it could continue releasing cheap mobile games on the chinese market, who knows.

On an unrelated note, our veteran moderator in the Tournament of Honor forums, Vesuvius, has been working on a turn-based strategy game for the past two years called Space Wars. Game beta will start on December, and he has already posted some information about the game. If you are interested or you have any questions about the game, drop by and ask him directly, he won't bite! :)
"

The game's state at even this time is "barely playable at best" - Honestly I had my hopes up for H7 but instead of even beginning to really fix anything, an expansion was released. And if you can believe the news post, development seized two months afterwards.

So: Buyers beware. You will run into disappearing units, thrown together balance fixes that break faction mechanics (undead's raise), and a humongous amount of gameplay bugs. All of this without any hope it will be fixed - at all.

Going to leave the same review for the expansion.

Honestly though? Ubisoft has outdone themselves with this title. In the bad sense.

Quick Edit: The official announcement - https://mmh7.ubi.com/en/blog/post/view/important-announcement-from-the-team
 

Luetti
781 products in account
0
453 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
45.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
A huge disappointment... This is what they achieved in Heroes VII..

I have been playing Heroes for over a decade and hoping to see this one for a while.. And they even add Solmyr again which is my favorite hero off all times. By the introduction video starts the disappointment starts also..
From the first second you can feel how far from the quality this product is.. I really think even Heroes III have a more interesting introduction cinematic. And the menu.. The colors they choose, the fonts.. everthing looks so cheap.

For a while I tried not to see all of this. Just start a single player map, of course choosing my favourite hero Solmyr. They even managed to ruin that. In map screen you see a floating genie but in hero page there is a man figure with two legs..

Everything looks so sloppy that it looks like they give 0 importance to the details..

I must say they did create some very interesting game mechanics which can add a variety of possibilities to the game. But some they serve it in such a poor condition that you must force yourself to play it... The game looks way behind of Heroes VI and even Heroes V.

If you are not totally committed to this series never ever think of buying this.. And even if you are committed still think twice before buying it..


----UPDATE------
***My views after 15 hours of game play***

I continued to play for the strategy elements that I mentioned before.. The result is more disappointment.. The game really is as bad as it looks and feels like.. The AI ie totally broken. I played custom maps so I don't now how it works in campaigns because maybe it can be more scriptted so you may have more fun but for custom maps..It just doesn't work. The AI is so lazy and arrogant(!).. It passes by many free resources on the map. Doesn't even bother to collect any of them. It never try to invest itself. Most of the times it dully wonders with lots of heroes (w/o armies) around the map.

This looks bad but the battles are even worse.. Sometimes units just go left, and next turn, they go right while continuing to tkae ranged damge from my army?! Or big units (2x2) try to go narrow passages (1 square).. Then wait there or turn back to try later... In the battle map with river, whcih has only one way to pass trough to other side, a bridge, enemy units try to go left corner where there is a river.. Then they return back to the bridge.. But again they wanted to give a second try to river.. If you have one or two rangeg units or some solid spells it is really makes no sens to fight.

The AI offers no challange at all..

So pardon me because I don't want to be rude but this game is an insult to its fans more than a tribute!.. After Heroes III, nearly all games tried to do something different.. In the end, they also mostly failed but at least they tried. This one try to gather all of their good parts and ruined them all for good.. I don't know what to say more..
 

Xebeche
327 products in account
6
82 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2019
Great game - Ubisoft has invested again a lot in story and artwork; Campaign and single player mode is enjoyable.
And again, like in Heroes V and VI - multiplayer is seriously bugged.
In Heroes VII multiplayer (internet/lan), sooner or later 'out of sync' error appears. You can keep playing, but save games created after the error will be unloadable.
You can get out of sync error, because you just touched stable with your hero, or did something else similar. ok, you load again and skip touching that damn stable and you can avoid error this time. But then something else triggers out of sync error.. so you must load and load to avoid actions, that just triggered out of sync errors. Until it totally ruins game experience and you give up.
And thats not all. You can trade artifacts only with those heroes, who picked artifact up. If at first You give artifacts from one of your heroes to another, and then try to give it to team-member hero... well you can give your artifact, but team-member doesn't see it and artifact is lost. so again, you load again and try something else.
and so on, and so on.. bugs on bugs. It's just sad.
Heroes without multiplayer makes no sense - for me it's worthless. I wouldn't have bought single-player heroes.
I don't like writing reviews in Steam. But in this case, I feel, I am obliged to. I don't have any expectations, that Ubisoft will fix multiplayer issues.. As Ubisoft havent fixed multiplayer issues in Heroes V and VI.. They are probably busy creating next bugged Heroes VIII right now. But just maybe this comment saves some other players from wasting their time on constant errors and endless loadings.
 

WY
144 products in account
0
82 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2021
The game is about what you'd expect from a Might & Magic title; It's the customer service experience and the hoops you need to jump through in order to play the game that makes it not worth the purchase. Once you have your required Ubisoft account, they will bury you in junk mail. Dont forget that valuable secret password though, because you'll need to log in to play...even with Steam. Reset emails never work. Want to delete that useless account? Then your email will be "banned" PERMANENTLY, and your game licenses locked/revoked.

Shame on you Ubisoft. Buyer beware...there are better games, by better companies, to spend your money on.
 

fortunato529
67 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
72.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2017
Good game such as it is, I just cannot recomend it due to persitent bugs throughout despite the game being 2 years old. Besides the many bugs you run into during regular play, issues with the game crashing when you try to exit directly from a map to desktop and campaign progress not being saved on the overall map, forcing you to either replay maps to hope their progress saves this time or use cheats to avoid spending hours replaying a map you just beat ruin the overall experience. Didn't even realize that I was not given credit for two campaign completions until I got to the final map and realized they we'rent showing up, so now I have to replay 3 maps if I want to fully complete the campaign.
 

Bookmaniac
382 products in account
0
160 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2019
I have played all HOMM games, some of them for 1000+ hrs. They are all enjoyable some more others less, but all are good or great games. If you wonder why the latest heroes games come with mixed or negative reviews, just take a look for yourself, all I can say is that nowadays one little pixel at the wrong place is enough of a reason to give a bad review.

Anyway my buyer`s guide goes like this:

HOMM games worth full price: 1, 2, 3, 5
HOMM game worth sale price (<=75%): 7 (because it is the latest game, it costs much more, but great game)
HOMM games worth sale price (<=50%): 4, 6

And finally my personal preference of HOMM games in declining order:

3, 5, 7, 2, 1, 6, 4
 

UnholyDentist
781 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2021
cant even get into the game cause u have to go through ubisoft servers and steam, as idiotic as it gets. and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ system cant authenticate ownership so i cant even play it, just pathetic honnestly.
 

triangle strategy
5 products in account
0
129 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2016
Its broken.

After enjoying the game for 2 campaigns i suddenly ran into crashes everywhere, cant continue with my current campaign (Wizards) and cant start any other new faction ones without the game not responding.

I really wanted to get around to writing a nice review as for an adventure map game its great, unfortunately it doesn't even work after the first 9-10 campaign maps.
 

Ezek
462 products in account
2
73 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
89.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2018
I'm a old HoMM frachise fan, played all games from III till VII. This game has some very good quality elements and I would love to recommend it, but I can't.
Disclaimer, thus far I have only completed the Haven campaign and on the middle of Academy campaign, I have not played the game fully.

The good:
- Very beautiful art style, best looking Haven faction since ever. Nice looking models creature, beautiful world map. Animations range from good to alright though.
- Few but good audio sound track. Creatures sounds range from very good to decent enough, I'd job well done, for the most part.
- Deeper castle building system, there are choices to pick, overall I am glad. Overall rushing to a unit is harder than in previously games. 6 resources total, where everything besides wood and ore feels harder to acquire and more feel earned.
- The best magic school system from the entire franchise. There are are 7 different lores, Prime, Water, Fire, Earth, Air, Light and Dark, each school is strong and competitive enough on it's own. The spells while not completely stupidly broken OP as in III and some extent in V, they are pretty strong, much stronger than VI. I just feels right and it's hands down the best magic from franchise IMO.
- Skill tree once again feels relevant, to be fair it was always good enough until VI came out. Many different choices, some are hard, but some are non brainer choices, overall almost all different skill tree talents feels well worthy to be invested until, grand mastery feels well worthy. There are very hard choices in leveling up in some skill trees as well. There's only one skill tree which I consider pure rubish garbage, which is logistics which is quite lame IMO, and the Grand Mastery from Paragorn is redundant obsolete for Academy, but overall job well done. Different heroes starts with a differet selection of skill trees, some skills can reach up to Grand Master, other until Master, and some just until Expert. It varies from hero to hero and helps to promote a different playstyle approach, based on the hero, but frankly there are better heroes and better combos.
- New Garrison system. Now we receive units to defend our towns, sadly these units cannot be upgraded, and if one already has the maximum 7 stacks (or 9 with outnumbering talent), then one would not be allowed to include the garrison units. Which IMO was a stupid idea.
In Town defenses one should be allowed to play with all units, regardless of the stacks amount in control. Some hit and miss, IMO.
- Flanking system. It just feels right and natural, like second nature. It's just something that feels that should've been included since the very beginning.
- The combat is faster paced, more deadly and brutal than VI, but more casual and hand holding than V or III.

The cons.
- Bugs. While I have not experienced any game breaking bug, on the battle field, there are more bugs than countries on the planet. It's abnoxious and ridiculous.
I highly recommend to try this mod http://www.hommdb.com/mods/heroes7/bugfix-buglist/
Still it does not fixes all the bugs and are bugs outside the battlefield as well, which prevents world wide buffs to work properly, such as Suzerain and Estates, some times it works, some times it doesn't, some times it works partially, it's a mess.
- The most stupid, incompetent retarded AI till date. I'm not joking last battle for instance, the AI casted "Lightning Burst"
(Deals air damage to all adjacent units at the start of the target creature's next turn. If there is no adjacent unit, the spell remains active)
Then he imediattely moved his next creature adjacent to the unit which had the Lightning Burst aura, resulting into killing his own unit! which he promply followed soon after killing other unit by attacking a stack which he stood no chance against and loosing the match.
More examples, the AI can keep running into cover or in circles, sending only 1 giving you time to wipe the entire enemy force before they could even reach you. Some times or most often, they'll send 1 unit per time into your range, instead of going all in, making it much easier to control the battlefield and pick the foes.
If the enemy is inside the blizzard, for whatever reason they often trap themselves and become a target from ranged missile fire, without advancing in your direction.
The ranged enemy units, some times wait, giving you time to finish them off with your own ranged units.
And so on and so fort, it's the dumbest AI till date.

Furthermore, it do not stops on the battlefield, on the campaign map, the AI does not clear neutural enemies, they often expose themselves to your much stronger army to pick and defeat em, they often miss stats boots, they are incompetent on being agressive. Once you kill their main army, they'll NEVER make another army.
So did you killed the enemy main army? Well, game over.

- Worst level design till date. I'll give you an example as a sumary from my entire Haven campaign, it does have spoilers.
Map 1. Collect resources, kill naturals, reach the enemy city, fight a weak lame ass army, wait 18 days to fight another lame ass army, win the map. Basically the goal is to collect resources and fight naturals.
Map 2. There is not enemy faction, all you'll be doing is literally fighting naturals.
Map 3. Scripted map, your goal is to reach Hammer Fall, running from the enemy which will come with a 192 champions and a hell lot of other units. While in your path, you've to delay the enemy progress, by destroying the bridges, collapsing stones to block their path, etc.
While this does build some tension, I have reached my goal about 12+ turns before the enemy could've reached me.
Furthermore the only thing you'll be doing on the map, the entire time, is, yes if you answered fighting naturals you were correct.
It does not matter which building you've built, how many units you've recruited, it will comes down to the enemy 192 champions versus the 500 champions you'll acquire from completing the ritual.
There aren't any tactic, build or anything remotely connected to strategy, it's an entire level to end into a duel of 1 unit versus another unit, which you outnumber the enemy vastly. It's just pathetic.
Map 4. The enemy will send 3 armies on day 5, 23 champions and overall a hell lot of units.
Once you've done with them the map is over, because the AI will not built another army. The tricky is, the map is HUGE, so unless you're a fan of doing battles against naturals, there's simply nothing else to be looking up for.

So basically in map 1 to 4, all you'll be doing primarly is fighting naturals.
There's no moment with epic battles, there's no opportunity to put a show from that awesome build that you had, there's no competitive AI that would put you on your toes, as HoMM III and V can achieve on the hardest difficult.
It's just lame.

- Auto resolve is garbage. There are many battles which were impossible to lose any single unit, which 99,8% of the time, it says I'll lose at least 1 unit. Forcing me to keep doing pointless stupid battles against naturals, over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.
The amount of different natural units is also limited, often leading to fight the exactly same unit over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.

Another very 'interesting' feature of auto resolve is, if you select it and decide to do the combat yourself, because it's worthless, then your previously deployment configuration will be lost, meaning you'll have to deploy your units in that same configuration every single battle. Just a cherry on the top of the cake.

___

I'd love to recommend this game. If this franchise would have any hope of restoration, either from Ubisoft making a new game or anybody interested on purchasing, would require to have a good amount of sales.
But the faundation is shaky due the terrible AI. You'll be fighting naturals endlessly.
 

DecayWolf
176 products in account
0
96 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
352.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2016
This game still has so many little problems and bugs that all add up to a frustrating time trying to play it

If you're dead set on buying it, I would wait until the expansion comes out in early august. It is supposed to include a lot of fixes and changes for the better.

The AI is dumb as a brick as well. Even the combat AI for neutral enemies...

Once you've spent about 4 hours chasing down enemy heroes with no armies in them on a large map, you'll appreciate how frustrating the AI tactics can be at times as well.

The animations and animation timing - despite going through multiple major revisions - are still barely acceptable.

There are multiple issues tied to adjusting the gameplay speed settings..

For some reason it forces you to stare at a blank screen while enemies fight combats in multiplayer.. (in previous versions you could still look around at the world and examine things, etc.)

The music is uninspired

The sound effects are decent

There are multiple balance issues with certain skills and units which still need to be worked out

The map editor is a disaster. A resource hog, unoptimized even in the least, and crashes frequently

Basically Ubisoft WAYYYY underbid the project costs on this game and didn't give the company who got it even half enough time to properly finish it, before forcing them to shove it out the door to meet some arbitrary marketing date.
 

PhamTrinli
334 products in account
2
53 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
173.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2018
Just a friendly heads-up: If you have Trial by Fire and want to play it, make sure to launch "Might & Magic Heroes VII" from Steam library, instead of "Might & Magic Heroes VII – Trial by Fire". Both will open the same executable file, but with different App IDs, so playing the DLC from library won't unlock the achievements on Steam (the DLC on Steam itself doesn't have achievements).

When H7 first came out, I had tried playing it on my friend's account (because he pre-ordered the game but couldn't get access to his PC at the time) and I had to say that it was definitely an unfinished product. I even joked to him, "Loading a map takes a year, and AI's turns are gonna end soon in the following winter.". In fact, I was telling the truth, the optimization of this game was a disaster, I got a decent gaming laptop back then and the game performed poorly. Switching from high preset to low didn't even help, probably there were some serious issues with the game itself. Another problem I had encountered was the memory leaks. Playing largest map without having the game eating up all my RAM was impossible, whenever I nearly discovered the whole map, it just happened. I have to say, my past experience with this game wasn't so good, it was pretty sad and I was so angry while playing this game 2 years ago.

I can't seem to remember the time when I bought H7 for my account, as it was completely forgotten after making me insane for a few months. Steam said that I picked it up last year while it was on sale. Well, I must have been drunk as ♥♥♥♥ then. Anyway, I gave this game a try once more, I can say it has been transformed into something else. Loading time seems to be "normal" now. Enemy's turns still take a lot of time, but compared to what I did experience, it's like they made one year turn into ten milliseconds. In addition, although the game still tends to take up more RAM usage after a certain time of map exploring, the memory leak issue rarely happens anymore.

It's funny how I still remember the first time playing H7, that was when I would have no hesitation in giving the game's cinematic a 0/10 score. In the "cutscenes" (I don't know if it is the right word in this case), which show us the Shadow Council's round table discussion about the current situation, whenever someone talked, the camera turned and zoomed into his/her face and then the dialogue began. It was pure magic how words could get out of their mouths, because... their lips didn't move at all! Terrible, I had no other words to say. Fortunately, Limbic seems to improve the dialogue problem in some of their patches, now the camera doesn't zoom into their faces and everything is a little less ridiculous.

Yes, it is true that Limbic did patch their broken game, but it is also true that Limbic has abandoned their game (See: Their announcement ), how tragic... It means that there will be no further updates, no patches, no new DLCs for H7 whatsoever. Fortunately, developers left, community stays, fans still try to fix the game. There is Unoffical Community Patch, I did the campaigns with this community patch, and everything seemed alright, there were still bugs and glitches here and there though.

With that being said, patching a broken game just makes it more broken, it is true on some aspects with this game. Magic heroes were weak in the previous versions of H7, so to make the game more "balance", developers "fixed" this by buffing those heroes and their skills. You might think this move was reasonable, but the fact is that it broke some campaign's encounters. In some maps, you may find some unexpected difficult fights with the enemy's magic heroes. It was possible yet hard to beat them, so there's nothing game-breaking, just annoying.

Well, talking about "annoying", AI is the thing which annoys me the most. I heard people said H6 had the worst AI ever, H7's AI is the living proof that proves they're deadly wrong. Both scripted heroes and non-scripted ones seem clueless. Scripted heroes are not aggressive to player at all, after one or two defeats, they are just running around like crazy. Non-scripted heroes are even worse, some of them (usually empty heroes with no unit at all) just wander around doing nothing. Another annoying thing is the number of them, the first thing AI seems to do in each map is to hire all available heroes. Then they just let them run from one point to another without giving a tiny rat's ass about player's heroes.

H7's developers reused a bunch of stuff from H5 and H6, to be more specific: decent gameplay mechanics from H5 and the interface, models, music,... plus some other clunky things from H6. For instance, skill wheel and racial skills are there in the game. I liked them, especially the skill wheel, without the randomness it's easier to optimize and to choose a play-style for your hero (it's very important and really affects the power of your hero so choose wisely). Another positive point is the new flanking system in combat. The name is self-explaining, your attacking units will do more damage when attacking from side or from behind of the enemy (full-flanking), and vice versa. Some units have special abilities about this as well, like it cannot be flanked at all or can do more damage when flanking the others. This flanking mechanic performs pretty well in my game, I feel like it brings more depth into the combat system since each round I got more things to consider and worry about.

I'm more of a single-player gamer, but I did play some multiplayer maps and my experience was just horrible: random CTDs, being unable to connect (disconnected during the game), slowness, ridiculous glitches,... guess I'll just stick to the campaigns and skirmish maps then.

All in all, It's hard to say how I feel about this game, as playing it was fun yet inwardly boring at the same time. "Should I recommend this game?" is the question that I cannot find the right answer. However, with all the things I've said above, the latest version of H7 is decent, if you had tried the game right after it was released and couldn't tolerate it, you might want to give it another shot. In case you have yet to buy the game, I suggest you should wait until it's on sale then flip a coin to decide.
 

Aleks
2,177 products in account
1
69 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2019
I've almost spent 3 weeks now e-mailing back and forth with their tech support, trying to get the game to run. It seems the UPlay client doesn't want to admit I've bought the game and they've been asking for various screenshots trying to confirm I actually own it.

Don't buy it unless you want to put up with nonsense like this.
 

LadiGate
146 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
103.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2020
I was hoping that all the bad reviews were not real because this game is and will always be my childhood game. But the constant bugs and crashes continues to disappoint me deeply. Will it stop me from playing ? Hell No!

All I want is to enjoy this game as much as I did when I was younger. Its hard. Really hard but the nostalgia trumps my disappointments.
 

TammieFFS
16 products in account
2
124 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
62.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
bugged as hell, cant complete some missions, dont buy until its patched and on sale
 

kugelblitz777
159 products in account
0
69 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
89.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
Be careful. Ubisoft likes to shut down its older Games, even the Single Player Games, so you cant play them anymore.
 

noeste
233 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2020
I'm playing with Trial By Fire.

This is a positive review for UCP - Unofficial Community Patch.

I wish I could be directing part of the cost of this game to those modders, instead of towards the developers, as their effort is fundamental to make this game fun.

UCP fixes the messy bugs of homm7 and adds an extra interesting traits to nearly all units to make them more varied, making the game feels less basic. Really good mod, I'm rather enjoying homm7 with it, so far.
 

Ellye
1,086 products in account
0
106 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
97.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2016
What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job Ubi.

I'm the sort of person who buys games randomly so a lot of games I bought were at least a year since release, and for that reason all the previous ♥♥♥♥-ups were just hearsay and I didn't know how bad it is. Until now. This time I've witnessed your unprofessional abusive irresponsible behaviors first hand from start to finish.

When I first heard of Shadow Council I thought great I get to see the game in development! Then what do I see? Mistakes after mistakes. First you had the audacity to put Inferno up for a vote with Dungeon, do you know how retarded that is? Now the game is without Inferno and Dungeon is the only villain (barely), do you know how boring that is?

Then you had the gall to use recycled assets, again! You had plenty of time but you just chose not to put in the money and effort. But what bothers me is you keep saying that this is a great comeback, something that resembles H3 and H5. And look at what you have made, what a disgrace.

The artstyle is not worthy of the Heroes name and the townscreens are the most hideous I've ever seen. Also if you don't fix the still 3D figures at the council table, it will be a laughing stock for eternity. Characters talking without animation, only you can make something so stupid like this, Ubi.

Plenty of people were vocal about the right direction the game should take while it was being developed, but you just had to do it the hard way. You have to make your own pizza wheel and change the whole thing after release. Today as of 5/20/2016 you have delayed the patch that's supposed to fix the dumb AI and a bunch of other game-breaking bugs, are you out of your mind? Nearly 1 year after initial release this game still has the dumbest AI on the planet. You do know the current state of the AI completely undermines the very fundamentals of the game right? Have you stopped giving ♥♥♥♥♥ altogether?

Well I have. I saw you terminating the PR stunt (shutting down the SC site) and releasing these half-assed patches. I feel like the goal of these unhelpful patches are here to say that "we still offer game support" (no you don't" instead of solving actual problems.

Perhaps while Far Cry and Assassin's Creed keep making you money you don't care how this franchise does because it doesn't have any sentimental value to you and you'll trash it like so when the fans won't simply take whatever piece of trash you handed to them, but hey, ♥♥♥♥ you.
 

bitmaid
30 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
123.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 16, 2019
I am writing my review after 120+ hrs.

You will notice that I did not recommend this game. However I do in some part.

If you are buying this game for the sole purpose of playing the campaign or Single player skirmish then yes I do recommend it strongly as it is now for the most part polished and without major glitches.

Why I didn't recommend this game? Because I mostly play multiplayer against my brother. We've been playing this game since HOMM2. It's our nostalgic game that we grew up with and along the years we've been playing 2,3,5,6 and now 7. In HOMM 7 we've been racked with Out of synchs, disconnects but this was not the worst part.

When we are battling , we dont see each other's move on the battle map and when my creature dies, well I think its still alive because it's still up. Whereas on his side..well guess what he took the dirt nap. And the last glitch that happened in our battle was on my end it showed that it was his turn but on hiis screen it was mine. We couldnt even finish our battle. It enrages me that we spend countless hours

Now I have searched for any fixes but couldnt find any that seemed to fix this , it is important to say that I didnt try the turn-based mode as it might be why it's so glitchy. Regardless that should not be so. Also we didnt try hot-seat but assuming this would work fine it may be the only way to be able to finish a multiplayer game.

Lastly, I highly doubt that any other update will be done so this may never be fixed.

 

Misto
114 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
450.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
I am a long time player of the Might and Magic series as well as the Heroes line. I am so disappointed in this game that it makes my inner child cry. The game crashes and bugs out regardless of what I am trying to do. Until Ubisoft gets a real fix for this game, do NOT buy it.
 

Coercer69
262 products in account
3
65 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
74.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2018
Was looking forward to it as the game was on a sale, but after several hours of "gameplay" Iam sorry i bothered.
AI is stupid and is compensated by being overpowered at any stage of the game. Example: they can muster a formidable army any given turn, but when you conquer their city, it is largely undeveloped, no money income, no unit buildings, but miraculously they mustered 3-4 big armies within two game play weeks).

Since the stupid AI is overpowered, every mission you play is sudden death (mission failed) every other turn, as you cant even explore, because they will attack you out of nowhere with multiple armies. Doesnt matter that you defeated 2 big armies previously within the same week. And of course you can loose only once, because your heroe cant be defeated. But when you win, their heroe is back on his feet within the week with a bigger army.

Dont even buy this, really, not even for a dollar.
 

Carnivean
122 products in account
0
86 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
97.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2017
So incredibly disappointing. I've been playing the HMM genre for nearly 20 years and this is the worst. I'm a long time gamer and there are certain types of games I can't play now. Heroes was always my fall back and I always looked forward to the next series. I'm hoping they'll fix this mess for the next round.

You're basically forced to go from point A to point B. Period. I've tried now with 3 separate races and they're all the same. You get no city to start with and no city to find. You have only a small army. It used to be you can play the game a variety of ways. If you wanted to just go for the quest, you could do that and move on. However, you could also take your time, collect all the various resources lying about (exploring the world), capture the main resources and really build up a big army to smash your foe. Now, that's impossible. You have to figure out exactly how many men you can spare to finish the quest. It sucks.

The AI is terrible. The fighting is also choppy and slow. There may be a way to speed it up, but I'm finished trying to figure it out at this point.

The developer who did this game best was 3DO. I think they actually originated the game. I cried when it fell out of their hands for whatever reason, I don't know. The game has gone downhill since.
 

MarjorieMoon
63 products in account
3
37 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2021
Game does not work for most people (depending on hardware I imagine) after a Windows update a couple of years ago.
Ubisoft are no longer supporting this game. It may work for you - it may not. (Again - seems to depend on whether specific hardware is in your system and how that hardware interacts with Windows)
Ubisoft won't care either way once they have your money
Another warning. The bug often only manifests after about turn 10. So get 10 turns in before your two hours of refund time is up, Once it starts to crash,. It will always crash. Read the rest of this review section to see how common this is.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Doc Clarke
643 products in account
0
139 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Well, well, well... Ubisoft strikes again. Having been a staunch fan of the series since Heroes 3 I was full of hope for this game and with Heroes 7 we were promised a return to the glory days of the Might and Magic series by combining the best features from previous games with some exciting new additions. As it turns out that was simply the set up to a joke, the punchline being this game, and I for one could not be less amused.

I won't even comment on the Uplay aspect as thousands already have and their complaints have clearly fallen on deaf (read: uninterested) ears as the platform is still being pushed. I will simply take you through my Heroes 7 experience.

Giddy with delight at the prospect of playing a new Heroes game full of promise, judging by the pre-release gameplay videos, I purchased the game before release. Not just the game but the deluxe edition. As such there began a waiting period where Heroes 7 sat majestically in my library shining brightly like the bastion of turn based strategy I hoped it would be. If only I had looked a little deeper and seen the carefully woven fabrication or opened my nostrils and smelled the mile thick coating of polish that adorned the turd that was this latest Ubisoft offering. But i digress; the day finally arrived... it was ready to play.

With a slight tremor of excitement I moved my mouse to the play button and, as a lonely bead of nervous sweat rolled down my temple, with bated breath I pressed it. Little was I to know that was the most fun I'd have. After what seemed like an eternity there began an intro. 'Ok', i thought to myself, 'not too bad, don't judge yet' as the lacklustre video
continued. I arrived at the main menu and was instantly struck by the garish colours and dare i say lazy menu design. But yet again I resisted the urge to give up and pushed on; 'maybe the gameplay will make up for it' I thought to myself.

Having selected campaign there began a 'video' intro to the campaign. Now the observant among you will be wondering why i have left video in quotes. The campaign intro is in fact a series of static pictures that are pushed across the screen with some clunky, poorly acted dialog playing simultaneously. This all but confirmed in my mind my earlier suspision of laziness. I then reached a point at which I could select one of several campaigns and lo and behold after choosing one i was treated to some more static images pushed across the screen with further uninspiring commentary. It was at this point I began to take some personal offence at the release of what I was already beginning to suspect was a shoddy, unfinished mess.

All this could have been forgiven however had the gameplay been of a high standard. To say the gameplay is clunky is to say the heart of the sun is a little warm. In comparison to other games in the series the movement around the campaign map and the combat both felt sluggish and mired. While the faction town was visually appealing the menu was again cumbersome and unwieldy and the town was lacking in customisation options. The hero skill wheels were disappointing too and provided dull, minor benefits at best. All in all the gameplay was as poorly implemented and devoid of innovation as all that had come before. After my campaign attempt I tried twice to begin a single player scenario. Both times the game crashed when trying to load the list of available scenarios. I struggle to comprehend how Heroes 7 made it through the testing phase to the point of release in the state it is. The only explanation i can think of is that somehow a build from very early in the development cycle has accidently been released (fingers crossed the mistake will be rectified).

And with my foray into the underwhelming gameplay the offence was complete. All that was left was to remove it from my system, scrub my eyes that they might recover from the horror they witnessed and try to move past the extreme regret i felt that day.

In conclusion: thank you Ubisoft for my 'deluxe' piece of garbage.
 

chickengum
29 products in account
2
169 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Bucket of bugs, crashes, low-quality content for 40 pounds. What a shame Ubisoft.
 

ReAnimA
100 products in account
1
66 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
142.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2016
As a big fan of HoMM series, I'm so disappointed that so long after release this game still has countless bugs. At this point I just wish they would have the mercy to end this title instead of ruin it again and again.
 

Sylvia
566 products in account
1
27 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
419.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2021
Great game if you install the unofficial community patch that fixes a lot of bugs. There are some minor issues, but I've started to love this game more than HOMM 3.
 

kimmo.t.keranen
91 products in account
2
39 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
169.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2020
The game has been out for four+ years, and is still poorly optimized, and it crashes alot! It has similar content to Heroes III, and I can feel it's influence in this game. I do not recommend, and I would be furious if I hadn't got it cheap.
 

EliYahu 4 YAHUAH
266 products in account
0
136 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I'd have to not recommend this game just for the ammount of bugs that really break the game. From the bugs that occur, it feels closer to a alpha -> beta transition than a beta -> release transition as the bugs are blattant and trigger easily doing required actions. The AI is apaulling in that enemy creatures focus on either stacks you can't replace in your base or just smalled stack to penalize for the new moral system rather than actually focus on any of your creatures that matter. The AI heroes will ignore pretty much anything non-mine or base related and will even sacrifice heroes. As such, there ai is easy to pick-off and trick into destroying stacks of creatures of your choice. The weird trend of removing one faction from a previous game is still in trend as there's no infernal faction anymore but the new factions are interesting. The spells still feel rediculously overpowered for mage heavy characters, but the melee characters are a legitimate alternative now at least. The base aspects of the game and new features feel good all around, but aren't even close to polished and there are some sever balance issues that need to be addressed to. Finally the amount of non-campaign maps for single player is beyond pitiful.

tl;dr?

Wait for this game to get fixed and improved and then take another look at it later on, but don't get this game as it currently stands as you will just find it frustrating due to the lack of content and massive amount of bugs riddling the game. The game feels rushed and playing it for even a short time it becomes painfully apparent that the dev team did not have sufficient time / resources, or just didn't take the project seriously.
 

drake
262 products in account
2
88 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
51.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2016
I must say I'm incredibly frustrated with this title. I find it mind boggling how incompetent the devs are. I fail to see how they can mess up a simple, turn based game's net code to the point where out of sync issues happen every game. In the 24 hours I've played of this steaming pile I managed to finish ONE game and that was far from fun when the game's "EXPERT AI" (as advertised in the trailer) kept throwing empty heroes at my town (seriously, I had like 8 boats on my shores...) while my teammate just went and took their EVERYTHING and was completely ignored.

Pile of trash, don't buy it. You'll regret it. I'll wait for the next patch and the DLC and will change my revise this review if it's appropriate. Until then, I'm boycotting Ubisoft. Never seen a less competent team of developers under such a moronic publisher. Byeeee.

Edit as of 8th of August, 2016. Please, please DON'T buy this game. The long awaited patch 2.0 didn't fix any of the issues, the multiplayer is still utterly broken. It's unplayable. For the single player campaign I'd just wait for a sale, that works okay barring some minor issues from what I've seen but in 30 hours of gameplay I still only have a single completed scenario in multiplayer (described above). It's junk, untested, not worth the time you're inevitably going to lose if you want to enjoy it with friends.

UPDATE: 27th September 2016, patch 2.2. The game is still unplayable. Bugs uncovered in the FIRST 15 MINUTES of gameplay so far:

* Some random resources can't be picked up from the ground (Savage Sea)
* First two times I tried to host a game the lobby worked fine, my friend could join. Then afterwards it just didn't work, he couldn't see the game in the server list
* My friend's wolves were standing on top of sentinels (on the same grid!) in combat
* Two hard freezes for my friend on Haven, Savage Sea, position 2. Each time when he fought for the ore mine and each time the computer hard locked and had to be rebooted. ONLY occured on the ore mine fight
* Missing stats:

%stat ? Wow. Informative. Good job guys. 
A Screenshot of Might & Magic Heroes VII
By: Varenx
- Very helpful indeed, %stat is a good way to describe it

Still a pile of garbage, I recommend staying well clear. GoG sells Heroes 3 Complete, go for that one instead. ;)
 

Varenx
577 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
120.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2018
I've put thousands of hours into the original HOMM3 and GoG version, it's a masterpiece of a game and will forever be on my top 5 games list.

WIth that said I actually enjoy this version quite alot, since unlike games 4-6 in the series it stays very close to the gameplay of the third game (everyone's favourite). This is as close as you can get to a HD rework of HOMM3 with some added gameplay elements and balance changes, and I definetly think it's a good buy if you enjoy any of the previous games in the series (especially the third).

*Note that I haven't put many hours into the campaign/story of this game. I've almost only played random maps.
 

Manical™
144 products in account
1
43 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
406.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2019
I am 4 missions in to my first racial campaign, and I have seen everything I need. This game is worth every penny of your money, so don't listen to the negative reviews.

I have been playing HOMM since HOMM 1, and HOMM 7 finally brings the franchise back to form.

I carefully scoured the negative reviews for HOMM 7, and the most frequent complaints are no longer an issue.

I agree with a fellow long time fan and reviewer when he said "HOMM 7 brought the addiction back"
 

Midnight Exotica
202 products in account
0
147 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 9

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2020
Heroes 1 - very good
Heroes 2 - very good
Heroes 3 - legendary
Heroes 4 - a mistake
Heroes 5 - excellent
Heroes 6 - fair
Heroes 7 - garbage


- Unloadable save games
- Server connection issues
- Random freezes between turns
- Graphic is from 2007-2008
 

labbiel
441 products in account
11
36 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
138.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2018
Since everyone else asserts HOMM numbers for credibility here, I may as well do the same. So, yeah, I've played the heck out of this series from II to VI, all expansions, and all completed. I still play HOMM 2 from time to time, and I have the Warlock's theme as my ringtone. Please note that I played 2-5 outside of Steam so I won't show any hours for those games in my profile here.

I let bad reviews scare me away from this title for a long time. However, I think most of the bugs have been squashed (so far, I haven't found any). The camera works fine, too. I haven't had any of the technical problems some people have reported in the past.

As far as gameplay goes, this is solid HOMM. The developers tend to cycle features and creatures into and out of titles from one version to the next; why would you expect anything else? Overall, I like the changes. I'm glad, for example, the necromancy skills work like they did in previous titles. It is possible once again to create a doomstack of core necro creatures (upgraded!) from battles. It's not broken because you don't get many, but still...it's a good recycled mechanic. Caravans are a new mechanic which take away the need for low-level mule heroes. I love the caravans. And the factions! We have so many of the classics packed into this title.

The graphics are decent. I don't know why people are complaining about the voice acting--at all. I mean, at the point of this review, I've only played through 1 1/2 campaigns, but the voice acting and the cinematics so far are all very well done.

I'm not yet sold on the skill wheel, and I do not like the look of the town screens. The building interface is well done, though.

All in all, yes, this game is worth a buy. It has too many good qualities and too much HOMM goodness to pass up.
 

8-bit
143 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2016
Absolutely terrible game.
Not the gameplay - that is just lacklustre, offering very little advance from HoMM3.

My issue is the optimisation. I have never heard my cooling fan work so hard.
My PC exceeds the recommended spec from the publisher, and I even tried setting every option down to the lowest level.
Still was enough to cause my PC to crash.

Looking at feedback (wish I had read more carefully before purchasing) the overheating has been an ongoing issue for some players, but it doesn't seem to have been addressed.

To add insult to injury, Steam will not refund the game (even for Steam credit) since it took me just over 4 hours to discover that Ubisoft couldn't be bothered to spend the time they saved presenting a mostly-updated HoMM3 as a new game on optimising the code.
 

marshal_vauban
173 products in account
1
101 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
Game-breaking horrid AI. Examples:
Playing on Heroic, single player skirmish maps. Campaigne map:
- AI wanders around aimlessly, does not take open resources or mines months into the game.
-AI walks around with secondary heroes with no troops, if you make a hero with 1 lvl 1 troop you can kill 90% of all heroes.
-There is no movement strategy for weaker heroes then yours, most of the time they dont even bother to try and get away.
Battles:
-High init stacks that cannot make it across the map in 1 turn walk right up to your army and stand there for a free shot, instead of moving up a couple of hexes and being in possition to hit you on turn 2. (AI never uses wait)
-Archer units go into defend mode if a melee unit stands next to them.
-AI moves in random directions at times when there are obstacles(sometimes backwards)

Basically there is no challenge what so ever. Everyone loves winning , but if there is no risk of defeat there is no point to play.
 

lastrites4
85 products in account
4
280 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
TL:DR DO NOT BUY STAY AWAY.
Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4460 CPU @ 3.20GHz (4 CPUs), ~3.2GHz
Memory: 4096MB RAM
DirectX Version: 12
AMD Radeon R9 200 Series
Display Memory: 4025 MB

So, naturally I was very hyped for this game what followed was, what I can call at best, a buggy mess. Barring the minor annoyances with ubisofts DRM uplay, the multiplayer was virtually unplayable, desync after desync. None of the suggested fixes worked: port forwarding, turning off AV and Firewall, running in win8 compatibility. The load times are forever and honestly the game looks like crap for the resources it demands.

The gameplay is solid and I did not venture much into the campaign. Made the mistake of preordering and now I'm requesting a refund. Would suggest only buying this when it's 50% off or more, this is not worth the trouble. Unpolished piece of garbage.
 

Mersoth
67 products in account
4
48 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
422.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2019
Just like when I purchased Heroes VI. They keep having errors connecting to UPLAY (which is a joke). Very angry and will not buy another Ubisoft game. The ones from Sega never have an issue with gameplay.
 

rockne6
18 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
66.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2018
After some update I am not able to recover my UPlay account. Stupid multi online autorisation is broken. I paid money and can't even play offline without registering to several systems where all they do is change stupid passwords. Steam and Uplay supposed to make gamer's life easier, instead they took the money and forgot about me. VERY BAD SERVICE! Do not purchase this game.
 

lesausks.vigants
21 products in account
0
207 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Product refunded

Terrible back step... playing number 3 was awesome then 5 was a really good turn with graphics and was awesome but this game is a JOKE the graphic hav gone way back your base is now a badly drawn 2d image the cutscenes are stills with a voice over that you cannot tell who is talking.
-Bad 2d cutscenes
-slow
-not a progressive campaign
-2d base
-glitchy gui
I was going to get a refund if i hadnt played over 2 hours

Be aware severe let down they are just pumping out quick games
 

ProstheticAIM
693 products in account
6
30 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
86.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2017
Due to all the negative feedback I waiting a long time to get this and bought it on a very decent special.

I've played every heroes since 3 and liked them all. This is a heroes game, there's no doubt about it, and as such I am still enjoying it, although there are many poor qualities about this game. Overall it feels unfinished and rough around the edges.

At this stage there are not many bugs, and I've come across none that are game breaking. Crashes do happen but are rare. After 3 full campaigns I've come across only one unfinishable quest due to a crash whenever you complete it - I think this is very bad for a game released so long ago. Still, this was just an optional quest. Ignore it and move on. Some minor UI bugs are common but can easily be ignored.

The AI is indeed very poor and generally the difficulty is rediculously easy even at hardest difficulty. On hard difficulties the opposition strongest heroes spawn with huge armies but after that the resource gathering, town building and army recruiting of the AI is weak. Even at highest difficulty this is a faceroll. I consider this the game's greatest failure.

Storyline are borderline OK. The writing is significantly worse that previous versions, but I never played Heroes much for the story so I don't care too much.

The system changes regarding skills are OK, I preferred HOMM6 in this regard. I don't begrudge the studio the changes, but I do believe HOMM6's system was better. These changes do not reduce my enjoyment of the game.

Verdict: Not recommended due to poor AI, the rest I can live with. I'm still glad I bought & played it as I am a long time fan, but this is clearly significantly worse quality & finishing than previous versions. For die hard fans who love HOMM still worth a buy, but my recommendation is to wait for a massively reduced price special. Do NOT buy on full price.
 

Ghandi
195 products in account
0
73 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
100.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2016
DO NOT BUY THIS! Game is just a rushed developlment that lost all features from the previous game that offers way more... ai is dumb beyond limits ... will just wait to get killed or sometimes cast spells that dammage their own units for no reason...no custom heroes or special artifacts..no unit diversity....honestly graphics are pretty much same as heroes 6 and even less with the notifications now which is just a plain cheap box that was ripped straight from heroes 3.....this is a cash grab version and not an actual game sorry to the fans of this game.......
 

( G_G )
144 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2016
I have loved the HoMM series since 2. 3 is one of the greatest games of any genre I have ever played. This game however is an Ubisoft cash grab, Except for minor things like flanking in battles, it really offers nothing new over 6, which I thought was a pretty decent game after all of the patches and expansions. This game is just a dark rehash of predecessors in the series.

Also I would encourage anyone who wants to pick this up as of 10/2016 to save your money as Ubisoft is basically abandoning support for it after barely a year. Sad, really, really sad.

HoMM fans can only hope that a real publisher steps up and saves the franchise from the wretched Ubisoft business practices.

3.5 / 10
 

bohicette
704 products in account
1
44 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
140.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2019
The bad reviews are all out-dated: This game is great!

If you're a diehard afn of HoMM 3 you're going to love 7. It has many of the classic elements of 3 but with better graphics.

The bugs and glitches people have complained about have since been patched out. In addition, there is an Unofficial Community Patch which resolves all the other problems Ubisoft hadn't addressed. It adds unit diversity through unique abilities, failed procs are fixed, and I have had no issue with hosting multiplayer with friends.

Best of all, in online Multiplayer you can have SIMULATENOUS TURNS! That's right, no more waiting around hotseat fashion for your friends to finish their turn, human players now take their turns simultaneously! That by itself made it worth the purchase of an extra copy for my gf who is still learning the game.

Do yourself a favor, buy the game. Download the Unofficial Community Patch (installation is stupid easy) and start enjoying yourself. You deserve it.
 

PathofChaos
42 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2018
Above all, do not buy the game in full price: Complete Edition (49,99 €), 'cause you'll become a victim of scam. Simple as that. Wait for a good sale. On the face of the negative reviews seen at Steam and Heroes Community, I think is safe to assure that you'd be scared of getting a game full of bugs, clunky animations, moronic AI, awfully-done visuals, slow-paced and poorly optimized and balanced... Nah. Upon releasing the game was actually THAT, but that's not the case anymore. That's the main reason why I've waited for so long to write down this review. ♥♥♥♥, because I know Ubisoft very well, so back in 2015 I decided not to invest any money on it until the first reviews came out... so they did, confirming my worst expectations. Even more, I think Ubisoft should be issued for fraud, since it's been selling an early-access game at full price, a common practice that cannot be allowed. Period.

Currently HoMM 7 (aka. HoMM 6.5) is a 'standard', solid, classy and revamped version of Heroes III, however it claims desperately to be purified from bugs (partially eradicated by Antalyan), as well as modded (I mean, expanded). If it were not enough, HoMM 7 found an additional BIG hindrance on releasing: the appearance on the stage of magnomagus's great opus: HoMM 5.5. This excellent mod made by a skilled fan devoted to make Nival's offspring great again, finished HoMM 7 off, by putting it automatically to the test in every single way you can think of. Ergo when it comes to review our game, we just can't avoid comparing it with its big brother. Sad, isn't it?

What HoMM 7 does better than Heroes 5.5:

1. HoMM7's global map is far superior. Arguably the editor. And for a guy like me, who maintains that the global map plus the map editor constitute, at least, a 60 % of a Heroes game, that is not a minor thing. Why is it better? Easy: we (i. e. our Heroes) can reach more distance per turn, so the consequences are self-evident: we are able to do more stuff in less time, ergo our experience is increasingly dynamic, enriching and fast-paced in the long term. But that's not it: the graphical engine (I insist, from the 'global' perspective) is understandably better (2006-2015): for instance, orography is a pain in the ass in HoMM V but it feels smooth in HoMM 7.

2. This leads us to the second point: the visuals. I'm aware that not everybody would agree with me, but the graphics à la Warcraft provided by HoMM 5 weren't exactly within my taste. On the contrary, HoMM 6 and HoMM 7 made the grade, setting the bar above Nival's generic pretensions. Bravo on that.

3. HoMM 7 is faster. Sure, you'd say it's because AI is ridiculously implemented and yeah, you'd be right about that, but still, for a casual player like me that's not even an actual issue. A Heroes game, fellas, must be relatively fast if it doesn't wanna ruin the whole game experience. I'm not willing to accept more than 8 seconds between turns; everything above that it's unthinkable for many players, at least playing solo (the hot seat experience is pretty much other). Moreover, we're living in 2018 CE, fellowmen: why in the hell is this even an issue at all?...

4. The campaigns. I recall Heroes V campaigns to be dull and ridiculously written. Not that I care too much since I'm not particularly interested in them, but it's something to be aware of.


In what elements HoMM 7 is as good as Heroes V (even 5.5):

1. The skill wheel. To be fair, I'm not sure whether skill system in Heroes 7 is better than Heroes 5.5, but I do like it very much. Having the chance to decide how our heroes will grow is fun, so it's in Heroes 5.5. Again, not everybody would agree with me (definitely not the 'hardcore fans', for sure).

2. Those praised features inherited from Heroes VI and Heroes IV: converting towns, controlling zones, choosing different ways for developing our towns, etc. These are extremely valuable features, shared or not with magnomagus's mod, that enrich our gaming experience an awful lot.


What HoMM 5.5 (and HoMM 6) do better than Heroes 7:

1. Everything related to the game system. HoMM 5.5 is better balanced, tested, fixed and polished than HoMM 7 in regard to the skills, the combat, the factions synergies, etc. I've been witness of extremely fruitful debates at Heroes Community on that particular area and men... you just can't compete with these keen nerds. HoMM 5.5 is a machine extremely-well lubricated while HoMM 7, on the other hand, it's still in a raw stage.

2. The townscreens. What the ♥♥♥♥ were you thinking, Limbic fellas? The townscreens in HoMM are no more than glorified smartphone screens that can't be compared with the 3D beautiful environments built in HoMM 5 or the well-crafted 2D landscapes of HoMM 6 (actually my favourite saga-wise). No debate: HoMM 7 is clearly below the two previous instalments in that particular area. Anyway I can live with it: it's not a game-breaker. except in the case of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'spider' necropolis, otherwise fixed by Libertad's townscreens mod.

3. The overall animations: HoMM 5 and HoMM 6 are far superior than HoMM 7 when it comes to the combat. It isn't true that HoMM 7 animations are THAT bad, but they're not good either. The experience in-combat is a bit disappointing while in the previous two instalments is so exciting. If it wasn't enough, some sound effects are missing at sieges... Once again, HoMM 7 is the true offspring of a rush and sloppy development.

4. There's no inferno faction in HoMM 7, nor even Sanctuary. Yeah, we're missing, at least, one more faction to it. Modders, get to work!

5. The ARMG is a Heroes 5.5's powerful tool that clearly overcomes HoMM 7's generic map generator.

6. You must own a cutting-edge machine in order to run HoMM 7, in exchange for a few more than an enhanced 'indie' game. Really? Poorly optimized.

7. HoMM 7's multiplayer is still in development. Again, not that I care of: I'm not playing a Heroes game for it.

8. HoMM 5's AI, revamped by Quantomas, is clearly superior, as I already stated it.

9. A loyal fanbase's following HoMM 5 over the years, however it seems that HoMM 7's an early abandonware, only supported by relatively few good chaps.

Verdict: 6/10: Properly modded, HoMM 7 might become the best Heroes of the franchise, in my humble opinion. Nevertheless, in its current state it's merely a wannabe.

Full review at: http://tophatchild.blogspot.com.es/2018/01/hey-hey-hey-my-little-droogies-this.html
 

avin_talion
53 products in account
1
114 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
stay away until fully patched, dont join in on the regret train like most of loyal fans at the moment. what a shame
 

JohnnySins
329 products in account
2
98 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
70.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
Absolutely awful! The game have huge count of bugs! If you want to see interesting company, smart AI, it is not about this game. Ubisoft have developed half-done product, and try to sell it!
 

Oktavia
67 products in account
1
38 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2017
Product refunded

Wow. One of the things that is great about Steam is the ease with which you can install a game, keep it patched, and spend your time enjoying playing the game. I don't know how Heroes VII was allowed on Steam.

It was work to get this game to run at all. The installer doesn't create a working installation, and you are left to Google up the fix yourself, uninstalling some Ubisoft app that the installer just installed with the game and reinstalling it from Ubisoft's preferred download location. But, that, plus a little extra work, merely gets the game to run. Running the game remains an impressively annoying experience.

In single player, roughly once a minute, the game is interrupted by a dialog complaining about server connections. What on earth do we need server connections for in single player?! Extra time spent checking that everything reasonable related to firewalls, etc, is correct, to no avail.

Hours wasted that could have been spent actually playing something else. A few minutes tossed in here to try to save others from wasting their time.
 

markharrison
71 products in account
0
95 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2015
This game is so poorly tested it's actually amazing. I'm talking putting an ability point into a champions tree causes a hard in game crash. Also the saving and loading is horrible. It's difficult to get the game to launch for one thing. And my hand to god I think i have had my progress lost in each attempt i've made to play this game for more than an hour at once. What I mean is that I have tried multiple different campaigns and after each time i have an unloaded save state, i try a new campaign, but the same thing keeps happening. I gave up after like 4 tries and a custom game that wasn't beatable (learned something bugged after about 3-4 hours). Pretty awful and embarrassing overall.
 

mistakc
76 products in account
0
152 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I bought this game to play with my friends. Its awesome for the first 10-15 turns, and then the game becomes out of synch or freezes on an AI's turn. When it becomes out of synch your game will crash, when it freezes you can stare at your screen for awhile until you decide to eventually give up all the time you just put in trying to play with your friends. I attempted this multiple times making save games at certain spots so my friends an I could checkpoint. That didnt work either because it requires your friends to have the save game as well and disallows them to join (even if they were the player in the game with you and were in the game at the time of the save). This game was nothing but a waste of time and money... These bugs were known issues in the Beta, and the problems still persist. Fix the bugs before release or dont release it at all.
 

Ace0fGam3s
174 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
580.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2020
The game is good. The UPlay gatekeeper application is so bad that I can't even get the game started some days. Don't put yourself through this aggravation! There are other games out there that actually allow you to play them!
7/5/21: The new version of UPlay, called Ubisoft Connect, is working fine.
 

weun
50 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
160.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2016
I started playing the HoMM series since HoMM 2, but fell in love with the series at HoMM 3.

An amazing concept:

-Build up your town and visually see its progression.
-Building up your army of epic creatures and eventually upgrade them to be even more epic.
-Leveling up your hero (without a lvl cap) to become an unstoppable force, with spells, hero stats that boost your army and skills that boost your hero/army.
-A wide selection of races to play with ( the lesser known conflux and fortress for exmple), each with unique creatures (thunderbirds, the mighty gorgons, dragon flies, pit lords never forget!) and buildings.
-I can keep going but most people get the idea by now ;)

But with every sequal coming after HoMM 3 they kept ruining the experience in some way or another..

-Heroes 4 was horrible. The creatures, the buildings, the spells, the heroes, the whole map, basically everything looked bland, pale and washed out (the music was ok).

-Heroes 5 (or in my view the true Heroes 4) was enjoyable. the style was a bit cartoony but overall it was a decent game and thank god the didnt follow up on homm4's system of spells, creatures and buildings.

-Heroes 6.. well all i can say is that heroes 6 was from another planet. They changed so much that it felt like a complete different game (in a bad way). I didnt recognize anything and couldnt relate to the games of old (ill call it the HoMM3 feeling). It was too smooth, too sci-fi... IMO..

-Now the review of the version that matters here: HoMM7 !! (108 hours played so far)

The game has a lot of positive and a bit of negative.

-Looks: heroes on minimap and in combat look amazing, creatures, spells (great effects. Spells feel like your doing something big now), environment (Focus!! your in combat but damn that little streamlet oozing gently throught the landscape looks legit. Or the volcanic landscape where your screen actually shakes because of nearby eruptions.. SICK), basically everything! No negatives there.

-Bugs: to my knowledge and experience non-existent (anymore perhaps?! I didnt play it at release date).

-gameplay: smooth. Perhaps a little too much, because when i wanted to dig up the grail i was looking for the dig option for a good 10 minutes before i found out its an option in your spellbook... So not a 10/10 here.

-Music and sounds: Maybe a little more soundtracks would make it perfect but overall it sounds nice. 8/10 in my book.

-Towns: you actually have a town view again!! ty! and FU heroes 6.. When you add a building you can actually see it in your town view. ther is a clear section where you have your hall of heroes (tavern), marketplace, warmachines (blacksmith), caravan overview etc. etc. I like it 8/10

-Multiplayer/hotseat: Very disappointing really. Im talking about the amount of maps available. 10 in total with like only 2-3 large maps. Its just way Way WAY to few maps to choose from. Given theres a map editor but who has the time or will or more importantly the skill to make well thought out maps of his own. I dont have a lot of free time and i just want to play a map instead of create one. I want a map to be a surprise , so that i dont know where everything is located etc.

-Factions/Races whatever..: Too few. This has been an issue with all of the HoMM versions past HoMM3. But this time we dont even have the "Inferno/Devil/Demon" faction... WTF I really hope that there will be some new races being added in future patches.

So to conclude my rantings:

Heroes of Might and Magic 7 is a good game. It again gave me a bit of that feeling i had when i first started playing the HoMM series. If Ubisoft finetunes this game with future patches and additions in terms of maps, campaigns and factions (maybe 2-3 more) this will be a great game instead of a good one.
 

Tinuva
85 products in account
2
35 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
172.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2021
In 2016 I bought and installed Heroes 7 for the first time, but for some reason I didn't play it so much. After playing a couple of levels for the first campaign (Thomas), I put it on the shelf for some time, and it took so long before I returned, that I restarted the campaign again from scratch. I also started the Necromancer campaign after that, but I quit not long after. Now, after several years, where I really wanted to play Heroes 7 for reals, it took all the way to 2021 before I finally started playing the game from where I left off, till the end of the game.

Might & Magic® Heroes® VII is a pretty great game, when you first look at it. Good story, being told through dialogue and voice overs, cool heroes and abilities, stunning maps, castles and army-troops/creatures.

The difficulty of the game is very different, compared to what map you play on. Some maps are mostly regular, where you start off in a castle, and you're supposed to defeat your enemies, some you get invaded in, and some levels got a time limit. On top off that, the neutral mobs can get pretty high, but normally you solve that by making good heroes, and building sizable armies. You can't actually change the difficulty of your enemies, but you can adjust your starting resources, computer started resources, neutral army size and how fast it grows.

There are a few problems with this game, that can have been the reason I had such a hard time playing it. Sometimes I feel the sound of everything is pretty loud. It was like this in heroes 6 too, but really having your horse scream extremely loudly after every battle, is really tiresome after playing the game for hours. I had most problems with the Necromancy team as they also had the Namtaru, which would not only scream once, but twice for every single combat round. When you won with these in your army, it would scream loudly together with the hero's horse, after EVERY SINGLE COMBAT.

Game wise, this is probably the most tiresome, but there is an even bigger problem, that kinda ruins such a great game as this. The computer AI!

To make a long story short I am just gonna try to explain what makes the AI so bad. Lemme just explain one thing, I like a challenge, and I want it to be so things aren't that easy when I play a game for so many hours as this. When the AI keeps doing stupid things every single time you fight them, my motivation for playing the game goes down a bit

So here are some examples of what makes the AI stupid:
-The computer army hardly builds, they don't level their heroes, and in the end they have one good heroes, with sizable armies, that hardly uses any of his/her abilities, except for the war cries.

Only a few heroes I met through the game ever used their damaging spells, and ofc they lose. They also keep sending level 1 heroes close up to my castle, with only a few troops to show for, and in the end I just feel I beat every non-time limited map pretty easy.

The enemy heroes aren't the only ones with stupid AI. Every time you meet a Neutral army, it feels very often that you will win, even if it says deadly. Now if we look at it at a smaller scale, where you actually don't have that good spells or big army, but can still win, because the computer is an idiot:

-If you put your troops behind a stone, the AI will get stuck behind it, spending maybe 5-6 extra rounds to get to you.
-If you put flame wall on any AI mob, or several AI mobs, they will keep walking inside it, hurting themselves even more, instead of just getting out and heading for you. I won a lot of combats like this, where I had a much smaller army than my enemy (neutral/heroes).
-For some reason most neutral mobs will skip their turn. Not defend, but actually skip their turn, almost every combat, and it makes no sense. I have seen a few neutral armies being able to skip their turn, then being able to move one time at the end of a round, and then at the start of the round, damaging my army, but in most cases it never works. They even skip turn when they are inside the fire wall.

Finally I am gonna talk about the auto combat. You know, when you don't wanna fight every single neutral army there is, because there are also on most maps, insane amounts of them. Most of the time you're gonna be fighting a lot of neutral armies... Anyway. If I use an example, where you are a strong mage, you enter the combat, you either use chain lightning, killing most of the mobs you are facing, or with bigger mobs and armies, summon elementals, or use strong spells for one big creature/mob like implosion, and kill them off quick. I have seen that every time you use auto combat, any melee troop in your army, will try to move towards your enemy, meaning unecessary deaths. If you do this too much, you will eventually lose your entire army, so I like to use auto combat when I can almost for certain win, to save time.

For the campaign modes I don't wanna spoil too much, but basically you get to choose stories for every factions in the game, and you go through it with one or more protagonists, and a story unfolds for every campaign. In the end finishing each campaign will make you able to unlock a special quest in the final campaign with Ivan. If you don't get that special quest, and you don't see most of your advisers in the map, simply load your final moments of each campaign, and it should work properly.

There are also two extra campaigns called The Lost Tales (1 and 2) in Xaeroth. These look a bit more like the campaigns you are used to from for example Heroes 3, where the story is told using text, that you read. I really liked these.

It took me so many years to complete this game, and there might be a few things with this game, that makes playing it a bit frustrating, either because a level is bugged, or that the computer simply is too easy to beat. Too many neutral armies, and sound can make you get a bit warm in your head after some time, but ALL IN ALL, I want to recommend this game in the end. It looks good, is fun to play, and even though it has it's faults, the story and campaigns are pretty exciting to play. So yeah, buy and play this game, but wait for a Steam sale.

P.S. For now I am only missing the stand alone game for Heroes 7 called "Trial by Fire", but for now I think I want to wait for it to come on sale, as the game is almost as expencive as the whole Heroes 7 main game itself.

EDIT: If you buy Trial by Fire, make sure you start the game from the main game, and not the Trial by Fire client. If you don't start it from the main game your achievements will not be unlocked!
 

Laffibob Dongripants
343 products in account
1
97 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
96.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2016
At this point I consider it a moral obligation never to give Ubisoft any money ever again.

This is what happens if you turn a game studio into a corporation. Mass-production, mass-salvaging of resources, outsourcing to incapable studios, ridiculous deadlines, no aftercare for the half-finished release, no love or interest for the product, let alone the venerated series they defile. To hell with them.
 

Nevlamas
96 products in account
1
45 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
175.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2019
Technically a mix of Heroes 5 and 6. In general a good Idea, I think, but they obviously just tried to press money out of the fellow Heroes Might and Magic-Community and left things unfinished before the boat sank...
Just don't buy it. I even look sad at thos 5€ I paid in this weeks sale...
 

Greyford
64 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2020
Oooook! First things first, this is not a bad game! Buuuuut, overall I have not enjoyed this one much, I gave it a couple of goes but I couldn't get into it.

It looks lovely, the characters and units are great. I really enjoyed the fact that each of the units are kind of specialised in many ways, (though arguably a bit too much, I don't think it's quite as bad as in Homm6) and though I really enjoy the flow of combat and how you can adjust the speed of it to what feels right for you, I am sort of dissapointed with the hero attack animation, honestly, the magic animation is there, and it makes sense for magic classes to attack from range but I really hate seeing a might class nonchalantly swing his sword towards the enemy and that enemy unit get hit by etheral blades, like come on that could have been a spell right? (I guess I miss the HoMM5 hero attack animations x3)

In terms of the town design, I can see what they went for and all I can say is well, there was an attempt, it just feels 'flat' and I don't feel the connection of where it is in the town/ what it looks like to what it does, perhaps besides the obvious walls and town halls. I know that seems like a minor thing I'm being picky about but I don't feel the satisfaction of building my town up even once I do. Please do let me know if it's different for you.
Personally, I like how you can choose which town specialises in the production of which units, I think it's a fantastic feature that allows for interesting games even if you are playing against the same town.

Music wise ehhhhh bit of hit and miss I'd say some castle themes are ok others feel kind of stale the themes of terraing are generally cool, oh and I may not have like a huge amount of hours but I AM SO SICK OF THE BATTLE THEME!! It is sooo tedious! Every single time just grrr! Oh and don't get me started on how long it takes to load into a battle, like whyyy? I just want to play game!

Now I'd like to say a little about story telling, I may not be a great story teller, but in things like movies and games a very powerful technique is to show the player/watcher rather than tell, let us figure stuff out our selves rather than force feeding us everything each character knows. I like stories especially these kind of stories, but this game has managed to completly lose my interest in the story by the third scenario on the Haven campaign, in short, I didn't like it.
However! There is a redeeming factor to this and whether this was intentional or by accident, I feel that perhaps the best storytelling in this game is delivered by how you are allowed to level your heroes' abilities in custom games. Now hear me out, I haven't gone insane! You can see what each hero is able to achieve, some are able to get a higer level in particular skills, with each being able to achieve 3 of what I would call the 'ultimate level' of that particular skill or discipline, each hero having access to a different combination of these you can start to speculate what roles they filled throught their lives in this universe. Again, I personally like that, but I understand that not everyone likes overthinking things like this.

In conclusion I personally had a relatively poor expeariance with this part of the HoMM franchise -I'm still mad at you ubisoft >:( - though it can indeed prove to be a good way spend a couple of good hours. If you haven't played many Homm games before, and would like to start with this one, yeah go for it! If you are a massive Homm3 maniac like me, I'd probably say to just take a wide step around this one.

Hope my thoughts helped, and enjoy yourselves whether you pick this game up or not
 

Glotherin
92 products in account
8
77 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
994.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2016
If you are a HOM fan then the next iteration is going to be a must, if not then the previous iteration is pretty similar. There are cosmetic changes where the maps appear more 3D as they are using the Uneal engine.

I have to admit that I am rather underwhelmed by the offering and I would not purchase this game at full price. Heroes V was a breakthrough though the lack of modding capabilities kinda spoiled it. The Mod editor is back and straightforward to use. The random maps feature is my favorite as I tend not to play the main quests. Sadly Ubisoft lock certain graphical options until you have achieved certain quest achievements which, though these things are minor, I feel like I paid for a game that requires me to play what I don't care for in order to get the full functionality.

If I pay for a game then achievements should be optional not mandatory. After all this is not a MMORPG.

Now I run a pretty high end PC with multiple SLI cards and the large maps with dungeon level have a red exclamation point telling me it might crash. This is kind of annoying because it does crash and I suspect this to be due to sloppy memory programming on the part of the developers (an excuse often used when a weakly tested product hits the market) as my system runs some pretty memory heavy graphics applications which don't crash. I used to work as a software developer so trust me I know this.

This game could have been a lot more and sadly because all these software publishers only care about profit they have cut some pretty harsh corners. The graphics are a slight improvement on Heroes VI, but only slight and I mean it. In fact some of the graphics are really poor considering what they could have been.

Pros. Random map generator.
Cons. Poor memory management
Much of the same old same old
Expansion is hardly worth the money
Requires a powerful PC graphics system which it should not need considering the quality of the graphics.
The spell, hero and battle graphics are not new but borrowed from HOMM VI which is annoying.

So apart from nerds like myself who have been playing HOMM since version I and will always buy it because we're suckers for it, I cannot recommend this game at its full price. It is worth $9.99 in reality, especially if you consider other games at the $50-60 price point like Skyrim, COD and the like.
 

uk_ketty
185 products in account
5
73 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2017
LOL! No. Just.... no.

If you're a fan of the HoMM series, you need to play this game just so you can see how far the franchise has fallen. It's like going to a funeral: You need to go just so you can gain closure on the fact that your loved one is in fact dead.

If you haven't played any of the Heroes of Might and Magic (its PROPER title) series by now, then don't bother. I loved H3, but that's mostly just nostalgia now. H1 was my true love, with its colorful and silly graphics. But i'm spoiled now by visions and hopes for a better future that never came.

The problem with H7 lies in its bland story, bland setting, poor AI, and lackluster art direction. H6 and H5 had the same problems in different ways. But H7 fails in another significant way: It takes place in the past, before H6! I'm not even going to bother going into detail on this.
 

HiddenAndSilent
439 products in account
1
110 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
This game could be great. It has very good game play mechanics, but it is at current state broken.

The good:
game mechanics works
factions are well done
RPG hero progression is very good
The game balance is not as bad, as it looks at first glance
Duel mode

The bad:
Buggs
You cannot finish campaigns, because quest wont complete, even if you do all it writes, it just bugged out
The save games became corrupted a lot, i lost saved proggression 3 time
The AI is broken, stopping working, just defending instead attacking and even on hard difficulty, enemy dont get many units
AAA price for game that looks like 10 years old, some 5 euro indie games look better.
This game looks worse than heroes 6!!
The town screens looks much worse than in heroes 3!!!!!
this game crashes a lot
Multiplayer dont work at all
not working on windows 10
double DRM, you need both steam and uplay on this (and uplay sucks)
some hero abilities miss tooltips

This game can be great in a half year, but it will still suffer from ♥♥♥♥ graphics. The current state is a joke, it feels like alpha or very early beta.

 

FacelessOne
143 products in account
3
27 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
358.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2017
If you liked the previous Heroes games, this game can be fun as long as you are willing to accept that it isn't perfect.

By it isn't perfect, I mean the bad:
- The AI isn't great, but at least this time it doesn't cheat like it did in HoMM2 and HoMM3.
- It still crashes. For me, this was around once every 10-20 hours, mostly when ending a campaign and returning to the campaign screen, so I never lost any actual progress.
- There are some weird bugs, like the infamous firewall bug (enemies stay within it instead of leaving it) and some other minor weirdnesses. For me nothing game breaking and (besides the firewall one), I did encounter one once every ten hours.
- You need to login to uplay on the first run, otherwise it won't work. However Uplay never went down when I played it, so again, it is much more stable than it was a couple of year ago.
- The community died in practice. The base game has walkthroughs, but the expansion has none. Not even on the usual places. You are on your own to experiment.

There are other things which it does very well, also the good:
- This is HoMM5 2015 edition in most regards.
- There is a huge, very well balanced campaign. The level design is good, there is a good story arch, it does help you by testing different skills and setups and the skill system is easy to understand and fun to experiment with.
- There are some combinations which are much more useful than they appear to be. The skill system is well balanced.
- There is no "best" build for a hero. There are a different approaches working with different situations.
- The AI is somewhat bad, but the campaigns are build with that in mind. There are some levels where I was outnumbered by far by every single enemy stack.
- Also, there is a huge variety of well balanced units. This also mean that there can be small number of entry level creatures you need to skip when you can defeat large packs of champion creatures. This was an usual case for me under the wizard campaign.
-The graphics look great and the interface is easy to use.

And the great:
- The hero build variety is amazing. I ended the last level of the expansion with an economy / diplomacy hero which had a righteousness / leadership combo buffed by positive spells (read: prime magic and fortune) within around six weeks without ever buying a single creature from a city / dwelling, but building up the army on the way relying on constant good morale in the end. On an earlier level, I used defense / fire focusing heroes, just to realize on the last battle that I need to switch to a full offensive approach with melee units to win instead of casting fireballs and having the army look at the fireworks from a distance.
- The armageddon build is working and shining like it did back with Heroes 2. Because clearing out half a level with a couple of elite creatures is fun.
- All the magic schools have game ending builds, and one is not necessary better than the other. You need to adjust your strategy a lot depending on the situation.
- Some of the levels in the campaign are similarly epic as the ending of the Sylvian / Inferno campaign in HoMM5. The expansion is a bit similar on how I remember Armageddon's Blade even on normal difficulty.

I didn't tried multiplayer over the network though. But the campaign is fun and is really well balanced.
 

proci85
197 products in account
3
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2019
I think this game is a welcome return to form. It builds on many of the improvements that 5 brought to the table and is well refined. The combat is engaging with aspects like flanking playing more of a role and there is a bigger focus on unit/nation synergy. A nice little bonus is that every unit has a unique attack when they get 'lucky'.

With the skill tree, again it builds on 5's large interconnected skill wheel but simplifies this so you can't lock yourself out of the ultimate's and allows more generic progression if you'd rather be more 'jack of all trades'. It can feel a little small at times but when compared with 3's 8 skill maximum, it is leaps ahead.

The visual are also excellent. The game looks amazing and the detail on the units is a stark reminder to how far we have come from 3 and 5.

It really does feel, to me, as though they understood why 6 was such a shambles and that 5 was well respected so they have essentially polished 5. I don't know about the rest of you but I regularly play both 3 and 5 still and this really does feel like a worthy addition to the rolls.

Many reviews speak of bugs but in my time with the game, I have either not encountered them or they have been so small as to go unnoticed.

In short, I do not feel this deserves to have mixed reviews. People complained endlessly about 6 so 7 returned to solid ground by basing the game on 5 and improving on some of the more lacklustre aspects.
 

Galudirithon
307 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
127.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2017
The Multiplayer legit does not work. I would have loved to recommend this game but a huge part of it is to play with friend(s) but the online part does not work. It crashes after an hour or so of gameplay and we have tried multiple different methods to get it to work. This is a known bug but ubisoft said they are not working on this game any further so the bug is not getting fixed
 

RevanTheGod
22 products in account
3
27 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2020
Yeah, I dunno. It's a Heroes of Might and Magic game. It's fun. I followed a recommendation to use the fan patch, and there's a lot of unit variety and no bugs that I've seen. Like in every Heroes game, you just go until you get to a point that's too impossibly annoying to make it through, and you stop, right? I like it better than Heroes 6. If you like turn based strategy games, I don't see any reason not to pick it up on sale.
 

Nutlaw
415 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 3
Its a decent game with some slight changes from the other games of the past. Here's the biggest drawback...having to go through Ubisoft Connect to play it...even single player (which is what I usually play anyways). So if Ubisoft Connect takes a giant dump for whatever fill-in-blank reason...guess what? You, the player/gamer can't enjoy it either.
 

Specs
392 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
126.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2020
I was surprised how much i enjoyed playing this game, especially after hearing lots of negative criticism. I think this could have been the best Heroes game made so far. Too bad the game was abandoned and it's plagued by dozens of bugs.

The art of the game is beautiful, except for a few town arts. Especially Haven which feels ugly and lackluster compared to the Dungeon or Stronghold one. The music was quite nice and pleasant.

Some of the campaign missions had horrible story-writing ang awkward dialogues (Haven again, which is the recommended starting campaign) while others were much better and I've enjoyed them a lot (for example Stronghold and Academy campaign). The missions did feel very unique and not repetitive at all, but some of them were way too hard (looking at you Sylvan campaign, mission 2...) and i had to look for help from guides on the internet. Also you always have to level up all heroes to the max in early missions, because they will often continue on to the next maps with the exact level and build you finished the previous map. And some maps become impossible if you forgot to level just one hero and have to restart the earlier mission if you don't have a save.

The factions, town building and skillwheel are the strengths of this game. Most factions had unique gameplay styles and often forced me out of my typical playstyle. They also felt quite balanced, only Dungeon felt a bit weaker compared to the others. In towns you have a huge number of buildings you can build all the time and you have to choose which creatures you want to have more trained of. The heroes' skillwheel is awesome, there is no RNG in it. You can choose which skills and abilities you want for your heroes and when. It gives you the option to plan your strategy at the beginning of the game. The different "skillslices" are also quite balanced, tho Magic heroes with the right spells are usually much stronger in the late game than Might heroes are.

The weaknesses of the game are the bugs and the AI which is dumber than a bundle of sticks. You cast an ability on the enemy creatures that damages every time they move - they keep on moving every turn. You cast Fire Wall on enemy creatures they rarely leave it. Hell, sometimes they even move out of it then walk right back for that sweet extra damage....
And the bugs, oh the bugs... My favourite one was when my combat grid disappeared and didn't come back for multiple campaign missions. I had to do combats on hard mode. Then suddenly it was back again. I do understand why people hate on this game for the bugs part. They are everywhere.

To sum it up I liked this game much more than I didn't like it. So I think you should give it a try if you liked earlier Heroes games AND you can ignore the ever persistent annoying bugs.
 

Shonka
72 products in account
0
120 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
This will be my first review, so that tells you something about how disappointed I am with this game.

For all it's flaws, I enjoyed Heroes 6, but hated the arbitrary difficulty the AI received in the campaigns. I have played all the other Heroes games, with 2 and 3 probably being among my favorites.

I was excited to get into a new Heroes game, with fresh updates on graphics and gameplay. What I got was a whole lot of disappointment.

While the graphics look nice, I feel like 6 was cleaner looking and in motion. The animations are clunky, from movement to attacks. And the combat sounds. Oh good grief, the combat sounds. They are either horrible, or flat out don't exist. There are no impact noises to speak of. The music will play once through, then just stop. So you are playing a battle, which should be exciting, without much combat sounds, and no music. It's horrible, and ruins the gameplay for me.

And the don't get me started on the cinematics. They are atrocious. It's 2015, and every charcter stands frozen like a statue, giving speeches without moving lips or their bodies. I enjoyed the opening cinematic from Heroes 3 far more than I did this one, which is saying something.

Until these things are fixed (specifically the buggy sounds, and the non existant sounds), I have no desire to play this game. It should never have come out of beta like this, and needs quite a bit more time to develop. I cannot recommend this game, and that saddens me, for my first review and because it's a franchise I love. If the game gets updated and fixed to work properly, I will edit my review. Until then, don't buy it. You'll be disappointed.
 

Riptor90
272 products in account
1
143 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Typical of the garbage we get through Uplay. So many issues at release, multiplayer unable to connect. Unable to set a multiplayer game as friends only.. list goes on. Should get a refund for this..
 

Maelkorin
297 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Best HoMM, after bugfixes. HoMM7 offers great mix of mechanics from earlier titles. Excellent skilltree, combat is more interesting with flanking mechanics, town building is similar to 5 with elements from 4, which I personally prefer. Hero specialties have nice diversity.
All in all, HoMM7 improves many things and offers new. Unit designs are great and it is awesome to see many iconic creatures returning from earlier games. Paul Romero's and Rob King's soundtrack is as breathtaking as always. Town visuals are decent enough, but definitely not the best in the series.
I've played all of the previous ones from 1 to 7. and if you enjoyed them like I did, I wholeheartedly recommend this game to you. If you are new to this series this is not a bad place to start and if you like it you should also check out earlier titles, especially 3 and 5.
 

Galactic Overlord Bilbo
104 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
31.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 14
This game for what it is, as a Heros game, Is good. However, I only got this game to play with friends. Ive done all the troubleshooting mentioned by ubisoft and their devs however no matter what ANYONE does ( Google it ) you cannot play a multiplayer game for very long before you reach an sync error that doesnt allow you to continue. It corrupts the save file and theres no way around it. The game is broken and no one can seem to figure out how to fix it . I Searched for Hours through many forums and tried many things to fix this. Nothing does and the devs do not care. Apparently the game has never worked properly. Not even for Hotseat Multiplayer.

So, if youre getting this for Multiplayer, Dont.
 

xiii_ninjas
33 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2019
Product received for free

Guys, just don't buy this utter garbage please.
The concept of the game is good, but the technical issues will outweigh everything which is positive about this game.
With a friend we wanted to use multiplayer but it is broken. Even if you start a game, most of the time you can't load your saved multi session back because the game crashes itself.
There are tons of bugs! Hellloouu!! 2015 was 4 years ago! I don't want to mention that pile of garbage uplay laucher either...
Take that 5 euros and go watch a movie in the theatre. You will enjoy yourself more.
 

Beasthammer
37 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
2,298.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2020
This is a turned based strategy game , for me it is like playing chess against a master. Since I have played this game over 1,000 hours, its safe to say I like it. I have played against other players, made maps, and played all the content on normal, hard, heroic. I play different factions and heroes and that's what keeps me coming back. The AI gets smarter the harder you set the game. Also, played versions III, V, and VI, but this is the best one for me.

Strongly recommend you to try it if your like this format.
 

Daring Blood
8 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
100.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2017
I have really been enjoying this game. It is mostly bug free at this point, at least for the campaign missions. Some have stated that there is an issue with area effect spells where the AI will stupidly wander inside the kill zone longer than necessary.

This does occasionally happen, but it has not stopped me from enjoying the game, nor do I find all the campaign missions easy.

Here are my pros and cons:

pros:
Battle mode graphics are excellent. The skill tree is improved over Heroes 3 and Heroes 5. For once you have some control over the development of your hero vs the random attribute that some fanboys insist on. Spells are interesting and varied and there are monsters that will be immune to your attack which makes for good strategy planning.

They have reduced the ease by which you can bring troops to the front line and heroes will attack undefended towns. This is a vast improvement over heroes 6, which essentialy plays like Kings Bounty, wherein you are really only fighting and advancing a single hero, who has all your army. Now you do need to have more than one strong hero to defend your territory.

I am really enjoying the campaign missions for a change. Some of the maps are quite varied and interesting and there are some nice twists involved in getting to the next map. It's far more varied and interesting than Heroes 3-6. I actually was interested in what was going to happen next.

I did also like the varied monster choices of the 6 races and found their individual quirks entertaining. There is also some side skills like shouts or rage levels etc., that makes planning your heroes skills quite challenging and fun.

cons:
The main player map is OK and takes some getting used to. The graphics do not improve from Heroes 6 here except of course when you are inside a town.

Some spells and shouts and abilities are overpowered. Having a shout that gives all your units a lot of initiative can essentially rapidly annihilate a better equipped opponent, especially if you have nasty kill spells like chain lightning. You will often find your entire army destroyed before you even have a first turn in battle mode. It then becomes an arms race towards increasing your initiave over your enemy.

Against the AI area effect spells can be overpowered. I used blizzard to good effect here since the AI will not move out of the blizzard region in some cases unless you are within attack distance.

There is a fundamental sameness to the build of all towns and the makeup of their units with the exception of unique quirks for high level units. Still I hungered for more units or perhaps rare units that can only be acquired under unusual situations.

Overall this is an excellent game that any heroes fan should enjoy. Unfortunately we have fallen victim to fanboys who insist on only remaking heroes 3, due to their fond memory of playing it. I do play heroes 3 on occasion, but this is a better game. Yup I will commit that heresy. It has a much better campaign and more variation than heroes 3 in almost every aspect of the game.

 

mattcbro
150 products in account
3
54 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
I'm old Heroes fan. Since the King's Bounty, that, original one on XT. Heroes III were the best. Heroes IV were bearable. Heroes V with all addons are currently my favorite. Heroes VI were bearable, no RMG made it rather short experience, but it was nice. Not the best, but nice.

But this one ... well, they've managed to completely ruin the franchise. Cutscenes are just a joke, really, they look like first attempt to use 3D modeler. It's not bad, it's terrible. Gameplay is dumb as hell - no story, nothing, Hust go to "that" gate, kill that pack of monsters. AI is like a newborn baby. It knows how to move these little figures. That's it. UI looks like a 1998 web-site with all those "leopard-texture-graphical-buttons" and terrible, just unbelievable non-user-friendly UI/UX. Any aspect of this game is ugly. You just want to tear off your eyes after 10 minutes looking into this game UI. Graphics, well, it look worse than 2010 low-cost strategy games. you can't see that on screenshots, you got to see that in action to be fully thrilled with the ugliness of this.

I'm not even comparing it to any of the games in franchise. The game itself, even without comparison, is crap. Huge stinky awfuly made, badly outdated poorly coded pile of crap. This game looks like a promising "young fans" open source project in 2010. But for $40+ in 2015??? Just requested a refund. Its really that awful.

P.S. THANK YOU VALVE for ability to request a refund. I'm doing this first time, and I have over 70 full-price-paid titles in library. This game really is THAT bad.

P.P.S. If you feel addicted to the series - go, buy this game, play like 20 minutes, request refund and you will have no desire not even to play, but even to hear about HOMM for next couple weeks, guaranteed.
 

angelspire
239 products in account
1
132 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
108.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
It's nice but;


Campaign doesn't work -> Got crash in end of map and mission bugged.

Map editor doesn't work -> Got crash on save.

Random crashes in multiplayer too mostly long games.

Lots of weird Bugs in combat.


Most weird bug so far =

passed one turn and it continued passing turns until I had to hit ctrl + alt + delete.



Not worth 30€ too short experience without restarts.

Campaign cutscenes feels like something missing they are not moving mouth when talking.

Would recommend this game... but I crashed.
 

vellu
188 products in account
2
79 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
44.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
First time I have written a review about anything. I am going to keep it sweet and simple just to stop others falling into the same trap I did.

After reading many negative reviews, I decided to give the game a go any way as most of the reviews seemed to revolve around issues with multiplayer. I wanted to play the campaign or single player vs AI so I gave it a go. After about 20 hours of playing the extremely EASY and lacklustre campaigns.. I was still actually have fun as some of the game mechanics are really good. The campaigns dont really progress however and so 1 map you might start of with a level 5 hero, the next you are playing a different hero who is already level 20. This didn't really gel with me and the campaigns really are easy. I found no real difference between playing on normal or playing on heroic - so I just jacked it right up to heroic just to try and give myself the illusion of progression on each map.

So then I decided to try single player vs AI. No simultaneous turns and the time between your turns really is ridiculous. I found myself reading a book or applying for jobs in between my turns - which hey actually I didn't mind but really shouldn't be necessary. AND THE BUGS. Oh my gosh there are a lot of them, bugs ranging from some of your building not working, your strategic spells not working, things which are only meant to let you cast a spell once per combat seem to increase this spell count each combat you are in until you can cast said spell an unlimitted amount of times (and your spellbook is fullup with multiple copies of the same spell. Let's say you are defending in a seige and someone flies over your wall and you decide to shoot them with a crossbow, well because they are now on your side of the wall they get a cover bonus even though they are standing about 1m away from you with no wall inbetween.

A lot of the bugs I could forgive as many of them cancel each other out - 1 bug hinders you and (although I felt like I was cheating) another bug will aid you. But I can not forgive game-breaking bugs that pop up many hours into a game and just render the game a complete waste of time. An example of this is when I defeated an enemy hero inside their city. I gained control of the city and the game informed me that player had been defeated. However his hero still took up the hero slot inside the city. This meant that I could not enter or exit any units or heros from this city what-so-ever.

This is turning out not as short and nowhere near as sweet as I was hoping.

TL;DR: game is fun at first until you realize the abundance of bugs and lack of polish and care. Combine that with game breaking bugs that will waste hours at a time this game really is not worth it in its current state. Once the bugs are dealt with multiplayer may be fun but single player will surely still be lacking.
 

seligiline
189 products in account
3
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
42.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2018
Broken. Crashes frequently. Thanks for ruining yet another iconic franchise Ubisoft.
 

MorphGroups
118 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
265.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2021
Does not even launch in offline mode.
So when Ubisoft servers are down, you are out of luck.
 

Nican
163 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
38.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2019
I'll post my review considering only the single-player aspect of the game, I don't care about multiplayer and believe that the excuse for poor AI is that 'the fun is in multiplayer' is, well, I won't say it, it'll be censored anyway >.<

That AI This game has the same problem as any other Heroes of Might and Magic, campaigns in higher difficulty seems to be made thinking that you will have played the map several times and know when stuff is going to happen to prepare in advance, and failed because there is no way to see the enemies out of your line of sight going for one of your cities while you move to another, not to mention that it is OBVIOUS, by the amount of troops the enemy regenerates every turn in order to try to make the computer more challenging, they are using the age old lame and stupid excuse to, instead of having the computer play better, to simply give it extra troops and resources, Civilization does this for AGES, and here it is no better.

Now, what is innovative about the game, like the caravans, is interesting, the skill wheel is also interesting, and honestly refreshing, but so few stuff is new, I recognize a ton of spells from previous iterations, and it's the same stuff all over, you have 50 spells and use maybe 5 or 6, the others ones make no difference for being present or not in the game.

To the point that I have to say, if you like Heroes, there is not enough new stuff to justify buying this for more than the 90% discount I paid for it, and honestly, for a game so old, the base price for this ( About U$ 50 right now ) is insulting for what it provides right at the moment.
 

Walayimuna
305 products in account
1
56 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2019
As a long time Heroes fan i (despite the negative reviews) decided to buy this. I wish i hadn't

Pros:
- The monsters/units are cool. In fact the people behind creature design did a damn good job
- Magic is cool, although a bit OP at times
- Skillwheel is cool

Cons:
- The Strategic map is ugly as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sin. Its absoloutely disgusting to look at and you can hardly tell what all that cluttered mess is supposed to represent. Look at Heroes 3. That came out 20 years ago and yet the map is a 100 times more appeling to look at and gives the world real charm and depth
- Combat is utterly braindead and painfully slow. While the animations are alright, units deal so little damage compared to unit HP so it just turns into a long ass slog. Since you ideally want to lose as few troops as possible, all tactics turn into stacking ranged units in the corner and then surrounding them with melee fighters. You do this until you can produce elite units with more HP and get some sort of heal/damage mitigation and then you can just faceroll everything
- Its too damn easy. The toughest map structure i've come across is a tomb with a couple of hundred skeletons and some vampires and ghosts. If you have 1 champion creature, a decent hero and some ranged troops, you can do it easy with minimal losses. Enemy AI is also retardded. They dont pick up unguarded treasure on the map and most of their tactics seems to revolve around sending weak ass stacks or heroes with no units to snatch your unguraded city. Only to get molested by your army of doom 1 turn later

Do yourself a big favour and get Age of Wonders 3 instead. It's a bit different, but has loads of fantastic mods right here on steam
 

Alex den Onde
64 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2018
Nothing will ever be HOMM 3 but I will never be 14 years old with 8 Hours of free time every day again either. I think this is a good balance of old and new. Im enjoying the campaign and will probably sink some hours into custom scenarios as well. Nice to see this franchise back up and running.
 

The Tone Wizard
29 products in account
0
133 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
130.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2015
This game is still unplayable buggy. It gets worse with every new patch. For every bug they fix, ten new ones come up. This game is a desaster and have nothing in common with previous hero parts. I don't think they will ever get it beyond alpha state. Stay away from it.
 

ZuffligesVolk
48 products in account
1
22 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
145.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2019
Due to the bunch of negative reviews, only recently picked this game up during the summer sales in 2019.

30 hours in, and have not encountered a single bug. Sure, there were some frame drops and at certain points in the game, my game did freeze for like 10 seconds or more, but other than that, it's awesome.

Seems they fixed a ton of whatever people were complaining about.

Never regretted this purchase.
 

✪ Wuhan Warrior 🍉🍉
86 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2015
Do not buy this game, it is absolutely terrible (no active troup capacities, ugly cities, few factions, always the same battle maps, no tooltips anywhere, bugs everywhere, crashes etc.)

This game should not have been released at this stage.

Ubisoft, I am never buying from you ever again.
 

Shmngg
244 products in account
0
96 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2015
This game is just terrible. I mean, I played Heroes VI, and that game had an amazing amount of content with an amazing attention to detail. This game has absolutely terrible attention to detail, and a seemingly half***** story with characters that don't even move during cutscenes. In addition the game is chock full of bugs and glitches, and it seems like the devs are only making it worse instead of fixing it. I bought this game with the assumption that it would be like Heroes VI, but it's nothing like the game I loved. Honestly, if your a fan of the series, or a fan of decent games in general, DON'T consider this game. It's a huge dissapointment, and I wish there was some way I could get my money back for it. Honestly don't buy it.
 

Llyvana
346 products in account
1
39 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2019
Bought it on a sale. Wanted to like it, but cannot.

I played all HoMM parts since the very first one. This will be the first one I do not play. It is a shame because the gamedesigners had a lot of interesting ideas regarding game mechanics.

The UX is just horrible. The feedback on interaction with the world is soooo sluggish. Example: Giving your hero a movement order on the map -> animation of horse turning is delaying the movement -> does not feel like direct feedback and honestly drives me crazy.

The graphics of the units are not bad, but not great. In other HoMM parts I could imemdiatly distinguish the units on first sight. That is not possible here at all. Makes the combat even more tedious.

Flanking combat mechanic results in 'dancing' units. Nobody needs that.

The UI does not look crisp either, especially not the font.

SFX sounds cheap.

----

Few interesting ideas I would like to see again in the next HoMM:
Hero skill tree looked interesting
City build tree is cool
City defense buildings with auto-producing units
 

uncleistvan
439 products in account
0
60 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
381.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2015
As of patch 1.6, the game runs with only *minor issues*, but does not crash or bother.
The story is interesting, although a bit incoherent in some places, the gameplay is similar to Heroes 6, the visuals are nice and vivid, although some refinements could be used to highlight important stuff in reference to the background. It takes a bit to get used to the way the skill tree is made, but it's easily understood.

The only real downsides at the moment are a minor bug in the way you can share artefacts between heroes (a know bug which should be treated soon) and the fact that the campaign videos start with 'statue like' heroes, which have no lip movement, no expression, it's like stone. I guess I can live with that, the hero and unit variation is nice.

If these issues will be treated, it'll be 100% a solid continuation. For now, it's a 75-80% for me.
 

John_Connor
181 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2020
Hate Uplay, always problems.
Can't even play the game cause I can't log on to my account.
I give up.
 

Spukky
120 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
173.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2017
Severely buggy game, frequent crashes, and very poor AI.
 

Harwinne
315 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2016
Is this a good game? Yes, once you can get it to run. There's lots of fun to be had here as others have noted. I did hit a snag after installing though...

"Uplaypc not found" issue fixed in Windows 10

1. After installing the game go to the Uplay folder in File Explorer: "C:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Ubisoft Game Launcher\Uplay.exe" and run it. It will update the launcher.

2. Start the game in your Steam library and you should be able to create/login to your Uplay account and load everything up.

I hope this helps someone.
 

KingKoontz
297 products in account
1
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
151.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2018
I was hesitant to get this game because I'd heard so many negative things from long-time fans (which includes me as I've been playing since Heroes II).

However, the single-player campaign seciton of the game (at least now) is really well done.

Pros
-A varied and legit interesting campaign for each faction. Most of the maps are not 'kill all your enemies'.
-Maps look nice, have different elevations, and plenty of effects. Little touches that make it seem more interesting.
-The units are well-animated and well-designed.
-Champion units are finally truly intimidating. When one cyclops has 500 hit points you have to think of how to stop it before it wrecks your front lines.
-The skill wheel takes some getting used to, but I ultimately liked it. You seem to level up more often in this game and you have a wide breadth of choices for your skills.
-Each faction plays different enough to make it interesting every time you load up a new campaign.
-The town screens, while dissapointingly not 3D, seem to have been cleaned up and are pleasant to look at. The building UI has been improved, too.
-The game is still buggy sometimes, but no where near the release levels so take that as a pro. It has only crashed on me once.
-The game plays faster (kind of) and much more interesting than Heroes VI, the only Heroes game I never finished.
-I appreciate them going back to fix the council meeting sections and animating them.
-Good ol' Heroes fun. Kind of a cross between III and V, with some VI user interface fixes expanded upon.

Cons
-I miss the secondary upgrade options and animated 3D town screens from Heroes V. I get that budget and balance prevented that sort of stuff here, but it's still a bummer.
-Some of the maps are too packed with stuff. There are little doodads and guardian creatures every few feet it seems.
-The campaign doesn't seem very balanced. Even though the maps are varied, most of them basically throw a few enemy heroes your direciton within the first 3 weeks, all with massively powerful armies. If you can survive and beat them back then you will be able to start a war of attrition to eventually win the map.
-Magic is still stupidly overpowered. If you aren't blasting every enemy army with Poison Mist, Entangle, and Agony then you're doing it wrong.
-Lack of Inferno is a real bummer and while I was not at all a big fan of Heroes VI, it's sad to see Sanctuary missing, too, for variety's sake.

Conclusion
-The developers obviously put a lot of time and effort into this game, with the designs, animations, map effects, campaign stories, etc. And they should be applauded. I know it's heresay, but I think this is a more complete game than III, though V is still my favorite overall. It is basically III, but with a better story, graphics, user interface, and combat (the addition of flanking and initiative along with direct hero input).

I think once fans get over the fact that the game isn't perfect they will accept this as a worthy addition to the Heroes franchise. I got it on sale and it's a tremendous bargain for what I paid.
 

Thor's Throbbing Hammer
653 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
929.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2018
MMH7 is a gorgeous looking, simple, fun and compelling fantasy strategy game that I recommend to everyone who loves this genre.

The reviews are very negative so I'm not even sure where to start. I love turn-based strategy fantasy games and strategy games in general. As you can see in my profile, I have over 1000 hours played on Age of Wonders 3, over 700 played on Europa Universalis 4 and almost 500 on Total War Warhammer 1. So far I have almost 300 hours with MMH7+Expansion by playing only campaigns, and I'm about halfway in the Fortress Campaign (last one).

I will highlight several points trying to explain why I like this game:

1. Campaigns. I think this is where this game shines. The base game has 6 factions, each one with a campaign made up of 4 (5 for Necropolis) missions, except Haven which has an additional campaign. The campaigns all take place in the past; they are basically tales narrated by a member of the races and have different focus. Some recall the 1000 and 1 nights (Academy), others pirate tales (Sylvan), some are epic (Necropolis), etc. If you finish all the campaigns before the final one which takes place in the present, you unlock advantages in that final campaign. There are also 2 additionally campaigns called "Lost Stories of Axeoth", which take place in the world of HoMMIV, and the expansion adds a 7 mission campaign for the dwarves (Fortress) and a final campaign for Haven.

The vibe of the camapigns is very fairytaily so don't expect grimdark settings or skulls like in TWW. It's really like reading a fairytale book with several stories, and there are some funny/comic remarks here and there that make you smile.

The difficulty of the campaigns is rather low, the AI doesn't expand much and even on the most difficult setting I lost a few times only and I just needed to reload a few turns earlier to win.

2. Graphics look beautiful, the map is fully 3D and zoomed in the camera goes up and down mountains, lakes, etc. Colors are very bright and flashy. Maps also have different planes: there are portals that lead to dungeons, heavens, etc. Some maps have puzzles that need to be solved to proceed (i.e. entering the realm of the dead in the Academy campaign), so that makes for a fun twist.

3. Gameplay is simple and fun. There is way less campaign strategy compared to AoW3 and TWW, for examples cities don't rebel, cannot be converted, diplomacy is absent, etc. It's very easy to learn and makes for a fun, after work casual play.

Battles take place in separate maps and are very similar to the ones in AoW3. You can use spells, unit abilities, flanking, etc. Some units create magma lakes, spew venom, jump the whole battle map, create a defense, catalyze magic damage, etc. A very nice touch is that the battle maps change in size, some are huge and allow for the safe use of ranged creatures, others are tiny and lead to fast melee fights. There is no way to know in advance what battle map size you'll get, which allows for some fun unpredictability.


4. I did not have a single crash in 300 hours of gameplay! And I have a 2013 laptop... I'm not sure why crashes are reported by other players so often... There are bugs, yes, but they are more annoying glitches than anything else, like a unit disappearing for a fight (but it comes back after it), a caravan getting stuck somewhere, a unit ability working slightly differently from the tooltip description, a campaign mission ending only after a relaod, etc. However these bugs are far in bewteen, I usually notice them every 20 hours of gameplay or so.

When it is first installed, likely Uplay will give you an error message. It's just a glitch, you need to go to Uplay, create an account, and then start the game. It will work seamlessly from then on. It plays online and offline.

About the multiplayer bugs, I don't play multiplayer so I can't comment on that.

5. The races play similarly in the strategic map, i.e. conquer cities, occupy resources, build units in cities etc. but they differ slightly in what resources they need the most, how fast the caravans go, how much money they make etc.

Most differences though are in the battle mode. Every race has a different hero specialization that I find rather strong so I usually take it before any other. Races also have different units. Some races rely on ranged attacks, others on stealth, defense, fast attacks, magic, etc. I find them very well balanced and well done, everyone of them has a different flavor and mechanics in battle even though they all retain the basic differences of melee, ranged, support and siege units.

6. Heroes support units in battle but don't fight directly, differently from AoW3 and TWW. They can cast spells and do ranged attacks but cannot be targeted or attack in melee. A fun aspect of the heroes in this game is that are almost infinite way to specialize them. They all fall into the might or magic classes, and then there are subclasses for every race. They also have an exclusive starting ability or bonus such has starting skills already activated, gain some money per day, improve a unit's performance, replenish mana, etc. When gaining experience, you can upgrade them following a skill wheel divided in several slices. Every slice represents a skillset, which in turn contains several subskills. Only 3 slices per hero allow to reach the final subksill, the other trees end earlier, forcing the player to decide if they want to go deep in a skill tree, remain shallow but activate several trees, or a mix of both. In random and scenario maps there is the option to randomize the selection of skills.

7. Other than campaigns, there is a random map generator, and many single mission scenarios, so the replayability is huge. AI in these maps is very strong (it likely cheats) so they surely provide a challenge. I find it impossible to win on the max difficulty in random maps for example.

So final remarks: I love this game, I think together with AoW3 and TWW is the ultimate turn-based fantasy game of this decade (I don't include Endless Legend because I did not really like it). Compared to those two, it's more simple, more arcady and richer in RPG elements, but I find it so charming in its simplicity and I adore the fairytale, storyteller, magic vibe of it all. Yes it has a few bugs, a few more than those other two games I mentioned, but again nothing gamebreaking and usually rare.

So yes my suggestion is go buy it!
 

lucibuis
27 products in account
1
18 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
Long time homm fan, started playing the series when homm3 first came out, etc, etc.

Diclaimer:
1)Have only played a few hours.
2)Haven't tried and probably wont even bother with multiplayer.

I was on the same boat with the few that liked homm6, despite the streamlined gameplay. The only game-breaking thing to me, was the fact that enemies were getting too OP if you took your time and explore everything. Campaign was really hard too. I never liked playing this series with a ticking clock and probably never will as it's an immersive and relaxing experience for me.

That being said, i think homm7 is a very good game because:

1)Mechanics are far more interesting and deep than its predecessor.
2)Extra resources are always welcomed.
3)At its current state and after a few hours of playtime, i had no crash, encountered no bugs (at least nothing too obvious) and cutscenes seemed changed/altered for the better comparing to first reviews footage.
4)Random map generator.
4)Random map generator:).

Now there are some things that need to be mentioned too:

1)This game holds a rather strange marketing decision. Seems very rough around the edges, models are being re-used from the homm6, some textures are rather low res and holds a general feeling that either is a mod or released before the homm6.
2)Visualy it could have been better. The devs obviously wanted to give the game a more washed out feel, closer to the homm3 than using the same vivid colour palette from the previous one. This can be fixed to a certain extent by changing monitor's brightness/contrast/gamma setting. I've also enabled FXAA from the nvidia control panel, but that's a matter of personal taste.
3)Runs good, but could have run smoother.

I personaly haven't encountered anything i don't like. Game moves to a better direction than its predecessor. I think that after more than 2 decades passed, the series needs some new features, additions and not another homm3. They need to move on, build on solid ground and take it from there.

I will update the review as i play, but for now this gets a solid 8/10 from me.

Update 1: Yep, finaly found a couple of bugs. Nothing that needs to lower the score and certainly nothing gamebreaking either, just a couple of combat tooltips with a mind of their own. Still very fun so far.

Update 2: After 25+ hours of playtime, i can say this is the most fun Homm game i've played in recent years (yeah i know there was only VI in between, but you get the point:). The A.I is not that bad, just weird at times but in tough times suits me just fine. It gets bonuses as difficulty raises (all strategy games -ALL- follow the same formula), but at least it doesn't appear to know where you're on map like VI did. I really can't find any major flaw; maybe i'm the lucky one that didn't experienced a single crash, or i got into it with a very open mind, but i really love it so far. Oh and the map design/landscaping is very beautiful and natural compared to the "tidy" VI.

Update 3: Here's a weird bug: In order for ambient occlusion to work, i had to disable antialiasing from the game options and force it through nvidia panel. Game not only looks like the screenshots now, but runs smoother too.
 

Angelrocking
721 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2015
I love the Heroes of Might and Magic Series. I have played all of them since HOMM3. While this game does have several interesting features (i enjoy the new leveling system for example), the game is, for the most part, quite broken. Though the dev team is working constantly and pumping out patches fairly quickly, the multiplayer is still broken after 5 major updates (each of which somehow manages to be a whopping 2 GB).

I am unable to play a LAN game without the game going out of sync. Sometimes this take a week or two, sometimes I can't even make it through a single turn. It is the most infuriating game that I have played in quite some time, and I wish that I could still get my money back for it. The campaigns are truly awful, there is no random map generator, and only 9 maps to play on (for skirmishes or multiplayer) and 7 extra scenarios. The "movies" in game are only slightly moving 2d stills, and the 3d town interface is gone, going back to a town interface almost identical to the one used in HOMM3.

And for all of this, the game uses a ridiculous amount of system resources for what is given to us. In short this will most likely be the last game that I purchase from Ubitrash. Good job guys! You've lost another customer!

Should the game ever make it to an actual usable state, I will revisit this review. Until then, I cannot recommend it to ANYONE.

Update: As of patch 1.5 the desync issue seems to be somewhat improved (back to what it was at launch), but it is still very much there and still very much an issue.
 

repoman715
528 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
0/10!! Would not recommend!

The game is filled with bugs, runs very poorly and generally seems extremely rushed! Maybe in ½ a year it'll be worth buying but in the current state it is completely unplayable.

Don't let Ubisoft fool you like they fooled me. Stay away!
 

Christiano
17 products in account
3
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2021
I purchased it and tried it and it worked. Then when I came back to actually play it, it tried to link my Ubi and Steam accounts, failed, and then refused to start. Ubisoft is really a terrible company and I hate them.
 

h55d
87 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2021
Games is okay but ubisoft is problem. Cannot play offline. I spent 4 hours to solve ubisdoft luncher problems etc. Dont waste your time its not worth it. Refunding.
 

Brightend
678 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
106.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2020
It was going so well.... Lackluster gameplay, but no crashes. Then I hit a campaign stopping hard crash. Apparently there are two skills that don't play nice together and cause a hard crash. Only I'd have to restart the entire campaign in order to avoid taking that skill back in the beginning.

Game has been unsupported for many years. Avoid even on sale.
 

Puddles
244 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
118.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 17
"Log into Ubisoft Connect!"
Okay, forgot I had to do that, let me just...
"A Ubisoft service is currently unavailable. Please try again later."
Ah. That's why I stopped playing this game. It's because ubisoft won't let me. Makes sense.
Buy this game to waste space on your computer.

To be fair, if it works, it's fun. If you like 5 you'll probably like this.
 

Nuetro
40 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
99.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2017
I cannot recommend something that is broken.

after playing for an exceptional amount of time, its frustrating to have the main storyline thwarted because of a bug. the developer has stopped releasing updates, meaning that this bug, will always remain.

its the quest for the necropolis army, and youve been assigned a mission to capture the opposing faction, only, everytime you successfully complete this quest with the required character, the game shuts down.

Unfortunately, the colour pallette doesnt do it any justice either.

only buy if you are not interested in completing the main story by finishing all side quests, and its on sale at $1.
 

Deathbum666
836 products in account
0
55 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
384.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2015
I have been playing this game since the first one. This latest iteration is not as good as some of the previous ones and I regret buying it. There are very few maps, and some of the ones with more players cannot be completed because the game hangs. I sometimes have to launch several times before being able to start at all. It is hard to see why the graphic requirements are so high.. I can hear my computer ( a very high end gaming rig) working hard but don't really see the benefits. This game is not SkyRim.. you don't play it for the graphics. Most of the changes are for the worse, in my opinion. You can no longer convert conquered towns to your faction, fully recover your creatures (if a necromancer) and the AI is really, really dumb. The hero progression system is clunky and doesnt offer nearly the flexibility we had in VI. Overall I am disappointed.
 

laurelj
74 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2017
Ubisoft is terrible, and they should feel terrible. Longtime fan of the franchise who has a pretty high tolerance for bugs, shoddy graphics and cheese dialogue. Bought shortly after it came out, unoptimized and choppy, with horrendous graphics and terrible camera angles. Waited about two years to reinstall and try again, surely it'll be patched up by now? No. Still garbage. If you haven't wasted your money, don't. So not only is the cheapness offensive, the lack of care for people that spend their hard-earned money on their terrible products is as well. Don't support bad publishers and their crappy services like uPlay.

Its much worse than 4 or 5, which is upsetting because 6 seemed like a step in the right direction.
 

Krugwulf
152 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
144.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2017
This review is written after 70+ hours of playing the campaigns (I don't play multiplayer).
That game has been ostracized for its numerous bugs. I have to say that I've yet to encounter a game-breaking bug, contrary to Heroes VI many graphic glitches. Most bugs are just annoying, from heroes that "disappear" in battle if you act too fast after casting a spell, to stacks of creatures being "recruited" while you have no room in your army and therefore just disappearing. The kind of stupid things that should be fixed by a patch, but thanks to Ubisoft's glorious move it will never happen...
The gameplay and factions/unit roster looks like a best of of former Heroes episodes. No more town conversion neither Sanctuary faction from Heroes VI (too bad, that faction was maybe the best thing in the game). The number of factions is reasonable (7 with the extension). There's no daemons, but they appear in the neutral units roster, that is full with other old creatures from the game (they even have lizardmen). The battles are very close from what they were in Heroes VI, but thankfully the healing/regeneration spells have been toned down and the focus isn't anymore on winning without losses at all cost. The skill wheel is a good skill system, especially since it avoids Heroes V main disavantage of forcing you to follow a single path to obtain an overpowered racial skill: in campaign mode, you'll probably develop one or two of your three grandmaster skills, and the rest (about half of your 30 levels points) can be spent in the rest of your skills, offering a good variety.
The campaigns are pretty interesting. It kinda lacks the feeling of each being part of a greater story, like you had in Heroes III, V and VI, but the stories and maps are good. Alas, here is the main drawback of the game to my eyes: the AI is just disastrous. It does rather ok in battle, but is absolutely unable to offer a challenge in campaign mode. Even in heroic difficulty, it still doesn't use its resources to full capacity, leaving resources on the ground in its own territory, I even met an enemy mage faction that didn't specialize its magic guild and therefore couldn't learn any spells from their towns - specializing your magic guild is just clicking on a button and costs nothing... So it is rather usual to just steamroll the campaign maps from the first to the last. No more huge (and sometimes almost impossible) boss fights like in Heroes VI, just some a few harder fights against heroes at level 30 when you're level 15 or so, it's not much to be proud of.
All in all, the game isn't too bad, it's worth getting when it's on sale (especially since there's a complete edition and no risk of paying overpriced DLC). It's just a pity that they couldn't offer a bigger challenge to the series' veterans. It turns what could have been a good game into just another playground.
 

evilgreg3
93 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
267.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2021
This game is fine..... it has it's own issues which make it much much worse.

the good: well the factions are all strong in their own way. you can pick anything and have a good time with your guys. both might and magic can be strong depending on how you build your guys..... that's honestly about all i can say. i never play the story because i don't like being limited how i play and honestly don't care about stories. So that leave the duel mode and custom games.

duel mode is.... OK, but seems more like a half assed verson of a even fight between you and the computer. 2 heroes to choose from and 4 creep builds (one being random) If you can't let people choose their skills and creeps then don't bother. Ruins it for me.

custom mode: This is what i like playing, LOTS AND LOTS of maps can generate well over 20k different maps on largest world. so you can pick one you like, pick your starting area, opponents, teams, individual difficulties. All of this i think is well done........ but the game falls flat on it's face.

the bad: CUSTOM HEROES!!! IS not that hard to make a character creator. hero skins can be set ahead of time and you just pick one you want. but seriously allow us to pick our hero perk, and skills for each character. and this is why: mulitple characters have perks like (example) healing sisters heal in an aoe . that's awesome.... except the character doesn't have the warfare skill, meaning you can't increase the heal you get. so instead of a 200 heal that can revive and you can skill to control it yourself instead of the computer. you are stuck with a 20hp aoe heal. absolute trash. many heroes are built stupid like this. instead of fixing the issue by just letting you create heroes it's left as is leaving with 1/2 the heroes that are decent. next is the AI. I watched closely after i revealed the whole max map with 7 computer players ALL on hardest difficulty. each one hired 6-8 heroes and littereally just ran around their area practically doing nothing. it's almost like they run as far as they can for half the week then run back to recruit creeps again at the start of the week. every day ALL 56 computer heroes would attack 0-3 things while running by easily beatable guys guarding items, resources, and mines. sure they rush getting the closest castle to them.... then they are worthless. Hardest difficulty and the AI is bad.

so in short. the only reason to buy this game, is if they fixed the heroes and ai (which won't happen since it's 5 years later and they haven't touched it) or they drop the price to $5 which is all it's really worth. And since i have 191 hours over 5 years on this. i can say, the game wasn't worth buying, more of a let down
 

Reederboard
22 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
Multiplayer is unplayable for everyone, no single game can ever be finished because it will be "OUT OF SYNC", cannot be saved or loaded. Massive Memory consumption way over 16GB for larger maps or longer games.
Single Player is bugged to the point it cannot be finished.

The game cannot be played, should not of been released and has of this review, 10 days in and not a single hotfix for anything.

However, the part of the game you can play, those first 3 weeks in multiplayer, absolutely fantastic, shame its broken.
 

Sadface
291 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
119.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2016
I have been an avid player of the Heroes of the Might and Magic series since Heroes III and I have always loved all of the games in the series even with some of their shortcomings. But.............

I have attemtped to come back to this game several times to try and just play through the campains of each faction, and everytime i do, I run into a bug that ruins the game and makes it unplayable.

The most recent bug, and the final straw, is about halfway through the orc campaign my ranged units would no longer shoot. I attempted to close the game and reload, thinking it was just a glich and that restarting might correct the issue, but of course it did not. Anyone that has played any of the games in the series knows that ranged combat is vitally important and without it, it really makes the game unplayable.

At this point the only thing I can hope for is that either Ubisoft no longer publishes the Might and Magic series or Limbic Entertainment no longer develops the games for it. Preferably both. Sell it off to someone that will make the game properly!

This is my last time purchasing a Ubisoft title. I have continued to buy into my nostalgia for the series but how can I continue to love something that the people that own and produce it do not put thier own love into making.

Thanks for the great memories!
 

DarkMatter
417 products in account
1
47 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Ubisoft clearly doesn't care about the franchise anymore. They are banking on old fans to buy the game regardless of the quality. The game obviously has a tiny budget behind it, it has a ton of reused assets which is unprecedented in the franchise, is buggy, and the gameplay is just lackluster. It's like they looked at HoMM V and 3, tried to copy what made them great while failing to understand exactly why.

I do not recommend any fan of the franchise to buy this product. I was gifted it by a friend and will ask him to ask for a refund so that the money can be better spent on some other game instead. The state of this game is frankly embarrassing.
 

Sweatypaws 🐾
177 products in account
0
201 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
To be honest, I'm kind of shocked right now.

TLDR: I go into a lot of details, but overall 7 brings nothing to the table that 6 doesn't already do better. And the graphics are really terrible. Thanks to Steam's new refunds I'd recommend checking it out for yourself, but personally I'm going to be refunding this.

I've played every Heroes of Might and Magic game since 4 and I always look forward to the next iteration. They've had their ups and downs over the years, but each game has changed the gameplay in a refreshing manner while still sticking true to what we've come to know and love about the series (for the most part). Sadly, 7 falls FAR short of this.

First off the biggest and most upsetting part of the game that struck me right off: the art. This is 2015. Games are coming out each looking more beautiful and amazing than the last. And yet this game looks like it came out 10 years ago. You start the campaign to horribly low poly 3D models that they were even too lazy to even animate. The 2D drawings that introduce the individual factions campaigns looks better than this horrific series of still shots of 3D models. In game, the art is all much lower quality than it was in 6 as well, I even booted it back up afterwards just to make sure it wasn't my imagination. I'm running both games on High and it's night and day between the two games with 6 easily looking far better.

But gameplay is what really matters at the heart of things. I was willing to overlook the shockingly poor art quality if the game at least played well. It doesn't.

I started on the Dungeon campaign since they're my favorite faction (YAY, they're not DLC this time!) and was insantly disapointed that everything looks exactly as if I were playing Heroes 6 (minus the crappy art of course). The buildings your heroes interact with are all identical in appearance and functionality, most everything seems completly reused. Navigation is the same as always as is town manegment (although more on that in a bit). My first hero leveled up easily thanks to a 1k exp shrine and I was taken to the talent wheel to pick a new skill. Selection seems to be drastically down from the customization you had in 6. I can't comment on this too much though since I never got a hero to level 3 to select more than one new skill.

Combat is identical to 6. Heroes behave exactly the same, attacking or using a spell once per turn. Troops act based off of initiative and use luck and morale identically. In fact the only difference I noticed at all in combat was that the game lied to me and told me that my units wouldn't be retaliated against when, in fact, they were causing me to lose half my assassin stack. However, unlike in 6 there's no rewarding audio or animation on attacks. Your units just sluggishly walk around the board and half-assedly wack your opponents with no real impact. A large part of this is likely the lack of any real good audio cues possibly, but combat just seemed really dull and boring.

So back to town manegment. Town screens are animated and look decent so that fiasco from 6 didn't repeat itself. I do have to say that the town screen is actually quite beautiful. The Dungeon town is by FAR the best looking art I saw in the game, if only the rest of the game had recieved the same treatment as this. I'm not a fan of the building upgrade UI, but that's pretty minor.

Oh and Inferno fans? Your faction was removed, so if you don't like playing the other factions you should probably steer clear. Maybe they'll get the DLC treatment that Dungeon got in 6, but considering how much outrage that recieved I'm pretty shocked they did it again. On second thought, maybe it's not actually that surprising.

So to wrap everything up, ultimately to me 7 feels like a DLC extension to 6. The game looks the same (only worse), plays the same, and just doesn't seem to do anything that 6 isn't already doing just as well if not better. The game also performs far worse on my computer for some reason, averaging around 20 FPS at High as opposed to the 50 FPS I get on High with 6. The lack of Inferno as a faction is incredibly annoying and if it ends up being DLC as well it just seems incredibly greedy. I'm going to be refunding the game and sticking to 6 since it just seems like a better game to me.
 

ArcaneWeapon
136 products in account
3
24 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2021
ubisoft account locked the game to some other account.
unplayable now.
0/10 for ubisoft.
 

Benguin
22 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
111.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2019
This has been a great game. I purchased and immediately installed the Unofficial Community Patch. Zero problems for me and I have thoroughly enjoyed the game.
 

lexchess
46 products in account
4
20 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
659.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2019
Awesome game after patch 2.2.1! IMHO. It is worthy successor of the HOMM5.
 

dead_cat
12 products in account
2
82 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
81.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
I am an old veteran of the franchise, and I regret paying full price for this. It is worth a bargain sale for nastalgia, otherwise hold off. The AI is meh, and sometimes gets in ruts. I have one of the campaign missions stuck simply because the hero I need to kill to end it ran to a sanctuary and refuses to leave. Beyond that the few interesting updates are overshadowed by the fact that the campaign would only rate ok before any bugs came in, and goes down hill once stupid AI and bugs get involved.
 

Monky of Space
250 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2016
I am a long-time fan of the franchise, so I dearly hope to be able to change this review at some point, but right now this game is simply unplayable. My computer beats all of the reccomended specifications and yet STILL my attempts at play were jagged with lag and constantly interrupted by crashes.

This game isn't just buggy, it's outright broken. There's no reason for it to be shutting down non-stop on rigs where meatier games run smoothly.

SAVE YOUR MONEY UNTIL THEY FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥.
 

knetmakri
368 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2016
So, here we go again: A beautiful, entertaining and exciting game, chock full of bugs and completely unplayable in multiplayer. Ubisoft have parted ways with Limbic Entertainment, and they explicitly stated that no further updates will be added to this title.

So, as with Might and Magic Heroes VI, Ubisoft come out as frauds, taking money from customers while delivering a broken product. Multiplayer is unplayable, and there is also several game-breaking bugs in the various campaigns. If you don't want to waste your money, do not buy this product. No wonder people call them Ubisucks.
 

OeM
150 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2020
I thought the negative reviews might have been exaggerating, but they are probably true. I can't even start the game, it just freezes and crashes within the first few seconds. I couldn't not make it to the Uplay logo first, after a couple of tries I made it past the logo but that's it. My system is a couple of months old and I run current releases at Ultra settings without issues, this game is just too buggy. Update:I contacted the game support but all the steps they recommended did not fix this issue.
 

Siglo-V
114 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
116.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2020
People complain about graphics, AI, in-town display, factions, balancing, UI, etc. I really don't require much from this game, so I wouldn't give negative review based on the reasons listed; but the map design in adventure mode is so bad, really not that many interesting maps to be played. Of course I can create my own map, the editing tool is pretty powerful, but why would I spend hours before I play just to prepare a single map?

Also, it's the year of 2020, no more news about MMH8, Ubisoft has officially given up on this franchise. The franchise is dead. In the future we might see more MMH games on mobile platform; but actual MMH on PC? No more.

I want to blame Ubisoft for killing this franchise. However, think about it, as nowadays gaming industry, the most commercially successful games are the games with fast-paced gameplay and strong competition elements. For turn-based strategy games, they generally require a lot more time to learn about the games and generally are slower paced; reasons like these make the market of the genre small. And within the genre, there are games like Civilizations or Total War occupied most of the field; competitions are tough, there simply are little space for others to survive. MMH just happened to be one of the game franchise that got killed.

This positive review is not given to the quality of this game (but it deserves a positive rating), it's given to the entire MMH franchise.
 

Terrified_Cloud
50 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
111.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2020
Love this version.. This one actually has the feel of HOMM3.
 

Albareth
51 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2017
Please sell this franchise to CD Projeckt
 

Wurenben
2,326 products in account
5
70 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2016
I played the first HoMM when I was only 12 years old and I'm a diehard fan of the series. Although the series has its ups and downs but 6th game was very, very good in my opinion.

aaand we come to this...

look there is simply no explanation for having poor animations, lousy (or no) cutscenes and almost no polishing. Ubisoft just threw some unfinished game onto the community thinking "heroes fans will buy everything anyway". This is plain cheap. I'm so sorry for what my childhood favorite game has become.
 

doctorhayvan
247 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2020
This is how once mighty game franchises die, unfortunately. Feels like a downgrade from HoM&M 5 and 6 in pretty much every conceivable aspect, be it faction diversity, unit design, game mechanics, storytelling, visuals, or buginess. HoM&M 3 was a really big part of my early gaming days and I've spent a considerable amount of time in each of the sequels, so it's saddening to see it go out this way.
 

Eterninox
109 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
209.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2019
Do not waste your money. So many years since release and still full of bugs. Spells don't work correctly, hero turn skipped for no reason. Unplayable, unless you are the most patient person in the world and like playing each battle 4 times.
 

Overkill
85 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2021
Game isn't too bad. It does however, have a distinct "made for mobile" feel to it. From the icons to the character portraits.
A lot of the issues people had problems with are gone. You can play the game without logging into a Uplay account and I haven't found any crashes.
The game it self is pretty much HOMM, which is serviceable, but there's nothing really ground breaking here.
 

Zawa Zawa
408 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
55.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2016
I had high expectations for this game, since I had played heroes once before, but it has really let me down this time.
From the 4 games I played in the multiplayer modus 3 games froze during battle.
We tried different savepoints, but we just couldn´t fix the bug.
On top of all that crashed the games multiple times, you might argue that it´s because of bad hardware,
but my PC still fulfils the requirements for this game.
As I mentioned earlier I had really high expectations and a lot of love for (in my opinion) best turn based
strategie game, but it´s simply unplayable at this point.
 

Dokata
108 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2016
Very disapointing release for this epic franchise game.
I purchased and downloaded this game through Steam (naturally) and had some issues trying to get the game to run. In the end I had to download an update patch directly from Ubisoft and bypass Steam in order to play.

Like M&M VI, you have to play this game online using Ubisoft's portal, even though the main campaign is single player only. VII has a similar look and feel to VI when you start out but once you get into the game you realize how poorly this game is designed (at least in my opinion.)

Here are some examples:
- Skill wheel from earlier versions is back! But none of the skills actually cross-link nor is there an "uber" skill available if you choose to learn all the skills in the 3 special catagories for any hero.
- Former games allowed you to bond with heroes by building them up from scratch at level 1 through 30 through multiple campaign maps. Most maps in the campaign scenarios don't continue with the same hero you built up from the last one and the new one they provide you for the 2nd or 3rd map in the scenario is already pre-built and leveled.
- AI is pathetic! Strong AI heroes will bypass your weak castles, forts, etc.. on their way to their target.
- Combat AI is no better. At first AI creatures would always move forward automatically right into range of your creatures. All you had to do was tell your creatures to wait till AI creatures have moved first. After a recent patch, AI creatures now wait as well, but unfortunately this also includes all ranged AI creatures allowing you always to get your ranged shots off first.
- Battles are ridiculously slow, especialy if you have healing or war units, even when fastest battle options are chosen.
- There does not seem to be any option to make AI heroes aggressive. All you can do is alter starting resources, weekly resource gain, or neutral creature growth in order to try to make the game difficult.
- Final campaign map can be completed using a side hero with your main hero and others only required to collect resources!

After playing all the campaigns from start to finish I can honestly say this game is very repititious, not very challenging, and disappointing.

Even with the negative changes found in M&M VI, at least they included some very interesting "Boss" fights during the campignes which would have been nice to see continued in VII.
 

RoadtripII
117 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
191.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 24
It was suppose to be the continuation to HOMM VI, however, it did nothing good comparing to 6th had done. VII somehow managed to remove all kinds of good parts VI had while added some ‘mysterious’ horrible changes that lacking of consideration. Which made me had to write review for them, as a long time fan of the franchise(I have played all campaigns and most of skirmish maps from 3rd -6th).

The terrible mechanics start with: Broken OP magic
The ultimate change that breaking the game is: the general damaging magic are way too OP in the game. Moreover, it’s probably the worst case in the entire franchise. There is little you can do when met a magic hero who deals massive amount of magic damage each turn, since there is no magic resistant skill for heroes to learn apart from mastering Destiny skill which will give you 50% chance for enemies’ heroes to cast a spell to fail. Though not only there is few hero can learn that master part of Destiny, but also magic ignores all the creatures’ defense, it puts the game to be broken in several ways.
First, academy faction benefits OP part the most, having gargoyle and obsidian gargoyle completely immune any magic influences, while casting ridiculous damaging spell each turn to the enemies’ army, you can simple send your stacks of gargoyles into enemies’ legion as a bait then blasting them with chain of lighting which easily causes thousands of damage to several targets nearby. Academy’s faction skill is even more unforgivingly OP because the more times heroes casting a damaging spell, it gets stronger and stronger every turn. Gargoyles are the core creatures of the faction( equals 1&2 grades, if compare the previous titles, while possessing one of the highest defense and HP among the rank, often large numbered because of the basic rank, it’s not going down easily).
Let me put academy’s own creatures advantages aside(will discuss it below in ‘unbalanced factions’ section), the domination side of magic makes academy a pain in the ass to deal with, specially in campaign. Why? Because enemy’s main hero in campaign scenario is pre-set, usually at least 5 levels higher than you, their army size is often a lot larger than yours too, due to starting with multiple towns in control. The contradiction is not only that, the entire situation with many campaigns across all kinds of factions’ are intervened to the matter which suppose to giving players challenge. In the end, it often ended up running out of hand, because logically, the more time you take to overcome enemies’ towns, your economy and army will suffer the numerous disadvantage. However, when you try to ‘rush attack’ your foes, their main heroes simply counter you by blazing your little army with damaging spells that even with summoning elementals, you still can’t last long(easily a thousand of damage a turn...remember?) Putting how lame the design itself may be, the fact is, neither you can rush attack your enemies nor you can take time to gather forces, it became very awkward to play maps like this, but it happens so often in campaign scenarios. Sometimes in order to counter the horrible system and design, players were forced to seek an alternative way to beat the game without defeating these broken OP heroes which contradicts the purpose of the gameplay, well, unless developers were enjoying gamers being overwhelmed by the AI.
Anyways, in the other hand, playing academy by your own, in a random skirmish, the game felt too easy and boring because once you mastered the OP system of magic, you would burn everything in ash to claim the victory. The AI hardly will have any chance if it duels you equally, in a random generated map.

So, yeah, Unbalanced Factions
I have no idea why they needed to change everything VI did great about factions. I’m not particular a fan of necropolis, for example. However, necropolis is a prime example of being treated like rubbish in this latest installment of the franchise. The entire base statues of undead creatures are not standing out comparing to the others, it now has only ONE range unit, which is lich, the 4th grade creature(elite), which suffers the penalty of range attack if not upgraded, what’s worse, the damage isn’t specially notably high either, while devs still limits the range of rising dead to be: no more than core creatures, which are 1st grade- skeleton and 2nd grade- ghost, the number of raising has limitation for each battle as well. Meanwhile, the initials of the undead are low except the vampire lord, probably only good creature left in the race while the others’ speed aren’t fast enough, if they all have to act after the others aren’t bad enough, undead has no moral which means they never get a 2nd chance to act in the same turn. The faction somehow managed to become the weakest via unfair changes, and ultimately for no reason. Necropolis wasn’t OP in VI, Blackhole did great job despite it has 3 range units including one champion creature, in fact, by limiting the damage in half using range penalty, it balanced generally their low initial and speed in battle. Also made skeletons being a bit difficult to deal with when large numbered, since it was an archer. VII had to be creative to make it melee unit again... Large number? I don’t think so. Magic heroes have many ways to reduce its number before it even reaches them. Unless you want to sacrifice your only casting turn to use teleporting on skeletons...like every battle.
The funny thing is: being very mean to necropolis, the developers seems fond of making already super OPED academy, Sylvan( not OP but...) even more OP on creatures’ advantage. If by giving fire goblins and mages as ranged units(academy) and elf hunters and druids(Sylvan) were not enough, you can choose to build Titan( academy) or Truant( sylvan) which are both champion creatures(7th grade) for more range fire power? What a FoxK? A tree shoots blazing beans across the battle field?? Even Tolkien’s Lord of the Ring wouldn’t dare to write something like this. When titans are chilling out and destroying enemy by far, it’s hero is casting all kinds of damaging spells without worrying hitting its allies. Imagine, if you are playing a faction like Orcs, how are you suppose to beat your opponents like these? I really don’t know what developers were thinking, it seems they had fun themselves while leaving us in shock.
2 elf races, no inferno? What a FoxK again?
Yep, the game decided to have Sylvan and Dungeon to waltz in both, while casting inferno out whom had been built decently in VI. Putting aside they don’t need any extra work for it, they deleted the faction for just...any good reasons? No. Though elf and dark elf aren’t sharing the same play style and strategy, sure. But would they be more different than elves and demons? If only I could have decided, it should be a vote between elves and dark elves, not between inferno and dungeon. The world of Ashen isn’t like Ashen, when the biggest villain are scattered across the land.

Removed converted town function
For the sake of games, why? The biggest change in 6th was the converting towns from a different faction. Despite some players reported hating it very much, I speak for myself as a decades-year fan, thinking very differently otherwise. It’s a milestone change for the game, ultimately one of the best for the franchise. The function made conquering hard-defenses enemies’ towns finally had some decent advantage, if before, only gave you +2000 gold per day and sabotaged enemy’s army size a little. Again, VII decided its “ too much advantage”, had to remove it as if AI didn’t know how to convert players towns at all when conquering one. What’s worse, the change made the campaigns sometimes being nightmares even in a fairly low difficulty. For the most part, campaign enemy has more towns control pre-set in general, since you are unable to convert any towns while securing them (finish in comments below)
 

💄🍒未來ちゃん🍇🌺
849 products in account
9
91 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
129.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
I waited for that game. I wanted to love him like I did for every installment since the 3rd but in its current state I cannot recommend it !..
It's not a graphic upgrade compared to VI ... In fact pretty much the other way around ...
I could have lived with that but the mess up on the technical level is unbearable : It can crashes on you at start, in the middle of a battle or while you're saving ... Nice variety, good work guys !..
Now on the gameplay level one can wonder, how does it fare ? Well a few elements back (caravans ..) and some off (Dynasty weapons ..) but especially the bothersome feeling that you're playing a cheaper version of VI ! The fact that they are reusing a lot of its 3D models isn't helping ...
In the end i'm just so mad at myself I missed the 2 hours limit for refund ... Don't make the same mistake ! This game still needs a lot of work ... Wait for another 6 months or until it hits the bargain bin !..
 

Glaeken
334 products in account
5
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
210.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2020
This game scratches a lot of the old HMOM itch that has built up with the old flops. It's pretty standard as far as expectations being fulfilled. Nothing is "amazing" but it's entertaining and enjoyable.

A key frustration for me is once you progress into the "late" part of one of the maps, pretty much everything crashes the game. Recruit All? Crashes the game. Request a caravan? Crashes the game. And this isn't just some map you have 1-2 hours in, no no. If that were the case it'd be easy to just walk away from it. Instead this is a map you've got 7+ hrs in.

Unless you don't have a problem dealing with that level of frustration, don't get this.
 

SuperPetty
81 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2021
Game won't start. Keeps asking me for uplay. Devs won't fix the installation process by removing the Uplay requirement or updating it to use the new launcher. FIX THE GAME!
 
A developer has responded to this review

Sick Puppy
469 products in account
1
17 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
87.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2020
Not the best, Not the worst of heroes series, but its all we will ever have, f*ck Ubisoft
 

ArtanCalhoun
180 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2020
This game is Recommended for solo gameplay, not recommended for multiplayer.
 

pookeyman
55 products in account
3
94 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
This is a Random Map Generator review.

The ONLY reason I bought this game is because of RMG.
I don't care that it's not in game anymore and instead in map editor. It's something I can live with.

However RMG sucks balls and if you are like me and get this game only because of RMG, then you will be disappointed.
It has too few options and feels like it was put there just so people like us who want RMG will buy the game.

This is the first game I'm asking for a refund.
At least wait until (if) they fix it with a patch or expansion. It's not worth it at the moment.
 

BalkanBiker
659 products in account
3
51 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
55.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Edit
Right now it's a don't buy untill bugs are solved.
- Can't be played on windows 10 64bit. Interface lags.
- I myself am at human campaign lvl 4 where cities are present on both sides and halfway through a lot is laggy and loading takes extremely long or doesn't work at all.......
- so i can't continue the playing.

=====================
It's not worth the price. If it was 25-35,- price range it would be worth it. (probably 20-25,- when the novalty of release has worn off.)
All the visual elements don't come across Tripple A quality or pricing but more of an experienced indie dev. I'm reminded by the difference between Simcity and City Skyline but I'm not sure the gameplay advantage City Skyliners has is valid for this game. Add the major Lag bugs and you don’t see gameplay compensating for lower visuals.
(for a quick view of what gameplay they improved on look at the last paragraph)


Misleading
I find the ingame pictures on store page misleading. It feels like they added more saturation and bloom effect in photoshop. I'd suggest watching gameplay footage on youtube.


Aesthetics and Visual Design
There is no good overall aesthetic design. Even when the models have the detail they they don't come out that well in the game like it does with the previous HoMM 6. The game also uses many models of HoMM 6, not necessarily problem if the price was right and more was improved graphically.

Animation, special effects and audio is also of lower quality than HoMM 6. This all contributes to a lower ambiance than the players had of the previous title.

Interface feels outdated, some elements are good to decent and others are not and in some areas feel unfinished. There is also lag in the interface where it does not properly update elements fast enough.


Gameplay
All the previous elements contribute to the overall experience the gameplay gives, but looking at the gameplay alone I'm not sure of it yet. It feels like there is more diversity in heroes type, more construction options and there are more factions to play compared to Homm6. The skill system is new and the morality system is gone which is probably an improvement. From what I've played and seen I expect a bit slower pacing than HoMM 6, giving you a more wide world exploration experience like the old games. This I see as a positive. The garrison system I really like and is a very nice addition that prevents leaving everything unguarded. I also want to add the Governor system, it's a nice interesting innovation, although i'm not sure about certain bonuses are worth the skill investment.

But when compared to HoMM 5 or the ones before I don't think the gameplay is broader, probably smaller. The Game-editor might be one HoMM7 strenght which is pretty good from what I heard.



Bugs:
- Interface lag
- Long wait times for computer movement
- Multiplayer problems
- Combat bug where you can’t move forward and with wait or defend for bonus turn
- Windows 10 problems
- More

What I’d have liked:
Looking at it now, I wish they just expanded upon HoMM6 since the visuals are good there. Just upgrade that engine add 2-3 factions and put some gameplay changes they made in HoMM7 like:
- 1 extra resource
- slower pacing (more world exploration feel)
- Garrison system
- 2-3 factions added
- Unit/construction options
- More heroes class types. (liked the new skill system)
- Removal of morality
- Governor system (seems interesting and new innovation)
- A good editor
 

Talrosh
398 products in account
1
58 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2015
I really wanted to like this game, I don't mind the slow AI, Even tough its at the same quality of Heroes 2 or 3.. the clunky animations or re used models. animation and modelling cost a lot of money to do, and Im guessing the game did not have a high budget. or all the money went into making a map maker that can make random 3d maps. I remember when heroes VI came out and they said they couldn't make a 3d map maker, it would be to dificult and to expensive, turns out they where right on the expensive part, as the game is severly lacking.

AI could be patched later, but the fact that so many champaign games have gamebreaking bugs in them, at launch is rediculus. Those are mostly fixed now, but what really breakes it for me is the out of sync errors on multiplayer, even over a LAN network whitout simultainius turns and whitout spectateing combats I can never get a game to last longer then 2 weeks if im LUCKY.

I like the new flanking mechanics, but I dont like the change to warcries, or the fact that you can't make a custom hero anymore like you could in VI. That was cool.

its been a month, some of the gamebreaking single player bugs have been fixed, but there is still some memory leaking bugs and the out of syncadge making it unplayable.

Im severly disapointed whit the lack of contact they have had with the comunity so far and the sorry state the game came out in, and still is for many people.

I'll return in half a year or so to see if its finaly fixed. And maybe then it will be playable enough that i can see if it is at all balanced.
 

Ayra
312 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
138.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2018
Well I would recommend that game even though I've had a hard time going through it.First of all, I've been a HOMM fan since the 3rd one and I've played them all. 4th was terrible, 5th was good, 6 was alright and 7th, this one, is actually very good. They've managed to stay close to the 3rd but allowed for evolution and innovation. This game is great for multiplayer but you're gonna get your ass kicked big time in single player mode, the campaign is hard and I mean hard even with the "easy" setting...All in all, great game, beautiful game, hard game.
 

THEXOUS
204 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
I think no future game in this franchise will EVER get close to the level MMH V set in the past.

That being said, I can only add more negative points to my review, but there's no reason for me to do that.
The 7th game in the franchise didn't make me happy, mainly because it lacks the aura of an MMH game.
 

pan4o0
106 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2021
BUY V
 

hoha
177 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2015
Continuing a tradition of releasing a pile of bugs pretending it's a game as part of Heroes franchise.
 

mi
174 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
112.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2015
Worst entry to it's franchise by far. Will be the last title I bought and I have been a fan since the very first game. I endured HMMVI but Ubisoft did too good of a job in killing this franchise. Farewell from a really sad/disappointed/mad fan of Might & Magic.

PS: I did not bother writing any negative review for this in detail since you can pick any random one. They pretty much reflect what I think. Constructive criticism? Why? It's not that Ubisoft cares anyways.
 

r3KoR
86 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
547.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2017
Looks beautifull, some really good play improvement ideas (based and evolved from Heroes 3 and 5), but unbelivably buggy still after final update with AI below all standards. Only really enjoyable if you play multiplayer hot-seat unfortunately as AI is useless.
 

simunic
43 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I cannot recommend this game at all. Singleplayer campaign is completely broken. You cannot load saved games (game crashs every time), campaign scripts not loading (progress blocking), etc. pp.

Ubisoft (and steam) forums are full with threads about technical issues like game chrashs, game not starting at all, multiplayer not working, etc.

DO NOT BUY THIS GAME (and if you already bought it and you are below 2h playtime, REFUND GAME).
 

TormDM
198 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
50.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2019
I am very dissapointed in the quality of the game, I spent a bunch of time playing the campaign until I got midway where the game ran into a bug I could not overcome... Wasted a ton of time for now reason... Then, I tried playing the game with my friends who got the game too, and we played through multiplayer, the game kept on freezing on us when the computers were taking their turns, we tried loading from autosaves, but the results were all the same... This happend on 4 different occasions as we re-started the games because of that, and it happened completely randomly towards the midgame... I don't get how or why Ubisoft releases a game that is so bugged, it's a disgrace to the Heroes games legacy... Very dissapointed...
 

Girakul
114 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2020
I've been playing the HoMM series since the beginning and I honestly don't get the hate that some people have towards this game. I understand that at launch it was incredibly buggy, and there are still a few minor bugs now that I noticed, such as the sound not playing during a certain cutscene. But this game is good, old-fashioned HoMM fun. If you enjoy the other games of the series, I simply can't think of a reason you wouldn't enjoy this one. It's not the best game in the series, but it's certainly not bad. If you're thinking of buying this game because you think it looks fun . . . you're probably right. Pick it up on sale if you're unsure.
 

magicalpj
885 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2019
C'mon its HoMM for 15 bucks. Lets face it, if you give any of these "game" corporations full or even half price within the first year or two of release, they will let you down again. They do not care about the game or you. They only care about themselves and their bonuses this quarter. It can be difficult to delay the perceived instant gratification that a quality game can bring to us gamers, I get it, but I have found waiting to be way easier on my psytche than dealing with the drawn out stressful hassle that the industry now abides. My level of serenity is inversely proportionate to my level of expectations. peace out hooahs
 

tacotomthebomb
142 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
172.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2016
I waited long to get the game because of the negative reviews but finally decided to get it anyways because I was tired of replaying HoMM3.
1- Yes I got a few crashes here and there but nothing reloading an autosave couldn't fix.
2- Yes there are issues with getting HUGE random maps to work in game, they work fine if you choose a smaller map and the only huge map I did get working was too big and too long anyways (48 hours in and we hadn't met any CPUs or each other yet)
3- People complain about not having Inferno in the game, make it sound like there's no villain anymore but that's because Inferno were banished according to the story -> There's still random inferno Units here and there.
4- Also made it sound like there were only 3 factions left without inferno but there are 6.
5- Factions are really well balanced and have interesting differences that make them play differently rather than undead being the only one that plays differently.
6- I personally didn't like 5, I found that the map view was clogged with too much obstructions and you have to constantly move the camera to see where you're going; this made games a lot longer than they should be -> HoMM7 manages to make really nice maps while keeping the view unobstructed.
7- The random map generator kinda sucks but that's part of being random; you won't see really nice maps if all you play are random ones.
8- Another big complaint is the AI, I'll concede, no the AI isn't all that bright but the game is focused more on the classic gameplay of HoMM1, 2 and 3 where the greatest threat for a good part of the game is simply surviving and successfully defeating random mobs to level-up and grow your army... The AI had always been made kinda meh because it allows for assigning the CPU much more powerful heroes and armies right off the bat so they become a mountain you must climb instead of a constant race like any other Strategy game.


TL;DR
Overall I'm actually happy with this game, which is something I haven't said in many years when it comes to UBIsoft... Yes the game needs work, yes there's still a lot of improvements to be done but I feel that in as far as the direction they are taking for game design, it's a step in the right direction.
 

Kmeljora Sintaro
1,146 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2017
Dearest Ubisoft,

If you want this franchise to be a success, just remake Heroes III, nothing before or since has come close, you clearly have no idea what a Heroes game is anymore so I suggest you stop trying. With each new game things get worse and worse, what goes through you head when you greenlight this stuff?

Go home, havea good sleep, come back refreshed and try again.
 

Captain Cook
119 products in account
6
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2018
They seem to have fixed a few things, less bugs anyways.
 

Gojira
72 products in account
0
89 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
2 days since I bought the game and still I cannot even play it.

Ubisoft want us to spend our money on unfinished game
 

welfrid
141 products in account
2
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
105.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 8
It will always be "Heroes of Might and Magic" to me, but whatever you want to call it. Heroes 7 is still basically game we all know and love. There are new units and campaign missions, of course, and the graphics are better than ever. If you're a fan of the franchise, you won't be disappointed.
 

Uhtred
34 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
137.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2016
After waited half a year for the developer to fix up some bugs and improve AI, I am surprised to see a few of old ones persist; even from just 10 mins of starting a game... gameplay wises... it is all the same, only level cap is rised...

They are now doing things we suggested in shadow council, while they disapproved of our suggestion back then, with acticles like "we do our game our way" and "you will get what you are given to"... who are these VIP tester giving them the brillant sugestions and high hopes that they did a great job... Made a huge fancinating game into a endless bug generator... now they put effort into it....finally a ingame random map generator... but will it work properly? I have no doubt, it wont

... sad... oh well... back to study

Edited: New features (AI always wait, even ranaged units) you can easily knock down half of them before they attack,
AI still miss alot of resources,
opposing AI just move pass each other and aiming for the castle;
AI sending useless armies to attack you during week one (easily killed),
No specific built for contruction (ie secure the ore/wood mine first and aim to building a elite production on wk 1 and champion on wk 2)
Ai dont use buildings to increase movement/ adventure spells to reduce enermies/ enhance production
No specific "tactics" differentiate between class; also with "supporting/ development" with "offending" and "defendsive" Heroes,

Better put, AI dont know how to aim high and deliver the most plain, they don't have a global vision nor inter-team cooperation

I really dont understand how anyone with a decent brain can be beaten by AI even on Heroic level

Apart from weak AI, restristed and limited rpg~ Hero development, little events (boring weekly events or scripted buildings ie treasure dwellings [rewards/ challenges do not grow parallel to gametime]), overcomplicated and non-user friendly editor, you cannot easily incorporate something you need/ like (ie a well designed articfact/ creature/ faction/ spell/ hero/ portrait/ landscape object) into the main game.... whats left is hell alot of unfulfilled potentials and possiblities
 

skypot
32 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2018
If you are thinking whether this game is worth 40-50$ price tag, I can tell you with 100% certainty that it's definitely not worth it and, honestly, I don't even think it's worth 10$. Here is why...

The Good
There are basically two good things about this game: the soundtrack and the skill tree. While soundtrack is usually subjective and, whether you enjoy it, depends on your taste, In my opinion, it fits well with the game's atmosphere, is quite relaxing and enjoyable in general. Talking about the skill tree, even they reused most of the skills from the previous games, I like how they structured the tree and that they allow you to see what to expect later if you invest in a specific tree branch.

The Bad

Graphics
The graphics in this game are actually worse than they are in previous installment - Heroes 6. The graphics quality reminds me a lot of Heroes 5 which were released in 2006.

Loading time
Even on a pretty good computer with SSD drive, expect the initial loading time to take few minutes... At first you wait awhile to enter the main menu and then you have to wait again for the actual game to load from the save point. By the time it finishes loading everything, you might as well have forgotten about it and started doing something else.

Town Screens
Comparing just the graphics quality of Heroes 7 and Heroes 6, they can be considered almost identical. Now the representation, the actual look of the buildings, in my opinion, was better in 6. Heroes 7 town screens for me look like a mess and would be completely unusable without the shortcut buttons. I honestly wish, both 6 and 7, had town screens like they were in Heroes 5 - really beautiful and interactable 3D representation instead of just a simple static screen.

Bugs
"Heroes 6" was pretty much unplayable when it was just released. Constant crashing, AI controlled heroes getting stuck and other major issues. The Hungarian developer team did a terrible job, but eventually the game was picked up by another German team which fixed all the issues. However, looking at Heroes 7, the game wasn't so lucky - there are still some pretty severe bugs present in the game even at this point in time. For example, when using "implosion" spell in some specific types of terrain, it causes the units to go under the terrain and no longer be interactable. Both combat and hero AI is terrible as well - AI controlled heroes get stuck, units in combat can be easily exploited to make them just move back and forth without doing any damage.

The Ugly
AI
I played a scenario with the highest AI level ("heroic"?) and the highest level of difficulty (fastest neutral unit growth, lowest starting resources, etc). The map was split into 4 almost identical sections and there were 3 AI controlled factions (red, yellow and green) with identical AI level. The result was that the red started expanding quite fast and took over the yellow AI's cities at the start-to-mid game, but then instead of concentrating its units in one or two heroes, it starting multiplying to the point where it had around 20 heroes with just small armies or no units at all. While being quite annoying with huge number of heroes, it wasn't competitive at all. Battles were just boring. Finally, the green "heroic" AI just got stuck at the start of the game doing absolutely nothing.
Also, it's worth mentioning, that the neutral unit combat AI doesn't "shine" as well. In some specific combat layouts, you can easily exploit the AI to make it just keep going back and forth without attacking your units.

Summary
If you want to play a recent "Heroes of Might & Magic" game and have fun, try either version 6 or 5. Heroes 5 has a really nice community made AI enhancement patch and Heroes 6 has pretty competitive AI out of the box and also beautiful graphics if your pc is powerful enough. "Heroes 7" is not ready for "prime time" and never will be since official support ended a long time ago and I don't believe community can fix all the major issues the game still has.
 

hakimio
120 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2021
This is actually my first time in over a decade of being on Steam to leave a negative review on a game. Wow. I'm so beside myself right now, because I was actually really enjoying playing this game on a team with my boyfriend vs AIs. 5 hours into a game, coming into our grooves, really starting to feel ourselves and feeling incredibly invested, the game freezes on AI turn. After verifying cache integrity, upgrading drivers, turning all settings to minimum, and reloading about 9 different save spots, and ending up frozen on AI turn again after 1-7 turns every time, after searching through countless 6-year old forum posts for a fix that apparently doesn't exist, I'm just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mad. I feel like I have blue balls. Now I understand why everyone hates Ubisoft. ♥♥♥♥ the devs, seriously.
 

Callie Cake
156 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2015
This is the first time I write a negative review for any game, but since I'm a great fan of the HoMM series, I can't let it go.

First of all, the game was released far too early, riddled with gamebreaking bugs in both campaigns and multiplayer.
This is NOT acceptable, especially when asking 50 dollars for a rushed beta advertised as a "complete game".
After two months, the game is playable, at least in single-player, but it's still filled with bugs, even big ones. For example, my heroes tend to lose ALL THEIR SKILLS after a save/reload or when going from one map to another in the same campaign. This bug defies the very meaning of the game, which is to build and improve our hero(es) over time.

Apart from the bugs, the game itself feels bland and uninspired. My favorite heroes titles are II, III and V, and this chapter just doesn't feel the same. It looks more like a cheap copy of those great titles.
If you are new to series, I suggest you avoid this title. Here on Steam you can get Heroes V: Tribes of the East and Heroes III, which are still *amazing* games.

I've bought the game during Fall sales, and I'm still wondering if -35% was cheap enough for this title. You may want to wait for a bigger sale, because Heroes VII will probably leave you disappointed in many ways.
 

CrEScenT
130 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
101.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2015
Core gameplay is great, fan requested changes have been great.
They went back to a more H5 direction, and it works great.
Change to the Unreal engine was great.
Now Steam Workshop support is great...

But... so many bugs, so so many bugs.

Even just playing Multiplayer Hotseat, the bugs have been so numerous I've lost track.
I can only imagine what Online Multiplayer is like...
I'd say wait another month or so to buy it if you haven't yet.

Despite that though... I'm still going to give it a positive review, because bugs aside, it's a great installment in the series and it did many things right.

But seriously, fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs.
 

Artichoke Me Daddy
256 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
54.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2018
I've played the HOMM series since the second one, and to date 3 is still the best. HOMM 7 is fun, the graphics are a perfect balance between 3D quality and the game is still playable (HOMM 5 was unplayable for this very reason) The game mechanics are more well balanced than previous versions. The skill wheel is a natural advancement over previous versions.

The downsides. The pedia doesn't include any real game mechanics information about the troops or heroes. Instead it includeds flavor text, which is a nice addition, but doesn't work as a replacement.

The map editor. Where to begin? It's awful, and likely the reason there are only a dozen maps in the workshop for a game that's been out two years. It's massive and clunky and requires a level of technical knowledge that implies they're intentionally trying to keep people from using it. Why is it that with each iteration of the game, the map editor gets worse? Then there's the "cooked map" feature which keeps you from editing any published map. Not just maps that came with the game, but any map created by anyone else, even if you downloaded it and it has a simple error you want to correct, you can't.

There's a reoccuring theme here, I find myself constantly being unable to recommend games made by Ubi. They have great game ideas that have some awesome features, but have a few glaring flaws that ruin the entire experience.
 

Pulos
47 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
98.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2017
I usually am hesistant to write reviews but I wanted to spread some love for this game - I've been playing it for hours and still can't get enough of the Heroes-vibes it gives to me as a long year fan of the series.

There's been a lot said about this game and yes, there still are some bugs and some strange AI behaviour that can be annoying sometimes but I really enjoyed digging deep into all the factions' skill sets and specialities. In my opinion Might and Magic Heroes VII takes the best mechanics of the heroes games such as skill trees, artifact sets, building decisions, tactic phase at the beginning of combat and more.
I really like that the quick combat that can be played manually if the player is dissatisfied with the result and the magic skills and different factions seem very balanced to me.

I have some issues with the creature design - the creatures look amazing but to me they lacked some love in terms of sound design and abilities. You have to focus more on skilling your hero to come up with interesting strategies since the creatures are mostly just for the purpose of hitting and shooting, no specials.

The music is gorgeous - you just never get sick of it even after hours of playing, it's enchanting and catchy and makes you enjoy staying in town a little longer, even the enemy's turn is fun when you listen to the music. The soundscapes are beautiful and the interface sounds are great.

In total I really recommend the game to all people - be it fans of the Might and Magic series or not - it's a good addition to the series and a lot of fun!
 

Tilde
141 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2021
Online servers are no longer running. Do not buy if you want to use multiplayer.
 

ScaryNinja
109 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2020
I encountered a serious unfixed error after only a few hours of playing. From browsing online this is a well-known bug that the developers never patched.
 

Boodog
36 products in account
0
64 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
164.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2019
I love Heroes. That being said, Ubisoft is the worst gaming company there is. Been playing a saved game for weeks only to start the game and the save file be gone. Ubisoft's terrible system, uplay, went ahead and deleted it for me. contacted support and they said start a new game. So no, don't waste your money or your time buying this game or any other game that has the smallest thing to do with Ubisoft.
 

joerossbusiness
16 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2015
- Boring and messy quest design
- Crappy AI
- Lots of bugs and game killing memory leaks (I eventually couldn't continue playing since the game would eat all my 13-14 GB available memory and crash when I tried to load a game).
 

Jangles
345 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
111.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2016
Im seriously angry about the new manufacturing of Might Magic Heroes VII, Ubisoft dont work good about this game. Ubisoft use this famous name to do only ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, no bug fix, impossible to finish a game without 3-4 restart, game crash, and the game is totally unbalanced. Im seriously mad because i play this franchise since 1st heroes and now ubisoft dont finish fix bug and do one upgrade to sold more somthing and ♥♥♥♥ all the community of players. It's same with heroes 3 HD. Easy to change game into HD, but it's too hard to have good multiplayer plateform.

It's better to never buy this add on still the VII isnt fix.

 

[Real]2GreedY
124 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
398.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2017
I really tried to love this game but no, this game is just bad. I even enjoyed Heroes VI, but this... is the worst one.

Performance issues, abysmal system requirements, even Batman Arkham Knight with NVIDIA features on runs better than this piece of code.

Graphics are even worse than in Heroes VI, horrible animations, horrible sounds, copy/paste from other games, high price, dropped support, terrible campaigns, dumbest AI, this game simply has no style, it's like Frankenstein in M&M series in case of visuals. Really bad scaling of buildings, trees, creatures on adventure map, everything is just a mess.

No, I do not recommend this.
 

Баба Гануш
283 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
85.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2018
Im a Heroes Might and Magic Player since HOMM3. And i think, developers did not like the game, but i love. They created a game like HOMM, but the game does not fully reflect the spirit of the serie. There was fascinating things in old games of the serie; the sounds of skill and spell gains, a beautiful book which is includes your abilities, beautiful cities which is filled with light and mystical buildings, better gameplay and combat elements. IMO, (my ideas different than most of community) 6 was a good game for spells and skills and there was strong seasonings, like achievements, powerfull items, traits, ranks and story. 4 was a good game, soundtracks of the game was legendary, its map and ambiance was fantastic, there was some issiues about heroes (they was overpowered) but the game was incredibly enjoyable, 3 was a great game, there is nothing to say as negative but the game is very old, so it can take some elements from 4, 5, and 6 for future games normally. 5's stortelling wasgreat and its unit models was really beautiful, you can see the most beautiful archangel models of the serie in this sequel. I dont get the feeling which i like to get in this game, the wartable concept is too cold, dialogs not interesting, talents-skills-spells absolutely unbalanced, you can beat everything if you can conjure elementals, timed events not timed, things happening in wrong times and it can ruin your perfect game. The only good story was Wizardly Nights, so i dont recommend this game and i hope UBISOFT didnt decide to kill this franchise.
 

Enurale
151 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2018
I'm not big on strategy games, but this one has piqued my interest for a few weeks now.

PROS:
- Smooth controls
- Decent graphics
- Individual stories (4 per faction) are well-written
- Good voice acting (no clue why some people have complained about it)
- Easy-to-use town/character leveling systems
- Balanced AI (NOTE: many people have complained about unfair opponents, but it is a STRATEGY game, so naturally the computers will be impossible to defeat early on in the game. With proper resource management and leveling, any opponent can be taken down. Knowledge of each faction's strengths and weaknesses will help, which is why I consulted the wiki every now and then.)

CONS:
- The cutscenes' audio is a bit grainy
- The overarching story that connects all the individual tales could be better (it's literally just the council table telling stories to a conflicted character)
- Two bugs that I have personally encountered: unable to rebuild a defeated fort, and unable to recruit troops in a seized town (NOTE: These two bugs were very minor in my gameplay, and did not stop me from progressing the story. They also did not reappear in other chapters)

VERDICT:
It's an enjoyable game as long as you judge it for itself, not compare it to its predecessors (which is always the drawback with having a long game series). Yeah, there's a few minor problems, but honestly there's been bigger games with worse issues that didn't have half as much hate as M&MH7.
 

Kittehgummybuns
73 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
151.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2015
I'ts hard to like a game with so many bugs. I had to restart so many times I'm giving up.

I'm at map heaven mission map 3 and at around day 6 computer will never finish is turns. I did restart the map a few times . Was hoping for patch 1.6 to fix this kind of thing.

I just can't recommend a game that's has so many bugs and up to the point where you can't progress anymore.
 

Sharagar
56 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2020
If you enjoy the latest Might and Magic Heroes games, then go ahead and give this a try. If you prefer the old Heroes of Might and Magic 2 & 3 games, then don't bother with this one. It was difficult to get the game working too...
 

86mikekl
147 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2016
After playing M&M VII Haven campaign for a while I just lost interest. It is no surprise that the campaign was boring, as most of the campaigns from earlier M&M issues were boring too.

I noticed after a while that the AI is dumber than a bag of hammers and unless the campaign puts it on a rail it can't fight its way out of a paper bag. You might think that the auto-combat would be improved as it gives you the option to manually replay the results, but the trouble is you will always replay the results because the AI is killing your army when it manages the combat. So in the Campaign you'll have a boatload of little battles to fight manually.

The town display didn't work right at all at 1440P the improvements didn't show up half the time and the text references to them either weren't shown or way off the mark.

Town improvements are expanded, which you might think is nice, but since there's so many you have to carefully pick & choose otherwise you'll have incompatible creature variations & types from different towns, and thats if they are the same town type.

The Skill Wheel suffers from the same expandititis. An actual manual would've been useful since picking skills was like throwing darts. You just don't know how to value some of them.

Finally, possibly the most disappointing is the lackluster graphics. All the maps I played on were dull-looking, and have so much hill-climbing there should be a Mountain Goat skill. I just fired up HOMM5, a 10 year old game, and I liked the way it looked better than M&M VII. It could just be me/my system but M&M VII looks smeary/foggy/smokey onscreen.
 

eLBytes
92 products in account
4
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2020
I bought the game though Steam and Ubisoft Connect will not allow me to play ti because i dont own it.
 

Corrin Viao
22 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
234.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2020
Too many glitches, looking at other forums about the same issues, I'm surprised the game developer hasn't fixed them. I wouldn't buy anything from Ubisoft again, assuming they are still in business.
 

mharbes
24 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
91.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2018
I have been playing the franchise since HoM&M 2 .
Finished only the 3 and 5 , played a lot and been kicked my ass a lot in 2, played 4 just a little.
I pre-bought M&MH 6 , owing to the greatness of the 5th episode : DO NOT MAKE THAT MISTAKE!
This episode is better than the 6th in one aspect and one only : the system.
They re-introduced 4 different high-tier ores, which aren't jewels, crystals, sulfur and mercury, but that's not the point : there're 4 different high-tier ores, which is way cooler than then "dragon crystal" of 6.
The heroes talents is much better in this version too : much like HoM&M 5's skill wheel, without the randomness : much easier to optimise, i'm a bit sad about the fact that there is no random factor, but again, that's way better that 6's "Blood/Tears" dichotomy.
Now for the bad points, which are the same as in M&MH 6 :
- a town screen which is graphically a tiny bit better than HoM&M 4 : ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HoM&M 5's town screen were masterpieces! I spent time just looking at them!
- ONE cinematic, the one Ubisoft has been bragging about one youtube
- the story of 7 is telling tales between 6 and the final campaign of 7, AGAIN a prequel! Seriously...
 

andy_b_84
269 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2015
I have been faithful to M&M and HoM&M Legacy since their initial release. Then came HoM&M VI, and I felt both sad and betrayed. But I was sooo hopeful about HoM&M VII. In short, the game is OK, the story arc is good, but the skill system just plain sucks. If you are new to HoM&M, I suggest that you go to GoG and buy HoM&M III, IV and V. Don't waste your money on VI and VII. If you are a hardcore fan like myself, then you likely already purchased the game and are equally as disappointed as I am. Sigh, I guess I will just wait patiently for UBIsoft to stop ruining the HoM&M franchise.
 

Tysiltnor
253 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
72.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2020
After reading some of the reviews I was very hesitant to buying it, even if I'm absolute fan of the saga. I've finally decided to give it a try now that it is on sale and I've been very pleasantly surprised, it's a worthy successor of such a great game series.
It somehow brings back the old school experience with just the touch of changes and improvements in the interface, and graphics, of course. Creatures are finally cool and good looking, which is something that had me disappointed in the last versions with those humans looking like big footed cartoons.
I haven't played a lot yet, but I'm really enjoying it.
 

eloyalonso
63 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2018
Not playable online/with friends AT ALL.
Out of Sync Errors force you to reload way to often and when you fight a friend the fight freezes in Round 2.

Do NOT buy if you are looking forward to play Online with friends.
 

Nahraz
771 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2020
Don't buy it.

The mediocre game written by talentless people without any idea what is the fun in HoMM.

Proportions of the interface elements and main screen is strange and uncomfortable, camera is poor, meaningful elements (hero and mines etc) are indistinguishable from the landscape. The gaudy job created under lazy and tasteless management.
 

ariwch
564 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2020
Don't be me - don't buy this game.
I've spent the last 3 days trying to complete a single game online with a friend.
The game crashes, it freezes during turns, it freezes if you use auto-combat, the AI doesn't play their turns which causes...you guessed it the game to freeze.

I've had to reload this game about 10 times, and we just gave up. It doesn't work. It's not reliable to work.

The game might be good, might be balanced, might be fun - but I can't tell cause all it does is bug forcing us to reload and restart constantly.
 

Uberfrank
225 products in account
0
112 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
85.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
As for the game I think it is great I have been playing since the very first Heroes and I have liked all the new ones 4-7 I think they are great games and they make fun new improvements with each new rendition. Unlike other fanboys I think the changes are new and exciting additions.

With that said I can not recommend this game at the time. I think it might very well be the best game in the series yet but I have not been able to play for more than an hour with out the game freezeing. Ubisoft makes great games but they are a overall HORRIBLE company when it comes to releasing games. I can not remember a game they have released in th last 5 years that has not been filled with bugs. I would wait a month or two to buy this game because it most likely won't be playable till then.
 

SirHugs
46 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
52.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2021
In summary... it's bad.
At first glance, it looks good. Better graphics, zoom functions, varied storylines and mission types, scripted campaign maps... in theory, it should be a significant improvement over its predecessors and provide an improved experience to be proud of. I myself love a well-designed map and scripted campaign events.
Unfortunately, the actual result is a tangled, stressful, grope-around-clueless chore. It has its moments but most of the time, it's really not fun. Practically all of the maps are absolutely unforgiving; a single mistake, lose a single battle and it's game over. On top of that, most every map puts the player at severe disadvantage and requires a lot of micromanagement and patience to progress... again all while walking the 'must-never-make-a-mistake' tightrope.
Maybe it was supposed to make the game challenging? But what's the point of making it challenging if in the end it's not fun? On top of that, it really feels unrewarding. Time and again I painstakingly raised a hero or two only to have them directly become enemies in the next map and waste all my efforts.
But that's not even the worst part. The worst part is the puzzles. I remember spending several in-game months trying to solve one particularly annoying one where two different heroes on the same map had to step on specific platforms in the exactly correct order, or get reset. Considering it could take a couple days to get from platform to platform, plus there being roughly 16 platforms in all, and goodness-knows how many possible sequences, and vague clues that I hadn't even noticed until much later... frankly speaking, I don't want to waste so much of my time untangling a puzzle when I thought I bought a 4x strategy game. Were they trying to improve the RPG aspects of it? They should have expended the skills and levels rather than crack their brains making puzzles so we would crack ours.
Speaking of skills and levels, the same annoying level caps are still there, and at the end of the day, it all comes down to who has the bigger army that wins.
As for the storyline, most of them pretty much force you to do everything as they say, even if you think the current map's objectives are downright ridiculous. There's almost no actual choices in any of them, I've gone through most of them by now and there was only one storyline with any choices to make at all. I had been forced to play the supercidal maniac, accomplish objectives that directly brought my heroes to their demise or tragic outcomes, and repeatedly have to put up with an overgrown man-child supposedly destined to be emperor of a new empire repeatedly whine and whine between missions about what everybody keeps telling him he has to do.
For sanity's sake, Ivan, stop whining about wanting to go home and just go home already! Let everyone else run the war - literally any of them would be a better ruler than you, including the crow! All the preaching and coaxing might have made more sense if the central character was a child or even a teenager, but no, he's a middle-aged muscle-man with groomed facial hair and his wussing out all the time really feels SO wrong.

In conclusion, as much as I want to support it as a longtime fan of the series, there's just too much wrong in this one to give it approval. I still want to finish it, since I'd already come this far, but I've lost count of the times I wanted to yell at my screen since I started on it. I bought my copy at a huge discount but even so I feel like it wasn't worth buying. Even more, it wasn't worth all the stress, time and effort.
 

Xenokan
169 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2021
The Single Player aspects of this game are fine and quite enjoyable actually.
 

Cthulhu
1,182 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2018
Some bugs, but totally addictive. Many resemblances to HOMM3.
 

RemAliPasas
274 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2015
Despite the game receiving fairly average reviews, I picked this one up since I've gotten reasonable to good mileage out of all the HOMM games since HOMM II. It might have been the expectations I had for the game following HOMM VI, but I've been enjoying the game more than I thought I would. Overall I think it was a good purchase for me and would likely be enjoyable for most fans of the genre.

The good:
+ There is a compelling reason to explore and conquer again thanks to the area of control style of resource mine ownership and reasonable assortment of resources.
+ Heroes feel a bit more distinct now with the variation in available skill 'branches' based on faction and class.
+ Combat is enjoyable and most of the units seem to offer something useful in battle.
+ Missions seem quite varied compared to prior games, which keeps things interesting.

The meh:
* The mid-mission map changes are gimmicky.
* The hero stories are okay, but not particularly engrossing.

The ugly:
- The cutscenes at the council table come off cheap.
- Buggy release. Noting that most of the issues are now resolved.
 

The Burninator
1,359 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2016
Can't speak for the early problems but since my purchase on summer sale, I haven't had any of the past problems -crashes etc-.

However, the AI is pretty much non-existent. The game itself is ok, but scripted opponents basically kill the campaign. Story is passable, maps are good, game is stable but, and a big BUT, there is no AI. I have played HOMM6 for nearly 200 hours but campaign mod in this game is unbearable in this state. The AI will do what it is scripted to do and say if you defeated its few heroes wandering about, it will stay at its castle forever, waiting to be destroyed.

Sadly, I wouldn't recommend HOMM7 to anyone, even if it's on sale.
 

creiGn
610 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
130.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2017
Played many hours with my wife, but never finished a multiplayer game so far. WHY? because the game keeps crashing, either its out of sync or turn never ends when computer needs to move.
Its unplayable in multiplayer games.
This is how things will go.
1. Play for like 30 minutes
2. Games stops on computer turn.
3. Reload game from last savegame
4. Still freezes when you end turn.
5. Reload from 3-4 savegame ago
6. Yay it works and you can play for 10 minutes
7. Now it freezes again.
8. Reload from last savegame
9. Nope it dosnt work, so reload from 3-4 savegames ago
10. Yay works for 10 minutes.
11. Out of Sync error.
12. Reload from 3-4 savegames again.
13. This time wife cant join the game, everytime she tries to connect, she gets kicked off.
14. Only thing to do, copy my C:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Ubisoft Game Launcher\savegames\e42d34ad-b1f3-44b0-8de6-d96b28f43980\1177 folder to her folder so she can join my game again.

This ♥♥♥♥ repeats even if you try to play another map in multiplayer.

Basically, if you are a loner and wants to play by yourself, the game is okay. If you wants to play with friends, go buy another game instead of this piece of s...
 

Zeppã
90 products in account
1
39 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
i am personally sick and tired of these game makers that make there games and obviously don't play them or pay game testers to test them extensivly. it is unacceptable to sell me a game that is not complete, with incomplete campaigns, and any bugs at all. the frozen cut scenes look like they just didnt want to pay someone to animate them.

How dare you ask me to report bugs!!!!
I didnt pay you, so i can do work for you, for free!!!
I play these games to enjoy them not be pissed off, because i basicly bought a brick in a box!!!
You know what happens to the guy that sells the brick in the box? if he gets caught that is...

game creators / developers. If you dont love, have the passion, or the pride, or dont get payed enough to put out a close to perfect as possible product. Find a diffrent job losers. This is so unacceptable!!!!

i told myself it cant be as people are saying.....
If you are reading this.
Its worse then what people are saying!!!
last time i buy this crap!!!
play hom3 its the best out of them all.

Oh and for christs sakes. WTF is with the Uplay.
Listen idiots....
WE DONT NEED UPLAY
half the time it doesnt work
Just sell me the game give me the code and be done
dont you think things were much easier before uplay
stop wasting money on that crap and put it in the games...
Rant typing done.
MIDDLE FINGER FOR YOU!!!!!!
 

Tresixth
376 products in account
2
36 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1,019.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
very poor result. VII is the worst game in the serie. ignoring the bugs that make the game look unfinished, the story line is crap, the cinematic is ZERO, the game play is boring as hell. the game look like ubisoft had to send something fast on the market.
 

LallasRO
212 products in account
4
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
78.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2016
I've played every HOMM since HOMM2 and love the series. Sadly the last 2 releases by Ubisoft have me thinking I may be done with the series. I definitely won't be playing any Ubisoft games until I see good reviews first.

The game clearly needed more time and/or a better QA team.

There are a lot of bugs which would have been obvious with ANY level of QA. Just a few examples:
- Sometimes buildings which should be clickable just don't respond to your hero. For example a weekly "tax collector" says not visited but cannot be clicked. A fort you just captured sometimes cannot be rebuilt for you. In both cases, restarting the game from an autosave makes the buliding clickable on the same day.
- Sometimes your towns will flash that you have a caravan to unload for the rest of the game long after the caravan area was emptied.
- The game froze on me several times. Most were just at the end of a level. Thank God for autosave.
- After freezing, the game continually told me it couldn't authenticate my UPlay account and wouldn't start. The screen that said that had a support link which points to an dead webpage. Double-DRM is no fun, especially when it's not rock-solid. Why do you need to check DRM on a Steam version of a game anyway, especially when I'm going to play in 1-player mode?
- A few times I updgraded a stack where I only had enough money to upgrade some of the stack. Rather than just refuse to upgrade or just upgrade what I could afford, it upgraded what I could afford and the rest of the stack disappeared. I tried to upgrade 20 Cavalier and it turned into 2 Cuirassier and 18 poofed!

There are also a lot of issues which aren't bugs, but just show they didn't spend enough time with the game:
- The council room has "Cutscenes" which are really just camera pans of frozen 3d characters with voiceovers. That might have been expected in the early 90s, but doesn't make sense today. Hand-drawn stills with audio would be better than creepy frozen talking 3d models.
- Somehow the UI was better in HOMM 3 and 4 than 7. The UI should improve over previous games, not make things worse. The buttons to move all armies disappears when it can't move every stack, rather than just being smart enough to combine as many stacks as it can and leave the rest behind. It takes more clicks than it did 20 years ago to go from town to town and build and purchase units. The necromancy screen doesn't even have combine stack buttons. You have to drag your skeletons manually every time.
- The game needed a lot more performance tuning. My laptop can play Overwatch at moderate graphics settings without much problem, but it chugs on this game even after swapping to a low resolution and changing all graphics settings to lowest. The problem gets worse the longer the game is open, suggesting leaks. Even at high settings the graphics aren't good enough to explain why this game would push a computer so hard. Ironically HOMM has always been more of an "icon" based game and I would have been happier with worse graphics or psuedo-3d view like the older games than poor 3d graphics if it meant the game ran better.
- Some of the levels needed balancing. In past HOMM's, sometimes you would get slaughtered if you took too long to expand on a level or you pushed into the more difficult areas of a map too early. On several maps in this game I would get slaughtered even just a few weeks in the game, still in the general starting area of the map. Sometimes very high level enemy heroes with huge armies would come out of the fog and kill my low level hero fairly close to my first town. Because you could not have seen them coming, it seemed just luck that you and they didn't move close enough to each other than the other hero would "aggro" from the fog.
- Maybe it's just a limitation of using Ubisoft's DRM in conjunction with Steam's system, but the game runs a "first time installer" every time I run the game.

Personally I'd like to see Ubisoft give someone else a shot at this series. They've really tarnished it with the last 2 games. If they're going to keep it, I hope they don't make another one unless they're going to spend the time to make a game that runs well, doesn't have many bugs, and doesn't feel like I'm fighting the UI.
 

Tappin
92 products in account
2
48 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Product refunded

#REFUND and denounce UBISOFT!

* no working multiplayer (don't have the technology, back 2 90s)
* random crashes
* no animation on cutscenes
* foggy graphics
* less diversity in creature specials compared to MM6
* bugs, bugs and BUGS
* by proper software development standards, it reminds late alfa/mid-beta = NOT READY TO BE MARKETED AS 1.0
 

DDoS Black
308 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2020
Loved this one, but Steam should let me buy the Trial by Fire DLC apart.
I only bought the base game and now I can't buy the DLC, I'll have to buy the complete edition. :c
 

Wykz
85 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2021
Was released 6 years ago, you would think they would have sorted out bugs. Similarly, runs poorly on my computer that runs new, top of the line games fine.
 

Club Seal
271 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
230.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
This is an improvement by MMH6 standards.

Not by much.

MMH6 Scored a 2/10 (imo)

MMH7 Scores 2+1 = 3/10

This game is bad.

I know what you're thinking.. "I grew up on MMH series, how bad can this be?" Well I was one of those people.. I ignored the ratings and bought this game anyways.. I TRIED guys, I REALLY REALLY Tried to like this game.. I can't, I've failed...
 

Zionis
98 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
275.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
It might have been full of bugs and unplayable at release, but I waited like one year before I played it.
There were still bugs, but none of them game-breaking.
Heroes VII is my favourite part of the franchise right after Heroes IV (yes you read it right: IV NOT III!). Heroes IV was my first game of the series and i will always remember the beautiful music and the campaign about Elwin and Shaera. Heroes V was just insanely hard and unfair in my opinion and VI was alright, but nothing special.
However I had lot of fun with Heroes 7. It never gets old to learn all about your own units and also about the opponent's to be able to do the best in the battles.

For achievment hunters: Make sure that you start the game via the base game, even if you want to play the DLC Trial by Fire. If you start it via the Trial by fire-shortcut you will not get the achievements for this because they are implemented in the base game (basically that is why I am missing one achievement now...).
 

Gravitier
1,542 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2020
17 hours in the game and still no crashes, bugs or any other inconveniences. Ok, some will say "only 17 hours...", but I say this is a really great game with all that made the good old Heroes of Might and Magic so extraordinary over the decades, and I guess it will even get better with the storytelling progressing.
The graphics are quite beautiful, soundtrack is compelling, mission design is perfect, and what adds to the overall experience: we finally get comprehensive storytelling.
So this goes out for all the guys who still worship the great games from the last decades, trying to convince others all was better then. Yes, I had a great time playing HOMM III, and I missed some of what was good then in the following sequels of the franchise. And now most of what I missed is there, and more. Polished and shiny like never before. And guys, seriously, I cannot understand why so many of you are whining and complaining about this reboot. The magic is back, you just have to make it your own...
 

Fred Flint
97 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
272.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2018
Bought this game earlier in 2018.

Pros

- skill wheel design allows some good strategy
- graphics is quite good
- terrain have different heights - maps are beautiful/realstic
- most bugs have been patched, in some campaign AI heroes are very aggressive (making the early game challenging)
- some good soundtrack

Cons

- some minor bugs, I heard there is an fan-made unofficial patch available
- on the battlefield, the AI does not advance to the player correctly. If I put a fire wall over them, most of the time the AI units on fire purposely travel within the fire tiles (and die)
- some recycled units and music (such as Heroes VI battlefield)
 

maltz
145 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
564.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2015
***EDIT***
In the years since I still keep coming back to Heroes VII and it's always addicting. This has become my favorite Heroes game by far. The bugs I talked about below are all or mostly gone. Highly recommend this game.
***EDIT***

I really like this game despite some drawbacks. Since it came out I've put in a lot of hours and I'm mostly satisfied with it. They've fixed a lot of the bugs that made it originally unplayable with a large number of players. There's a lot more bugs to be fixed, but I'm really happy with the progress so far.

I'm a long time fan of Heroes, and I think this one has a lot of the best features from all the previous versions. This is the most similar to Heroes III and I love that. With all Heroes games, I wish there were more maps to play on, however. I normally wouldn't recommend Heroes to anyone because my friends don't like these kinds of games, but my family that's into it I have recommended it to and I know they'd enjoy it as much as I would.
 

Master Akashic
303 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
747.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2015
Heroes VII captures the essence of the older heroes games. It is a return to the Heroes past. It was nice not to have to deal with the horrible conflux issues that plagued Heroes VI.

However, in Heroes VII players once again had to battle with a mountain of bugs despite two Beta trials. Very disappointing. Unforseen compatibility issues are understandable, campaign breaking bugs and basic game play bugs are unacceptable. I for one an fed up with Ubisoft's habit of releasing games unfinished. With many of the bugs finally fixed with patch 1.4, the game is playable.

All the basic are there but the still screen movies are disappointing but not a major problem. The 6 scenarios were a welcome addition. The skill wheels are a great idea. The town portals are frustrating in that you can't choose which portal you wish to go to.

What is a serious problem is the severe lack of playable skirmish maps. Sure there is a map editor, but not every player has hours to spend on building playable maps. Most players do not want to spend more time making new maps than actually playing the game! New fans are unlikely to find the world builder useable. Sadly long term replayability of the game is just not there without spending more time making maps than playing the game. Fans were seriously short changed.

Having been an avid fan since H2, I love the game but I am disappointed with the typical Ubisoft short changing of their customers. However, the essence of previous Heroes games is there.
 

prophet1966
131 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2015
Thanks for the patch. The game now crashes every 10 minutes on a new high powered gaming computer!

I've been playing Heroes since the very first version and I have to say this is a total disaster in every way. If Ubisoft had any self respect they would offer everyone their money back!

I'll stick to Age of Wonders 3 until Ubisoft sells the franchise to a Company that can put out a quality product.

Thanks for nothing Ubisoft!

 

MJA
60 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2019
Bought the game a few weeks ago and after launching the game successfully once it no longer works. It keeps telling me uplay can not verify that I own the game and despite reaching out to ubisoft about this problem i received no response. So I would not recommend buying this game or any ubisoft game.
 

gagewuestenfeld
33 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2020
This game will force you to install (and reinstall) Uplay, it will not run without it. Even after this additional step I never got it to run. It is total garbage and a waste of money.
 

oskar
21 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2020
This feels equal parts nostalgic to Heroes 3 for me, and very new. I enjoy this game a great deal.
 

Tranzpyre
64 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2019
Crashing, Saving loop, stuck in combat, etc !!!!!!!!!!!
 

tangj2
97 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I feel like I am playing a completely unpolished game not to mention the graphics are horrible compared to the previous title Might & Magic Heroes VI of which the graphics engine was awesome (I feel like this is a prequel to Heroes VI its that bad).

I cant understand why they keep butchering this title when it could easily be an A grade game.

Graphics and sound effects / music are subpar not to mention the unthought out units compared to the old games in this series.

Very disapointed, dont waste you money on this one guys.
 

Archon
128 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
159.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Talk about disappointing, I play HoMM for the campaigns and I love the progressions. This game has none of that, you can choose any faction to start, and the heroes start on various levels. One hero starts at level 30 (possible that it's only for that scenario). I hate that you can't create or choose your own heroes to start the campaigns. You get stuck with whatever skills are already predetermined for the character. I don't play online so I can't add to that. I've actually liked all of the HoMM games, yea that's right. This is the first one that I don't like.
 

cardiak21
83 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
655.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2015
As a long time fan of HoMM, I have watched the game go through many changes. As the technology improves, the games also improve in many aspects but it still takes a good story teller and someone familiar with the "lore" or history of the game. The strategy RPG category of games has a huge competitive field and keeping fans becomes a challenge. When HoMM VI first came out it too was full of "bugs" but eventually they were fixed ( some never got fixed but that is another story). I am hopeful that the bugs in this latest install ment of HoMM will be fixed eventually also. For a first time player of HoMM, they may find the game a bit of a bore. This version is sadly lacking in the beautiful art work that I found in version VI. The art work here in VII looks like preliminary sketches.

Badly disappointed in this version but still hoping it will get better. Wait until next year to buy it.
 

unicorn
39 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I wanted to write a review in which i point out all that I find annoying in this game, but then I stumbled across this video that says exactly what I wanted to say. You should watch this before you buy, and it's too bad that I didn't... I wish I could refund it but I've played it for too long.


YouTube™ Video: ► WTF Is... - Might & Magic Heroes VII ? 
Views: 559,523
TotalBiscuit takes a look at the recently released turn-based strategy game from Limbic Entertainment. Review code was supplied by the developers free of charge.
- TotalBiscuit's video on that game.
 

Destructio23
136 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
123.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2020
Game is on average enjoyable, except when game-breaking bugs/AI settings completely mess with the flow. For better or worse, the game doesn't hold your hand. At times, you have to proceed to an arbitrary, unmarked point on the map to trigger an invisible flag that will alter the map or otherwise magically tilt some of the battles in your favor. The AI will constantly stack all their units into one general, leaving most of their heroes with a handful of units, if any at all, and creating one colossus that you just have to run away from and hope never catches up to you. There are also times the game will just crash for no reason, and you just have to hope there's a save far enough back that you can somehow undo whatever mysterious combination of events that coalesced to destroy your save file. This is an older game, and its already low price can typically be slashed further with sales. This is a good thing, because the aforementioned issues drop this game pretty far down the list of enjoyable titles.
 

Time for a Nap
73 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
365.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2021
It's actually the best game since HOMM3 but they never finished it.
The fact alone that you have to manually re-deploy your troops for each fight is enough to not recommend this game.
And there are lots of other bugs and things that are not working properly.
And then there's Ubicrap......
 

crayno
223 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
303.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
As you can see from the amount of time I have played this game (over 300 hours) I must like it.

I have played all of the Heroes games and have liked them all. Is it my favorite Heroes game. No. Is it enjoyable. Yes.

I don't expect as some reviewers do that this game should play like my favorite Heroes game. It has its pros and cons, just like any game. It has the strategy, rpg elements, and turn-based combat that is my favorite in the games I play.

Do I recommend it. Yes, if you like these elements in a game.

 

poimendlm
1,186 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2021
Don't EVER purchase a game from Ubisoft. They're the most miserable existence for a game company on this planet. What they do should be considered criminal. Don't expect to be able to play your game. Disgusting.
 

Vexus
55 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2016
This game is not done, super buggy and poorly optimized, and lacks in gameplay depth. Heroes 7 went backwards from Heroes 6
 

TwinKnives
357 products in account
5
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
65.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2018
Multiplayer is completely broken - if you want to play with friends, just get HoMM3 from GOG and go at it. It really is astounding just how many ways the multiplayer can break.
 

Nyefan
1,198 products in account
2
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2018
Multi-player doesn't work. You will continuously get "out of sync" errors, warfare units will disappear, whole armies will disappear, troop convoys will bug out giving you the wrong units, or it will just lock up forcing you to replay since the last save. If you reload your lucky if you get 2 turns done before having to reload and it just gets worse the more you try to continue. I can understand if the clients occasionally went out of sync but even the host has whole armies disappear.
 

Rillruin
53 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2019
The game is great solo and for LAN usage. Multiplayer over the internet fails most of the time if you manage to get the online game started at all. If by some miracle you do get the game started you'll either crash or the game will freeze for everyone involved so you need to ctrl + alt + del to close.

So in short, if you want to play solo go ahead and buy, if you want to play with your friends over the internet then don't buy, at least until it's fixed
 

Conzor
102 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
79.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2019
Although it is perhaps the weakest version of all HOMM games and there are a number of bugs that have remained unaddressed, the campaign and style of play is interesting enough.

Unfortunately, all games released after HOMM 3 failed to achieve success primarily due to nostalgia, intolerance and inflexibility of players. Everyone wanted a redesigned HOMM3, not a new game and different content.
And of course, not to forget UBISOFT's bad and hasty decisions

I grew up with this fantastic franchise.
I still hope Ubisoft (they fully deserve our rage) or some other developer will have mercy and create a new HOMM game for PC, not these ♥♥♥♥ online games or mobile games bla bla bla bla ... there are still a lot of loyal fans of this franchise.

This should not be the end of an era ...
 

PhoenixMK™
41 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2019
As a Fan starting from 95 I played Heroes 2 demo and soon got the Heroes 2 gold. and eventually moved on to Heroes 3 another gem.
Having played it a bit you can now play it offline with the uplay pc application.
It is a fantastic game with elements from all the prior games. And it has its own elements and units.
If you are or where a fan of this franchise now is the ideal time to pick this up.
If you are new and you like GOT the intro character is a Jon Snow look-alike with dire-wolf units.
This is a mix of LOTR and GOT and all Heroes of Might and Magic.

My only regret is that they did not bring back the amazing Sanctuary faction or the Inferno faction.
They could even add a middle-eastern lore faction with the manticores, efreet, bandits, nomads, Rocs, corsairs, swashbucklers, and maybe sandwurms(dune)?

All in all still a great job and I love the LandKnecht(aka Crusaders).

Give it a try the Uplay PC is a essential.
 

*PUNISHER*NL
67 products in account
2
10 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2020
Aside from being terrible compared to HoMM3, there are tremendous problems with the game crashing constantly, starting a multiplayer match, poor performance/load times on a high end machine, disconnecting from multiplayer matches, inability to launch a multiplayer game from an autosave file (hey thought we could deal with crashes and just resume from here, but nope...) etc.

Word of warning: don't click that map preview button in multiplayer setup/lobby, LOL.

Do not buy this game if multiplayer is what you are after. That's the only reason I bought it, and it's total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I heard the game didn't even launch with multiplayer functionality, much time later, still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.

I spent over 2 hours trying to get a match going with my brother and 'oops you have exceeded the 2 hour playtime return policy criteria' ♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ steam if they are gonna be like that.

I WANT MY MONEY BACK, but steam would rather lose a 14 year customer than refund my 14 dollars it seems.
 

Xeen
42 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
This will be my first review, but I have to warn the fans of HoM series. Do not buy this game, if you can help it. As a big fan of the series from HM 3 to HM 6 I was excited that the new HM game is coming. But I feel now that this is a big let down. Well lets just summarize it.

Pros
- nice 3D models and particle effects
- dungeon and sylvan factions are back in the game (not DLC this time)

Cons
- a lot of bugs/crashes, it crashes for me during the start
- mission objectives are randomly not working (preventing player from finishing the campaign mission)
- very cheap cinematic
- cheap sounds
- no feel of progression, you have all missions except one unlocked from the beginning
- no progression in the missions - you can build every building and unit from the beginning
- a lot of models are re-used from HM 6
- Uplay is forced upon player again
- AI is dumb during combats

There is nothing that previous titles in the series have not done better already. Also shortage of new, fresh good ideas and overall feeling of laziness stems from the game on every corner. Do your wallet a favour and stay away. If you still want to buy it wait for discount, this game is surely not worth 40 euro.
 

Phand
328 products in account
0
103 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
910.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
First, a little history lesson: There has never been a "perfect" version of Heroes upon release. This is a game that has always needed tweeks and adjustments for a time after release (via patches). Further, no version (save Heroes I) has been "great" until expansions were released. Heroes 3 was best upon release and best post expansion. For most of us who have played them all, H3 is the benchmark. As of the first day of release, H7 comes close and I'll elaborate as to why below.

Heroes has always been a mix of turn-based-strategy and RPG with a big dose of "discovery and conquest". Parts "Risk" and "Civilization", parts Chess and other such games, with decent stories, interesting Heroes, and a wide assortment of creatures to use in armies.

H7 is no exception. In fact, developers intended for this to have some of the best elements of the series throughout its history. While my final judgement will come after it is "Complete", I'd say this one is well on its way.

For players like myself, immersion is the key. Does it get me invested in the battles and the urgencies that come with a strategy/rpg? Am I excited about the discovery aspect? Are there surprises along the way? Is there a variety that keeps me interested and re-playing? Answer: YES.

Top that off with the best Map Editor (with a Random Map Generator) since H4 and its reasonable to conclude that this one has staying power. One of the best parts about the Heroes Community, is the fan made maps shared via sites like Celestial Heavens and Maps4Heroes. Keeps the game fresh and interesting. Developers boast too that the editor has a modding element that make the possibilities endless.

In my house, we're playing the Hot Seat all the time with some combination of my wife, my 7 yr old daughter, my 15 yr old son and myself with my 4 yr old son rooting us on.

I look forward to playing more. I look forward to expansions. In fact, I'd love to skip work right now to play.
 

brouillardd
35 products in account
7
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2015
I give this game 9 out of 10.

First off, I don't mind uPlay, it's required to launch the game and that's it, doesn't impact gameplay.
Second, even if the lauch had issues, devs quickly fixed the issues and more updates to come.
Third, it's the gameplay that mathers, GUI and little graphic artifacts are minor and can/will be fixed.

I have played Heroes III, IV, V, VI and VII and so far this game is up there in the best in the series. Ok so first release was not perfect, but patch 1.2 fixed a lot of bugs and I am very hopeful for the next couple of releases.

Campaign is actually pretty fun, every heroes had crappy campaigns and actully this one is one of the best. Yes cutscenes suck, but we don't really care, as long as story is good and gameplay is fun, which it is.

Gameplay is really great, it's on par and even better than Heroes V, magic wheel is good and you also have the choice to get the 4 random choices like older versions. So far played with 2 factions and have enjoyed them, can't way to try the other ones.

Town screen is great, simple and to the point, spells are great, a lot of variety there. Units variety is pretty good so far, haven't played every faction but enjoying the variety thus far.

I am actually playing with laptop (i7, integrated HD 4400 and SSD) and can play with medium graphics settings (1200 x 720). I am sure the game would perform a lot better with better GPU, but am still impressed with the result.

Things to improve:
-Graphics and design should be improved, it's ok, but could be a lot better, the only place where Heroes VI is better than VII is in graphics.
-Sounds and music should be improved, it's kind of generic, especially in battles.
-GUI is ok, could be better.

So far great game and will be enjoying next updates and hopefully new content!
 

Jic
27 products in account
0
146 people found this review helpful
71 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
154.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2015
This game is terrible. Notice that period? Yeah I mean "This game is terrible PERIOD"

In depth-analysis

This game is not a heroes of might and magic game. If not this one just takes the papers and everything "Heroes of might and magic" and wipes its ass with it because why the ♥♥♥♥ not? To be honest they did a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ terrible job with this, it's pretty bad if Heroes of might and magic 6 is better than this bug infested crazy piece of ♥♥♥♥. Let's see why.

Graphics:

Alright, alright I know "Graphics aren't everything!" But look at what I said back in the beginning paragraph below the starting sentence. "it's pretty bad if Heroes of might and magic 6 is better". This also includes; guess what? If you guessed graphics you are correct (why else would there be an answer other than the topic which is literally graphics). Now let's look at this. Oh god, I can't believe this. They reused the units textures and meshes from heroes of might and magic 6???? For what looks to be Haven and the Inferno? (I'll talk about inferno later) Oh and what's this? they don't look as detailed! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ all the creatures in the game aren't as detailed as the ones in the game "Heroes of might and magic 6" hell even the terrain in "Heroes of might magic 6" was better. The town screens were better in 6 and the building screen looks less like an orgy in 6. It's just the artists were lazy, otherwise they would have tried harder not to make the golems looks like the golden army in Hell Boy -.- ( I could explore more into this but I am to lazy look into other reviews)

Game-play:

Alright, I'll have to admit the game-play is rewarding BUT not FUN. I say rewarding is because you can try to manage to put up with impossible odds and feel this warm sensation of achievement. It's not fun because you'll be screaming at your screen telling the game to "♥♥♥♥ off" "You can suck ♥♥♥♥" "ETC": for deleting your spells, saves, your sanity, even your love and devotion for the series/franchise. But, the main game-play after you whip everyone's asses calms down to a slow and steady halt... BEFORE IT SAYS NOPE AND JUST RAMS AN ARMY THAT IS BIGGER THAN YOURS UP THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ASS ( This song EXACTLY displays what the game is saying to you:

YouTube™ Video: Tony Orr- Up the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ass 
Views: 2,565,938
This video got taken down from youtube so i put it back up again... THIS IS THE ORIGINAL VIDEO AND SONG.... THIS VIDEO IS COPYRIGHT
). Then there's the most horrible problem this game has. They have glitches. These glitches don't care; they will ram their ♥♥♥♥♥ so far down your throat you will cry and quit the game (Trust me I lost my sanity from this game.) These are so game breaking you can't even complete the whole ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign! An example of this was when I was playing my wizards all innocent only to go to the 3rd map to discover that yellow jerk-off yanky bastard of a mother ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sitting there on this one linear path that I NEED TO PASS. The glitches in a short sentence is: The glitches will ruin everything for you in the game. Now remember, that one sentence you love (I hope) "it's pretty bad if Heroes of might and magic 6 is better". In fact that game you could do the following: own dynasty equipment, convert towns and forts, play a game that is less bug ridden, have pets that do things for you, actually have story, but most important have good solid game-play not fantastic nor bad but solid. Actually incorporate a difficulty to the game than just spamming armies of the thousands. Here's the simple solution to fix the game-play problems... alright your ready? Are you sure? Okay, okay just stop screaming at me. Just play Fallout (any fallout).

Story and lore:

Okay, I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ but if you get rid of my demons I will flip the ♥♥♥♥ out with my ♥♥♥♥. I mean really? How hard did they have to masturbate to have the idea of getting rid of a core faction to the franchise??? (I told you I would talk about this but NOOO you didn't believe me. Right, back on topic.) and the story oh god, (also spoilers!) I can't complete the stupid academy campaign (Refer to the paragraph above) and I flat out abandoned it. I don't get the advisors though; in all of my 100+ hours of game-play I have only found ONE advisor incorporated to the escapades of a hero only to disappear the next map which is dungeon. Then there's the Academy where (So far) it's story is so tangled with all of these characters that are introduced out of nowhere you're lost (Well I lost interest in the second mission) like Masfar the old ♥♥♥♥ and then the gay lesbian duo in the first map to the good hearted prince who destroys his hard work in the end to kill some 500+ Shantri titans that appear out of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ nowhere then you have to travel into this portal to get this flower that somehow ends up in your possession even if the first map hero still has it only to follow a really narrow path, oh and that's as far as I got before that yellow yanky bastard got there. Then there's the Orc story which I could NOT give a single solid ♥♥♥♥ about but so far that's the story that I find has a good story in it (mind you I haven't finished Haven nor the Necropolis campaign.). Then there's the weak ass pansy elves who I couldn't give a flying ♥♥♥♥ even if you offered me a million dolla... okay maybe not then even if you offer me thousands I would not care and I wouldn't waste my life on that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ "Oh I'm a pirate and I am going to help these random ass elves that I JUST MET even if that means I will die to escape this job of being a ship captain which is much easier than helping a bunch of fools. Before being offered a choice in the end to become a captain or a tree hugging hippy." Need I explain more?

Lastly, Overall:

Over all I am so disappointed with this game I need to visit the old great games like heroes of might and magic 3 and 5 to try to regain and go back to my love for this franchise and to hopefully regain back my sanity from this egregious piece of ♥♥♥♥, bug ridden, fake heroes of might and magic game. So in the end I am giving it a 3/10 because it has some value and not a lot of value, I deducted points partly from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitches oh the horror, OH THE HORROR! Now a recap: the stories are ♥♥♥♥, the game-play is kind of ♥♥♥♥, the graphics are ♥♥♥♥, the inferno being removed is ♥♥♥♥ (Seriously I can't get over that), the building mechanics are ♥♥♥♥, the graphics are ♥♥♥♥, the Orcs are ♥♥♥♥, the elves are ♥♥♥♥, the academy is ♥♥♥♥ for being to overpowered, the elves are definitely ♥♥♥♥, Haven is meh, Necropolis is meh, the custom single player games are ♥♥♥♥, Uplay temporarily down is ♥♥♥♥, Uplay is ♥♥♥♥ for releasing so many buggy games lately, etc.

Individual scores
Story - 1/10 --- [See update below. Originally 3/10]
Game-play - 2/10
Graphics - 4/10 ( I mean they aren't that bad to me at least could have been better than heroes of might and magic 6)
Total: 2/10

Disclaimer - I am too lazy to correct grammar errors you have come across. Thank you for reading though :D

Update: Just played the Haven campaign don't know how I persuaded myself but I did, the campaign sucks so much! *BOOM* meaningless map with meaningless character once again! Magic Demon out nowhere (Incorporate my demons already! You already did so. Like shia labeouf said "Just do it!" [Told you I was not letting that go.]) Oh! Wait your dad's a bloodsmith? Don't care, and now he's facing the armada when they could've sent the strongest force to avoid loses, we're so edgy declaring war on the GRYPHON EMPIRE that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10X stronger than your weak ass force. What's the point of these stories if everything is hundreds of years in the past? Lastly, why? Just... why? Making herose worse are you serious? Changing the God-send ability of full range to just a measly 3+ damage to range damage just why? That's going to far with "Balancing issues" Your balancing has now completly destroyed the way the campaign plays. God, these people spent all of their funds on P0RN and not the game itself. Poor, poor developement.
 

Lord Andradus
232 products in account
19
56 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
Game is unstable and unplayable. Multiplayer not working. No fixes as of yet. No update on the patch promised last week. Low quality game. Over priced.
 

BLADE
294 products in account
5
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2021
The gameplay itself absolute 10/10, BUT the game crashes all the time in multiplayer, so have that in mind. My friend and I started a total of 17 sessions and managed to complete only 4 becouse the game will just crash, get stuck in loading loop or kick him(I was the host).
 

cnivarnica
114 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2020
I don't normally write reviews, but this is quite the exception. I've enjoyed HOMM since II, and this is technically no exception. When I could play it I had fun. Don't expect anything surprising with game mechanics or overall feel. But that's just it, I can't play the game. I'd find myself with game crashes repeatedly at different points on different campaigns. Usually on an opponents turn where I couldn't do anything about it. So I'd go to a different campaign and somewhere down the line I'd be enjoying myself and then have to stop. So feel free to pick it up if you usually play a mission or two and drop the game. But it's literally not able to be completed in it's current state.
 

Princeirmik
99 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Let me start by saying HoMM 3 was the first ever video game I have ever played, and it's why I love fantasy, turn-based strategy games to this day. Now with that said, I have played every game since 3 and have loved them all.

Now on to this game, I have encountered ZERO bugs in any shape or form, no lag, no freezing, nothing of that nature, though bare in mind I do NOT play multiplayer so I cannot say my experience would be as smooth on that front.
But I adore this game, I love the new units, and how smooth the graphics are, The stories all draw me in, and I'm extremely happy to see sylvan back!

Now, If I had to complain about something, The campaign cut scenes, the un-animated 3D models I find extremely unsettling, and am disappointed that they aren't animated. But, other than that, I have no complaints about the game.
 

kmanson93
142 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
60.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2018
Best installment since 5, or maybe even 3. Has everything you need for Hot Seat action, ability to force team mode on any map, integrated map generator, ability to change most settings in game. It's one of those where you don't have to faff around with level editors, 3rd party generators, level deisgn communities etc. thankfully this one has all the tools you need integrated! Like every HOMM should. Many resemblences to 3 (and 5) + allows for manual level ups from 6 which I really appreciate. Good graphics, has a lot of quality of life UI improvements you'd expect. Runs quite well, didn't experience any gitches or crashes on Intel + Nvidia rig. My partner and I are long standing HOMM fans from back in the day, and we both enjoy this installment the most on long, rainy autumn / winter weekends. I'd highly recommend it 8/10
 

Chris Rude
367 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
186.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2016
(This review only covers the single player campaign. I haven't played any skirmish maps or even multiplayer maps.)

Generally you will like this game if you like its predecessors. The main concepts stay the same with very little changes.
As I like these concepts and as I think everybody who's interested in this game knows them as well, I just point out what I didn't like about the game:

All in all it was a little too easy. While I have played most of the HoMM games and other TBS (e. g. Age of Wonders), I wouldn't claim myself to be an expert. I played on normal difficulty and just followed the general strategy of focussing on leveling up a single hero on each map fighting with him only, until the level cap is reached. Then I would level up the next hero. And before finishing a map, I always tried to visit every building that increases stats with each hero.
During all of the campaign, I had 2-3 tough battles. The rest was quite easy.

Somehow the battles got repetitive quickly. I don't know if there are more neutral enemy armies in this game than in its predecessors or if the tactial possibilities are more limited but I often had a couple of battles in a row that played completely the same. That most likely is connected to the game being too easy.

That may as well be connected to the spell "Summon Elementals" being too powerful. If you have this spell with a decent mage, you'll blast all enemy armies especially in the beginning of a map when they're still small.

The wizards campaign starts with a beautiful map with two memorable heroes. Unfortunatley the next two maps are played with different heroes that are only loosely conncted. While the stories where nice as well (Arabian Nights atmosphere) I would have liked it much better if you more or less played with the same heroes through the campaign.

When one of your buildings gets attacked with no hero defending it, you can't do a quick battle or surrender in the tactical combat map. You're forced to (auto)play the battle. That's unnerving when you'll loose the battle anyway.

I played through the campaign with version 1.6. While there were some minor bugs, there was only one really unnerving one: artefact exchang on heroes is totally bugged, making it impossible to distribute artefacts as you wish. You may even loose items permanently. That a bug like this slipped QA is pathetic. I more than once considered stopping and uninstalling the game because of this.

On my personal fun scale, I gave it a 7,5/10, so for me it wasn't as good as Age of Wonders III (8/10).
 

Morrandir
119 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
138.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2016
Such a horrible release for a good game.
Gameplay, graphics, musics are good, I think this takes you back to old HOMM games.
Multiplayer still not working propely, still getting stuck, especially when using siege weapons in combat. Otherwise MP seems to work. I really love the soundtrack and town screens are beautiful, but "cinematics" doesn't work with just still images...

7/10 For a long time HOMM-fan.
 

vmville
246 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2016
It can be quite glitchy, and I hate the forced Uplay.
I really love the old HoMM games, and though I enjoyed this one better than 4 and 6. It's still nowhere near as good as the originals. However, it is a guilty pleasure of mine. Though, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone not heavily invested in HoMM series.
 

Envy Abomination
267 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2017
Waited until I could get this one sale because of all the negative feedback id seen. Maybe because im playing it so late on after all the pathes but I'm really enjoying it!

Definetly not a classic and imo not as good as heroes 3 or heroes 5 but still very enjoyable.

PROS
+amazing sprite gfx and animations. most of the creatures look great
+some very cool units. not only do they look great but some are great fun to use e.g the Haven Legionaire (protects units around him) & the Swordmaster who has an awesome sweeping attack. There seems to be a new emphasis on units and battles and I like this about it.
+the music isnt up there with the best in the series but it is in keeping and i like it. some of the battle music is awesome
+leveling up - i actually really didnt like the skill wheel to start of with and wished it was more random. the more ive played the game the more its grown on me however. there are some nice skills in there e.g economy skill allows for two buildings to be built in a day!

CONS
-could be my grx card but there were accasional glitches with the floor shacking at start of battle. only minor gripe as it only happened a few times
-NO INFERNO i have always loved inferno. i didnt care how weak they were in H3 the units just look so cool. so not having them was a massive dissapointment for me.
-skills wheel - i also have this as a pro as i do quite like it. however i also feel they went into a little bit too much details with some skills being so situational and unnecesarily complicated. most examples of this are with the faction specific skills.
-an age old heroes problem imo but games can really start to drag on after a while. you will often find you've basically won but in order to do so you need to chase down dozens of weak heros and you cannot get around this or use 'quick combat' to kill them

 

MrMonkus
20 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 17, 2021
Heroes and the legacy of what it is... my facorite thing ever. I just wish it wouldn't crash as much as it does.
 

SluttyPoet
42 products in account
0
77 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
Spit in the face to all the M&M fans. Bring back 3DO
 

Deidan
783 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2019
The campaign is absolutely worthless but playing a regular skirmish either hotseat or singleplayer makes it the best homm game since 3. The multiplayer usually works but there are some bugs. If you dont want your whole campaign breaking, consider not playing necropolis because after a while it will break. And somehow I still recommend this game because it is a great time.
 

HuntingMcKnugget
335 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2019
New update as 7/2019. Game at least solo play -i dont play any other, is quite polished now. no glitches..i do have a older graphic card so...i hear it working i will need to buy a faster one. 10/10 : good story. enjoying every turn
 

Blackkitty01
115 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2018
Bought it despite of all the whining from negative reviews and found just another (good) game from HoMM series. Didn't find any bugs, Uplay didn't bother me and animations/graphics/voices/story/etc. seem just fine.
Although not innovative, it's not badly made either: HoMM VII is a good game for those who like the series or the genre.
 

dbvel
345 products in account
2
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2018
Product received for free

A good game ruined by Ubisoft and their bad netcode.
The core of this is incredibly fun and feels a lot like Heroes 3. However, the core of every Heroes of Might and magic game is the multiplayer and that one is completely broken and unplayable here. Constant, unavoidable Synchronization errors will leave you unable to fight AI or human players. This makes every match that goes on for more that ~2 hours a gamble of when will the errors pop up and ruin the entire game. And chances are, it will before you finish 99% of the time and your game is done then and there. You will not be able to complete it.
And I mean that genuinely. This is not an overexaggeration.

If you're REALLY into single player I guess this game will be fine for you. The gameplay and strategy mechanics are very good and on that end I believe the devs have done a great job.
 

Elana
321 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
177.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2015
I should start by saying that I own every game in this series and have logged more hours playing these games than any others. I am a very devoted fan. Scratch that. I was until this game. I spent hours on the inital install to get the damn thing to work. It finally did. Until the patch that is. Now it no longer launches at all despite the numerous hours I spent on various support sites following "fix" instructions. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!
 

shark_fin_soup
16 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2017
As someone who played every heroes game since heroes 1, I feel this game is very similar to Heroes 6, tbh, it actually pales in comparison. But compared to replaying heroes 6, getting this game is a slightly better alternative. Warning, it gets rather boring after a while. Battle is less polished than previous Heroes series. Customisation of heroes is limited. Creature special abilities are interesting but not as good as previous series(5,6). Recommend to buy this game on sale if you want to call yourself a true heroes fan. Still worth playing overall if you dont mind the bugs.
 

IpM
55 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2021
7 hours of MP game with friends and here are the kind of magic we encountered.

1. Dissapearing stacks of units. At one point we had a player losing every unit in two heroes and city slots. He was just moving from point A to point B. No idea why that kept happening.

2. Dissapearing spells from spell book.

3. Disconenctions out of lobby and out of ongoing game.

4. Game sometimes crashes from using Town Portal spell.

All of us have mid to good PCs. So this is the kind of game optimisation and developer love we're talking about.

I'm sad that i can't get a refund.
 

Jason Case
198 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game in good conscience.

The random map editor seems to be saving maps to the wrong directory by default. That is an easy fix, presumably, but it makes things just a tad bit more painful.

The hero creation seems to be confined to the map editor and I have not yet worked out a way to create my own hero for use across multiple maps - so far as I can work it out, it seems like the only way to play custom heroes is by editing them into individual maps. That's a pretty big pain and kind of a downer as I would much rather play my own custom than the premade heroes.

The campaign has a good story, but there are some flaws in the presentation. Namely that the opening "cinematics" aren't really animated. The council talks, there IS voice acting, but since nothing is animated you just end up with a camera panning around to look at still, unmoving faces.

On the second map of the Academy campaign, the enemy AI seeks refuge in a "shelter" of sorts and refuses to leave... leaving you unable to complete the map. You might be able to have one of your heroes make a B-line for the sanctuary and try to occupy it first, but I have not tested this. I have tried moving heroes away from the vicinity of the sancturary in order to lure out the enemy AI's hero, but that does not work. I even tried having my heroes garrison themselves in towns, but even that did not lure out the enemy AI. Thus, map 2 of the Academy campaign is not completed on my game.

Despite what some other users are saying, the game does run fine on my PC (windows 10) and has not crashed or had any sort of slow down. Uplay, while I don't particularly enjoy having to use it, also works fine. The game's graphics are nice, I like a lot of the animations for the spells and units, and the soundtrack is pretty nice so far.

I think that, overall, much effort was put into this game. If you take a moment to analyze the details, you can see that the team worked really hard on the game. I just don't believe that their hard work is finished yet. If the campaign is fixed (or that sanctuary shelter thing is removed), random maps generate in the right location, and you are able to actually make your hero in the game to play across multiple maps, then I would say that this game is much more in line with what I had hoped for. As it stands now, however, the inability to complete the Academy campaign, random map problems, and lack of my own hero are pretty disheartening.

Hopefully I am mistaken and there is a way to make your own hero, fix the location of random maps, etc.
 

ritualmage
65 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2021
Well, the best from series are obviously 3 and 5, but if you are into Might And Magic world this is what you will get for today. Not perfect, but for fans like me its always immersive world worth diving into.
 

Filip
122 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
135.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2016
Really fun game, back to the roots of 3/4 era in gameplay and storytelling.

In its initial state the game had major issues, its recieved numerous patches and is now as of 1.7 free of any major game breaking bugs.
 

122 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
78.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2021
I bought this game when it came out. I played a lot of it and on two seperate occasions I've tried to return to it only to find the Ubisoft Launcher says there's a problem authenticating it and I should contact their support. Except there's no associated topic and it's impossible to get support for it. Essentially the game is unplayable.
 

Kat
108 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 14
I bought several copies of this game to introduce my kids to HoMM after myself playing every HoMM from the original through HoMM 5. Unfortunately, years after the game was released, it is still incredibly buggy without being patched. No matter what I do, multiplayer loads do not work and I can see tons of references to the problem on the forums. For a product still being sold for $50 on Steam, that's completely inexcusable.
 

Shorn36
18 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
205.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
Crash Crash Crash
I love the game but it is taking 5-10 minutes to start up and load... then it crashes randomly .... so ya...
great game but crashes all the time.


EDIT

Now that the game is fixed.... I loved it!!
 
A developer has responded to this review

Epic Joe Smash
134 products in account
3
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2021
Product received for free

Brother gifted me the game so we could play online together.

Online is completely broken. Even following the help guide online, it refuses to allow us to connect to each others games. This belongs on the island of lost toys with the rest of the garbage Ubisoft peddles.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Brother Falcon
268 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
183.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2015
I've played only the patched game (1.2 and 1.2.1), and I have to say this is a very good game, much better than VI or IV. I have had one crash in 26 hours, something I experience with other games too (it's probably my weird setup with SSD raid, I sometimes crash just browsing the net).
Why didnt they wait a bit to release directly a good game at launch? The abysmal critics at launch almost made me pass this.
I can't really comment about global balance, I'm still playing the campaign, but so far I like the factions that I played.

I am very glad I ignored the bad reviews, this is going to last me a long time.

Edit (addition): patches are released on a frequent basis, and the game feels actually very stable. Balance is pretty good, although there are still two factions which I have not played.

What I like is that the spirit of the best HOMM games is back: the game is not linear. You have to plan each day of the week, assemble carefuly your teams, change hero depending on the next fight, etc.
My only disappointments so far are:
- the overabundance of artifacts in the campaigns. You end up trashing relics and sets.
- the skill wheel is very well designed, but your class limits a bit too much what is available to you.
 

choplun
31 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
88.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Edit : this review has been updated 1 year after the release.

Basic gameplay is still good, but the game is still unfinished and far from it. The random map generator sucks, it creates pretty uninteresting maps. Many sync issues here. Some spells are broken (firewall). Etc.

And so ? What did Ubi do ? They just stopped their contract with Limbic, therefore... no more update. Yeah, the game needs a lot of polish and balancing, and they did declare that they're definitely stopping the support for this game.

So, seriously, unless you're a HoMM maniac and need your new HoMM dose, you can safely avoid this HoMM 7 which could have been the second best in the series, but will remain a failure.
 

Valandryl
407 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
149.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2019
Single player campaign is fun and reminiscent of HoMM 3. Multiplayer, as a Ubi classic, is unplayable still (v2.2.1). If you're lucky enough to start a game with your friends online, and actually don't get any out-of-sync errors or similar crashes, be ready to commit for days because loading a multiplayer game seems to be a gamble.
 

JINBEY
131 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2016
Unplayable. I made the mistake of ignoring all the negative reviews thinking - how bad could it be... After less than an hour I have returned to Heroes VI.
 

jordan_et_jacinthe
18 products in account
0
75 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
This is trash. Worst heroes game so far. I can`t see any reason they made this game to be honest. Heroes 3 is better in all aspects. Major letdown..
 

pollz
94 products in account
5
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2015
I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hate you ubisoft
If any game devs read this please buy Heroes off Ubisoft. They are keeping the series like a dungeon gimp in the basement that they come down only to kick and beat once a year.
 

SakredFire
95 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2015
I think I should start with: I was all about HOM&M. Up to 5th part I couldn't wait for another one. Same with Might and Magic series. I have spent countless hours playing, trying different heroes configurations, chasing my own record in finishing objectives, clearing map or just having fun leveling. Despite of negative reviews I decided to try this game myself because... oh! come one! It can't be that bad!
Yes... It can and it is.
- Ubisoft wasn't even interesting in making good intro!
- briefing before campaigns is pathetic... I was always using it as part that puts me into mood, helps visualizing world around... This "something" that Ubisoft made was annoying from first 10 seconds!
- I have no problem with epilepsy by constant animations of vortex before every fight almost made me puke
- Hero leveling and skill system is... weird. Hero card looks like project dropped from developement
- You liked admiring details of units on the info screen? Now you can forget about it
- Hit boxes for all the resources and points of interests on map are way smaller then their graphic equivalent making kind of "stiff" to pick up
- game loves to freeze. It was so long since I have seen game crashing on my computer, forgot how annoying it was (3 years to be exact, some small problems with skyrim on a debut day)

+ more realistic textures, sharper, nicer, better done then in any part of the series
+ improved city UI

After trying this game I feel like STEAM should remove it from shop and refund people that bought it. Complete waste of money! Even at -50% this game is not worth it and from what I can feel Ubisoft felt the same way during developement.
DISGRACE!
 

Rebel Flame
529 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2017
I was gifted this game during Christmas.
Knew AI was terrible, but we had multiplayer in mind, so that didn't really bother us. However multiplayer and the game itself has fundamental issues I can not forgive after 16 months of release, therefore I DO NOT recommend this game.
Loading times. I did read it is annoying, but this goes well over the acceptable time. Generating a 128x128 map (2nd smallest) takes well over a minute. I have i7-5820K CPU @ 3.3 GHz
Interface. While I'm sure I could have gotten used to it after a lot of play time, but it is no way intuitive after playing heroes 3 for a long time.
- It was difficult to follow when it was my turn, as all the indication I had was suddenly my hero got centered
- Double clicking a town made my hero walk to it. This is something you can get used to I suppose but in heroes 3 doing that put you into the town management. Each town had tile (gate) where you could move your hero to.
- Other similar annoyances
Combat needing load time. I have 32GB ram, what exactly can't the game keep in memory?
During multiplayer out of 5 games we could only play once.
- One time one of us randomly won after 1st week.
- One time game crashed in map generation phase
- One time pressing turn made opposing player take my place, allowing him to move my heroes. I saw myself as blue, he saw himself as red. Same units.
- One time we both pressed turns. Game told each side the other is doing his turn. Game stuck.
 

Swal
568 products in account
3
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2021
Horribly written characters and an intrusive Ubisoft launcher that overlays the game screen and can't be removed. Absolutely shameful attention to detail from a AAA game developer
 

Minion of Sanchez
108 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2018
Product refunded

I really love SRPG but this time UBI ♥♥♥♥♥ IT UP.
- UPLAY, seriously. I feel sick.
- Zero optimisation. Graphics are nothing stunning but still have frames dropped.
- Meaningless plot, poor voice acting and silly dialouges
- Cripply yet rough system and UI.
- The combat system is ok but classes arn't balance at all. YOU WILL FEEL BETTER IF YOU SKIP ALL BATTLES.LOL
- Multiplayer almost impossible to finish a single game. "Unable to sync" and that's it.

This is by far the worst title in the franchise. Shouldn't waste anytime on it.
 

Elden Elf
289 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2019
Better than 6 worse than 5

The last part of Might and Magic Heores and it had to be like this..... As a huge fan of this series i was once more dissapointed (MMH VI shouldnt have been released) and then you got this.... Even if i enjoy this game its more like recycled MMH 6 with some more mechanics and some older features than a new product.

So pros and cons

Pros
-7 Diffrent factions to play with (5 missions each with the exception of 1 faction that has only 2 missions)
-Well detailed graphics
-Nice story line
-Good old HOMM style

Neutral
-You have to choose 1 between 2 diffrent "ultimate" creatures to produce each week
-you can finish the game with just doing the quest's of one faction and the Ivan's storyline (7 missions) roughly 5-7 hours
-2D view of city

Cons
-Completely remove of daemon faction (except 2-3 units that serve as resource guards-stand npcs)
-Repetitivity
-Few spells (all the combat spells are 49)
-Spell animation is almost non existing
-Glitches, best example is Academy campain mission 4 allied units teleport and block your way (you have to teleport cheat to win this)
-Achivement dosnt unlock in Ivan's campain
-Sometimes units cannot pass over the walls (even aerial units)
-No special attacks
-Heroes can summoned without having army (it getting fraustrating with enemy using multiple ghost heroes)
-Converting town's into your faction dosnt exist's



Beside fraustration in some points of game I really enjoy it, so my final conclusions is to buy it if its in sales ☺
I would rate it 7/10 because it could be much better if ubisoft did not care only for money...
 

Philipgreek (DEVESTATOR1GR1)
458 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2017
Unplayable unfortunately. I don't know what they've done, but graphics seem completely off. I can't properly distinguish objects while in exploration, nor units when in combat. A shame as it seems they went back to the roots.
I actually went back to play 6, which is so much better.

A bit of background:
I started playing the Heroes series with the first one, at a time when I had to go to an "internet cafe" in order to play, because I didn't own a PC. Played and loved it.
Played the second and loved it.
Played the third from highschool all the way through college even after the 4th appeared. I still remember the nights we spent playing hotseat. Played even the "In the Wake of Gods" mod
Played the 4th and loved it.
I think I played the 5th, I can't remember anything about it, so I guess it was average.
Played the 6th a bit and I found it not completely bad. I was in the beta, and preorderd it. Then somehow, Ubisoft managed to make it unplayable. Due to a conflict with an Nvidia driver it was unplayable for about half an year for me. Recently picked it up again, and it's playable apart from some performance issues. NOTE: I don't have any performance issues with more recent and more demanding games!
Played the 7th for 2 hours, and just couldn't bear more than that.

So at this point, I don't recommend this game to anyone. I picked it up on a big sale, so it's not much of a financial hit, but I was strongly considering a refund. The only reason I'm not asking for one, is out of love for the series, and it the hopes that people will look at this review and understand they need to stay away from it.
 

Dies Horribly
379 products in account
4
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
56.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
This game is exactly what they said it would be. We see references to the past games in the series primarily Heroes 2 and 3. The campaign is very solid creating a very vivid story line. As an advocate of the Heroes franchise I ask readers to bear in mind that most of the hate the game is recieving is from people with expectations beyond reality. Old school players are not ready to believe Heroes 3 wasn't perfect. This game still has some room to grow but here are my main highlights.

Pro
- engaging story line- reminicant of heroes 3
- interesting creature line up and hero skill tree
- see references to upcoming towns in campaign
- return to learned spells
- my game has not crashed
- No need to connect to a 3rd party server
- added resources
- multiplayer works fine has a couple bugs
Con
- minor bugs: such as symbols not being present.
- town building screens are a bit unimpressive
- 1st tier creature value seems dispaportionate to upper tier creatures
- music from previous heroes intermitantly would be nice to have
 

tttiger85
293 products in account
1
37 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
this is the first game I've refunded on steam. I've been a huge fan of MM games but this is just a disappointment. ubisoft really isn't trying anymore.
 

Zorbin
344 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2021
Better than 6 worse than 5 pretty good overall but u need to get used to it a bit
 

WhiskeyTurtle
137 products in account
0
160 people found this review helpful
373 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
79.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
So filled with bugs that my girlfriend has been standing on a chair screaming for the last five hours.
 

GladeFrede
257 products in account
6
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2021
"Out of Sync" problem not fixed by devs ... game got ditched by the makers as it appeared ...
 

VoodooLights
253 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
166.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2019
I like some of the changes to combat, such as flanking and how the skill trees seem more diverse, as different options are provided for each hero overall and how I want to develop the hero with their specific trees.

The game has crashed on me a few times and had stuttering framerates occasionally. I wish I had the option to convert towns of other races like I could in 6. I was hoping there might be more slots for stacks to compensate, but that's not the case.

I play the game on easy just to kind of roll through it, but it's fun, and I like how the story develops.
 

CaptainMcFly
245 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
68.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2016
It is my understanding that the game has suffered from a messy launch much like its two predecessors, but fortunately I have not been affected by this as I only started playing post patch 1.6 and I must say I'm very, very pleasantly surprised.
While I enjoyed Heroes VI as well, my favorites have always been III and V: TotE, and this game feels like a very healthy mix of those two with the beautiful (and further improved) visuals of VI while keeping most of the good that VI brought and leaving out the stuff that fans had a mixed reaction to.
I can wholeheartedly recommend the game in good faith to any and all fans of the HoMM franchise as well as anyone who enjoys strategy games and / or a great fantasy setting and lore.
The game has the potential to be one of, if not THE strongest instalment in the franchise if the future expansions can improve it as much as Tribes of the East did to Heroes V.
 

Rion
14 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
103.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2016
Ungodly amount of bugs. I've had to go back on saves for multiple ocassions to try and play the game different way to avoid bugs that prevent me from advancing, and some other gimmicks , like untradeable items can be traded between heroes but they turn into different item in the progress.

The AI is poorly scripted, I am surprised it does even know how to move, which is what it does most of the time, running around with heroes with zero armies, and clustering up in corners of the maps or some crossroads.

You can no longer convert towns to your factions, for example: If you capture a haven town when playing necropolis you cannot turn that haven town into necropolis town.

Recycles models and music from previous heroes game, tho some models do look a bit fresher because of the new engine.

I wanted to like this game. But it really ruins the mood when I spend +3 hours on a map and then I realize I cannot finish it because of a bug, and would have to replay it all over again.
 

Finlander
451 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2021
There's something wrong with Might and Magic Heroes VII.

It feels unfinished, missing the loving polish that Heroes VI had been given. It's a shame, there is something there, but perhaps it was rushed into existence, not yet ready to dazzle us like it's predecessors had.

I'm a lifelong fan of the series, since the days of 3DO, and I was so surprised by how much I loved the previous entry. Someday when I tire of VI, perhaps i'll give this another try, but I fear it will only age poorly.

I recommend you only purchase this if you are a dear fan of the series and want to donate some money to the developers, but do not expect to be enchanted as you have in the past.
 

eddie
169 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2017
This is actually a case where you really shouldn't judge the comments of others in the reviews. I mean, I was hesitant about buying this game, seeing the "mixed reviews" and all. In the end I am actually glad i went ahead and bought it. It's been lots of fun for me and I am looking forward to finish the game.

For this review, I am only focusing on the campaign.

I just love it over Might and Magic 6 and, I might dare say even 5, as not only it gives you several stories interconnected in an overarching narrative. but the context is just great. Duke Ivan is meditating a deal made by another duke and he summons forth a council of characters (including Anastasia from MM6) he asks for their opinion and each of the councilors proceeds to narrate a story that will enlighten him. There is something cheesey and charming about this. be it the back and forth banter between. It is a great oportunity for world building as well as having different settings for each of the tales.

The gameplay is an improvement from the previous games. While the inferno faction is absent here, the sylvans and academy make a return. The classes are still pretty fun to play and each come with their own particular passive (rather than actve ability) that adds a uniqueness to the faction. Necromancers still revive skeletons and banshees after every combat, making them "more sustainable". Elves do more damage the more they hit the same unit in a turn. Haven has this thing for leadership and high morale and so on.

Units are still the same, and in some cases, feels like a callback to previous games, and in a good way. They each have their strengths, weaknesses and upgrades. Each faction can has 2 champion units, one of which you will produce. While I love having dual units choices.

The heroes part is better than previous game. The game features a sort of dial system with about 10 different ability "trees" to select of, six of which can be raised up to "master" level and three of which can reach "perfect" level. Each of those brings in bonuses to certain occasions, such as making a certain spell more effective or allowing warfare units to attack more. Also I am glad they got rid of the pointless morality system of the previous game.

Bottomline. I am so far enjoying this game. It has brought hours of entertainment and look forward for finishing the game just to see how it wraps up
 

andres_chion
457 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
96.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2020
It is good for single player mode. Multi-player HAS SEVERAL ISSUES and, frequently, there is no way to finish a game, it loses the sync between the players and than cannot finish it (sometimes you can reload it and works, but not always). I COULD NOT FINISH ONE MULTIPLAYER GAME.
 

Raid
70 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2020
Bugs, bugs everywhere.
 

П'яточок
53 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 14
Requires an external installer and account with Ubisoft in order to play. This was not advertised, and made this purchase a waste.
 

luddite-email
66 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
282.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2018
You buy the game. you buy the bugs.
After 3 years since it on sales, it still has plenty of bugs.
 

chengongqpzm
15 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
79.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2020
I purchased this game not long after release.
5 years later, it still has most, if not all the same bugs it's had since then.
A joke is over rating this....
 

LeeBu
65 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
While this game isn't as crappy as the previous versions, it's still pretty bad. I got the feeling of playing a mobile game, if I compare it to H3 or any other strategy game. The game play is slow. For a person of normal mental capacity, it's unbearable to wait as much as you do between making moves, even if you put it on the highest speed. The AI is useless, they don't even pick up valuables on their piece of the map and they leave castles untouched, even if there's no defence.

I feel like they are targeting the wrong audience, this is not a mobile game.
 

Annie Lööf
228 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
98.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
Having played all the others in the series this just isn't what I was looking for.
The campaign is annoying. It isn't so much hard, it's just been obviously designed on one way of doing it, with no margin for ever. Your repeating levels until you have figured out exactly how the dev wanted it done down to the turn.
 

zheer
216 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
197.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2015
The game is unfinished. Even with 8 gb there's a point in hotseat game that is impossible to even load a game (it creashes due to ram usage). If it is able to load, it feels "bumpy", as the RAM usage is to the maximum the whole time. I upgraded from 4 gb to see if that was the problem, but it seems that resource optimization is still needed in this game. Selling this unfinished game seems a bit dishonest.

About the game dynamic, the little i have been able to seen, I like it. It is a pitty that they prefer to generate this bad first impression to gamers rather than waiting a couple of months to release the game
 

Hooke
71 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
142.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2016
Might & Magic Heroes VII is the newest installment in the Might and Magic franchise, this time returning to the roots of the franchise instead of trying to change it.

After a lot of patches, and many still remain announced (including free content packs), this game is quite enjoyable.

The singleplayer campaigns are quite fun, depending on how much you like a certain faction.

The skirmish is possibly the most fun aspect of the game for me, because you can pick exactly who and against whom you want to play, on which terms and where, giving you the most control over your experience, and you aren't limited as you would be in early campaign levels to certain units and buildings.

The multiplayer works now, it used to be quite buggy but it's actually enjoyable now. Because of the turn based nature of the game, matches with multiple players can take quite a long time, even if it is set on simultaneous turns. But that is to be expected from any turn based game.

It is fun if you're a fan of Might and Magic (but don't have extreme expectations), and I expect future expansions are going to make it a lot better.
 

Whitest Wolf #StandWithUkraine
1,326 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
133.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I have played heroes from the very beginning.
I read all the terrible reviews and still bought the game because I love the franchise but you cant even call this game early alpha.... First the fact that you can charge 50 dollars for a game that isn't even playable is ridiculous but then you throw out vague, "we'll try and make the game stop crashing in the next update" (which has been over a week) posts. You guys should really feel ashamed of what you've done to this franchise. This is the last heroes game I pay for and definitely the last ubisoft game I pay for. Thanks for ruining another franchise.
 

pennyvise
389 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
125.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2016
It would be an awesome game if they didnt mess it up. I bought this game 4 months ago. In this time they released couple fixes but it didnt help. Game is still unplayable on multiplayer. I didnt finish any single game on multiplayer because of out of sync bug. After some time battle freezes and i cant do anything. I cant even load a save because after out of sync all saves are broken and other players are kicked from lobby when they try to join.
 

Krzako
133 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
346.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2019
The 7th Heroes could be the best part if it weren't for the rеtаrdеd AI, who creates bullshіt even on the heroic level of difficulty, and some more bugs. Potential in this part was much more incorporated than in the previous parts, but it failed to realize correctly. And who exactly is to blame: developer with his lack of experience, the publisher with his greed - not to say exactly. Perhaps both. Anyway, it's still cool game especially with the Unofficial Community Patch (UCP).
8/10

YouTube™ Video: Might & Magic Heroes VII Complete Edition - Кампания Ивана Грифона: Рождён, чтобы стать легендой 2/2 
Views: 212
Власть несбывшегося (Сюжет+ключевые битвы)
 

Elapso
96 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
948.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2016
To clear somethings first, I've played HOMM VII only since the start of Patch 1.8 and have purchased this game at $29.99 and have loved every bit of it. Obviously my experience is vastly differnt from those who have played at launch day or a bit after lauch day.

This game is still addictive as the previous HOMM series and cannot wait unitl more content is implemented. Creature abilities could be more diverse and there were a few bugs and glitches there; nothing gamebreaking for me at least. I fully believe Ubisoft/Limbic are working on tweaking the game and fixing these minor issues. The visuals are nice touch and improvement over HOMM VI as well although alot of units have been reused from the previous game too.

Some of the main story missions were a bit bland (Dark Elves and Griffin) but I loved the scenario missions and The Lost Tales of Axeoth missions as well. I've stayed up some nights trying to figure out how many heroes in the scenario maps will come to a close; beats the voice-acting scripts by alot IMO and gives the player a backstory to some of the history of the characters in the game.

I'm not a diehard fan of HOMM III and V which seem to be the best in the series for alot of fans, but I also appreciate attempts to make the series unique (Flanking mechanics and skill wheel) You know you have been a supporter of a company when you've been by their side during their ups and downs. I truly believe this game will be more spectacular with their new add-on (Trials by Fire) coming soon but as of now, is still a solid turn-based strategy game that you should try.
 

paolo
26 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
59.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2016
Game is buggy, too few patches and instead of really giving the game what it needs Ubisoft and the developers Limbic Entertainment split ways and abandon the game. Way to scam money out of your buyers!
 

Jarquafelmu
232 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
187.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Well, first game I've ever pre-ordered. Pretty much confirmed to me pre-ordering is a huge gamble and should not be a thing.
 

Beowulf90
96 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2018
After playing HoMM3 and 5 and then the abhorrent 6th installment, I was hoping that Ubi will learn from the mistake that MM:H 6 was(okay, it was not that bad a game, but didn't reach near the standards that the previous games have established 7and just didn't feel good to play really) and that MM:H7 will be god. And the development looked promising, trying out a new perspective on some things(racial abilities, introduction of choke points, making the adventure map more interactive etc.), letting the comunity decice what the lineups should be(to an extent) etc. First played hotseat with my brother as we've always played Heroes together, was not amazed, nor disappointed. However there are still bugs present long after release, the multiplayer server disconnected me from both multiplayer games i've played so far after running pretty smoothly, but I still remained more or less positive. Then I started the campaign. Not that the mission design would be bad, what angered me was that you don't play one hero for each campaign, but for each mission. Not only that makes the story less impactful(didn't expect much from the story tbh, 5&6's stories were alright, even if not amazing, but their delivery was kinda bland) but takes the choice of shaping the hero to a certain playstyle. Forcibly giving you a hero with predetermined skills/perks each and every mission is just a wrong decision. I understand that it sort of teaches you new playstyles for each faction, but that's what custom scenarios were for. Overall the game is not bad, but if you want a good Heroes game, just pick up HoMMV:ToE or HoMMIII(which is included in the complete edition of 7, so you get at least one really good game here). Bought this on sale and reccomend you do so as well if you really want this game. Not worth 40 euro imo, not for a big publisher such as Ubisoft.
 

Rev
48 products in account
1
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
239.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2015
I cannot recommend this game right now, but everyone is still awaiting the first post-game release patch.

Okay, I've played through the first two Wolf campaigns, and part way through the third. I'll give a quick summation of my thoughts about the game. The game is a vast improvement on Beta 2, but still has a long way to go.

The AI still has issues (enemies running sideways or backwards for no apparent reason, for example), but I'm sure others are better able to discuss that.

I like the style of the new map (going over and down mountains, for example) and the new additions of seeing other characters get off boats and onto the map (start of second campaign), which gives the map a new and upgraded feel.

However, the colouring of the map is still too soft and needs to be saturated with colour, and the objects you can interact with need to stand out more in some way. Sometimes the Alt highlight is blue, sometimes white, but I do find myself having to use it a lot (unlike in previous Heroes games).

Likewise, the battle screens still need work with the graphics (for instance, casting fog on an enemy doesn't surround the enemy in a fog, so you have to right click on them to see if the spell is still working, or try to target them with a shooter). My other half played Heroes 6 while I played Heroes 7, and the general graphics in the battle screen leave a lot to be desired by comparison. I think it's to do with the softer colours, so nothing is particularly well defined, as per the map.

As for the castle map, ugh! It looks like someone stuck a cartoon painting in the middle of a 3D game, and just doesn't suit the style of the rest of the game. While the colours are brighter, the flatness of the castle screen detracts from the rest of game. It's like different artists worked on the game without a lead designer to ensure that there was a single look and feel to the entire game. It just feels wrong going from such clever 3D (map) to the flat 2D of the castle screen.

An additional reason why I have such issues with the castle screens is because we were not given what was promised. Take the Sylvan town screen, for example. We voted and chose this image for the screen on the first Sylvan vote: Tree Island[static14.cdn.ubi.com] - note its detail and feel of the image.

The second castle screen vote was for this image: Harmony in the Moonlight[static14.cdn.ubi.com] - again, note the detail and feel of this image.

I thusly expected an image of similar complexity, with a 3D-ish feel, but a night time version of the first image - expanded, of course, to fit all the buildings.

I feel that the final product - Final Sylvan Townscreen[ubistatic-a.akamaihd.net] - in no way represents the look and feel of what we voted for. Sure, it is a night time town screen with a tree on an island, but it is 'cartoony' in comparison to the original vote, and feels very flat and looks like a watercolour painting rather that something that fits into the rest of this game.

I do feel that Ubisoft falsely advertised Heroes VII, as the original images posted on the website all reflected the original look and feel (eg. Sylvan Faction[mmh7.ubi.com]), not what we got in the final product. There is also no word that these sorts of things will be fixed, or if they will be fixed at all. Very, very disappointing.

Similarly, the council table is also in need of work. The characters don't move at all, let alone have their mouths moving when they are meant to be talking to each other. Do they have telepathy? Why are they so frozen? It's super creepy, but it could be so cool. This is one of the first things a player sees, so it really reflects badly on the entire game as a result. This isn't the 1990s, where such things were impossible to do!

As for bugs... Just before the final battle for the first Haven campaign I upgraded 5 chaplains and joined them to a stack of 10 upgraded chaplains making a total of 15. When the other army attacked, I was back to the 5 chaplains and 10 upgraded chaplains, rather than 15 upgraded chaplains. This is certainly a bug that needs investigated.

The time between the end of the battle and the battle results window was getting longer and longer the more I played the game.

Also, the game crashed on me quite randomly on the third campaign, whilst on the map page. Because the game takes so long to load, I gave up playing for a while, and am currently playing Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance II on the PlayStation, and I have to admit I am enjoying that game much more. (Plus, it actually has animations and cut-scenes, which Heroes VII does not seem to have.)

Anyway, I really hope that these issues are corrected with a patch in the very near future. Currently, whilst far better than Beta 2, the game feels like Beta 3 instead of a final product. More work from the graphics designers is sorely needed to get the game together and working as it should. Right now, the game in no way reflects the advertising pictures throughout this site, which is highly disappointing.
 

kunoichi.au
41 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2019
hotseat makes this game so addictive
 

altanthony
92 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
126.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2015
Years later edit:
The bugs eventually caught up with me, and ultimately put me off playing through more than 1/2 of the story content. There's still a lot to enjoy here and if you've tapped the other HoMM games content out, give this a go (and always save before splitting stacks, the math goes wrong and units can vanish).

Oh, and don't forget to play Horn of The Abyss (a polished HoMM 3 community expansion).

Original review:
After a rocky launch, I feel comfortable now to recommend this title to fans of the HOMM franchise (since patch 1.2). Don't let the average positive review score scare you off, as it seems the majority of the issues are squashed.

I will hold my full review until I have spent more time with the game.

For now, I will say that is stable enough to trust and enjoy. Heroes VII has gotten away from negative changes to the forumula from VI, brought back older and better mechanics, while still adding enough for a fresh experience. There are some truely smart changes.

The unanimated cutscenes, while at face value seem unpolished and cheap, allow for longer and less rushed dialogue between main characters that would otherwise be too expensive to justify when fully animated. I think it's an interesting and fair trade off, one that I wouldnt mind seeing other games adopt.

Overall, the graphics are not to a modern standard. Chances are, as a HOMM fan, you are OK with this. There are some improvements over HOMM VI, but this can be almost impossible to distinguish most of the time. However, at times, there are some truely nice looking environments that will surprise you.

While too early to tell, this game is on track to being my second favourite HOMM game to date.

TL;DR, The game is now playable and worth your attention, don't wait for a sale.
 

Bilbo Laggins
621 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2015
I bought this game, thinking that Ubisoft had learned their mistakes. I was never so wrong. The game is full of bug's! Can't complete missions and during combat phases, the game slow's down, not to mention a couple crashes during gameplay.

Yes, the game looks great, but graphics aren't everything. I feel sad and depressed for buying this piece of ♥♥♥♥.
 

Okotami
541 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
125.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2018
I love the Heroes Franchise, but this game is a pile of trash. Nothing works as it should be, everything is cluncky, multiplayer is totaly broken with Out of Sync errors (even in LAN). Please Ubisoft get your !"#$% together and test the games before release.
 

blackdragonlc
71 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
hey folks, im a character and concept artist in the gameindustry myself and from my position and as heroes fan since the very first part my heart is bleeding................

i actualy dont even know why i even bought this... i mean i knew it before. well i gona make a short pro contra list.

PRO:

+ new heroes game. weh!

CONTRA:

- game start intro video looks super cheap
- 3d characters in game-campaign-intro video dont move while talking. rly super lazy. they dont even move lips.
- menu looks hasted and super bad like from a 15year old game.
- multiplayer is not working at all
- single player is working, but there are so many bugs that result in maps dont finish even if u do all quests and stuff...
- minor and greater bugs allover the place
- textures of the whole game look cheap and hasted (even on max max settings)
- hero skills development is super forced and doesnt offer anything interessting
-uplay plz die.

rly an allover poor job. published again way too early. if u are rly interessted in this: wait another year, or 2.
 

madshock
97 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
291.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2016
Despite all the negative reviews, I highly recommend this game for any long-time fans of the series. I won't deny there were a handful of bugs, but frankly, none of them were game-breaking (for me), and whenever I encountered one a quick reload of my last turn (autosave every turn), almost always fixed the bug.

The game itself was excellent, great visuals, the use of the 3D map was very well done. The storylines, for me personally, were engaging and entertaining, and the combat was well-balanced and very enjoyable the way the new systems worked.

I enjoyed the music, I enjoyed each campaign (passed each), and was overall very impressed with the changes to the way the town systems work, loved the way capturing a city would automatically grant you control of all mines and dwellings within its sphere of influence, and also really liked the way that hero skill points were distributed.

I dunno, for my money, this was more than worth it. Some are complaining about the lack of cinematics... who cares? I don't play games for those, I play for the gameplay, and in my opinion HoMM 7 was worth my money. Hoping they have an expansion or two planned!
 

Primington
81 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2016
I played Heroes 3, 4 (...), 5,6,7 and honestly I am not sure why I keep buying the game of this franchise. I think I just hope to have as fun as I did with some of the previous title. But the game is filled with so many bug.... Ubisoft you should just stop making HOMM if you can't invest enough money to create a game that has the minimum of bugs....

If there were not so many bugs I believe I could go over any other sort of issue I have with this game like the lack of map, the poor design for evolved creature and obviously your expansion at 40$.

I hope I will see this evaluation in the future as a reminder to not buy Heroes 8...



 

CanP
266 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
It's U-play and U-play sux. I re-installed the game to see if they had fixed it. Nope!. Uninstalling for good.
 

Mailman 563
204 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Product refunded

The game is just not ready yet. Try again in 6 month or so.
 

lorin
299 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
67.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2020
The game uses ubisoft launcher and sometimes it'll fail to load the game because it thinks that the game is an inauthentic copy. Ubisoft is butt.
 

Limit Experience
90 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2020
Initially was a "meh" game, but going into it, I think is the most under-appreciated game in Heroes series. Even more than 4. HOMM7 was buggy at launch, but bugs were fixed
 

Ciprian Khlud
76 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
13.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 8, 2019
I guess I am no longer the boy that has plenty of time diving into every little detail of Heroes. But I know I love it deep down in my heart, it carries so many weights. I hope one day there will be the next Heroes coming out.
 

Seraph-hunter
121 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2021
I regret the purchase, on easy mode it was like playing a game of chess where your opponent,
instead of starting out with 8 pawns, starts out with 8 queens, you are never going to win that
game. The playing field is so badly skewed that your feet could never gain purchase but instead
you would fall quickly into the abyss of frustration which they've prepared for you. It does not
do justice to the heroes of might and magic series, serious game mechanics were lost in the
translation, avoid or you will lose not only the game but your hard earned cash.
 

Bloodrake
16 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2017
This game is still so buggy. Besides all of the other complaints in other reviews, the fact that you can screw up a whole mission if you don't follow the quests in the exact order (They give you 4 at once and one of them is simply making a character a governor in a city, but if you explore first before taking that character back, the whole map is bugged and you have to restart) you bug the whole map. The fact that this bug is still present so late in release shows that Ubisoft gives 0 f***s about their players.
 

RSMRomeoPA
408 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
179.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2017
Bugs, crashes no animated cutscenes :D, and Heroes VI kinda looked better. Oh and btw this game melted my graphics card so I'd assume it is very poorly optimized.
 

Garrul Estandarte Calavera
198 products in account
5
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
85.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2015
The game is good now to play. Been playing campaign so far and no bugs yet. Luckily bought it during discount prices.
 

poporing2
473 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
147.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2016
Aside from the cutscene animations and messy bugs it is heroes and it is pretty good.

- heroes skill wheel is very uniqe and good
- graphics are really good
- campaign is good and very long
- 2 different champion options

If you liked heroes 6 you will like this one too and most of the bugs are cleared.
 

aykutkekec
368 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
154.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2015
long time homam fan (played all of them), just finished Haven campaign, didnt play multiplayer yet...

I enjoyed the Haven campaign, didnt encounter any game breaking bugs (quest bugs not allowing to proceed) or crashes but at the moment i cant recommend the game (v1.6)...AI is terrible, the game has several small bugs (artifacts not working properly, building activated abilities not working etc). In general the game feels unfinished and rushed (gj UBI)

Hopefully the future patches will help and i will update the review
 

Rooty
97 products in account
1
26 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
487.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2015
I hate that so many people have problems with this game. I have had only minor issues and with the patches most of them are corrected. I have over 100 hours playing hotseat and campaigns and patch 1.5 is close. I love the work this dev team has into fixing the problems that some people have. I think this will be my fav Heroes since 3 or 5.....
 

Chazztizer
174 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
328.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2016
Ubisoft made several steps in the right direction with HOMM7.
I like the new skill wheel. The availability of each skill slice being only available to certain types of heroes adds a bit more uniqueness than the the skill tree of HOMM6. They are still not super diversified, but enough to give the heros a different flavor. I felt alot of the HOMM6 heroes were carbon copies of each other.
The castles and their units are a bit modified as well, though certain staples remain.
I thought I would find the built-in 'tactics' phase at the beginning of every combat annoying but I kind of like it now.
I am enjoying the gameplay (almost done playing through the campaigns at the time I type this), the graphics, the music and basically the whole package.

I have been a loyal fan of the HOMM series, since HOMM2, and so far this is one of my favorites! I remember really enjoying 3,5 and now 7. Maybe odd-numbered expansions are the good ones. :'D

 

choyb0t
114 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2015
Well, the skills finally carry over from one chapter to the next so the single player portion of the game is finally playable for me and the new patch seems to have polished up some really bad cosmetic bugs (neutral dwellings would say they were owned by "mName" or something like that).

Bugs aside, I think the game certainly falls short of what it could have been in regards to adding anything new to the franchise. I've been playing Heroes since the very first one and have played every version except for 6 and this game definitely has the feel of Heroes 5. But it also doesn't have much else except superior visuals.

I'm going to recommend the game as of today because it is finally playable for me. I would not have recommended the game before this latest patch, however, so the game deserves the terrible reviews it has received.
 

giggityiggity
779 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2019
This game requires you to run the ubisoft store to run it so its a pain to launch. It runs terribly. The user interface is quite counterintuitive. The artwork is best described as lazy. The game uses denovo drm so good luck actually finishing a multiplayer game is you ever decide to play one, which the minute Ubisoft takes down the servers you won't be doing anyway. Overall this game is best described as and objective and subjective downgrade from heroes 5 with no apparent time or care put into development.
If ubisoft would please go bankrupt and give this ip to someone who actually cares about the might and magic franchise that'd be great. Also please stop damaging said ip.
 

Bob
351 products in account
1
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
560.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2015
Having played since HOMM1, I have high expectations. They are not met.

Don't misunderstand me, the game isn't that bad, but it's not that good either.
First of all, this is not Heroes of Might & Magic. It is Heroes of MIGHT & magic. Magic is not very useful, except at the game beginning where it decides the battle. Once you reach mid-game, your best spells are these that alter inititiave or movement, the spell that conjures elemental and a few troop enhancing spells. Anything else is mostly useless. And unlike other editions (I did not play 6 however), I have never been mana starved.

Combat is too deadly, and hardly lasts more than 3 rounds. Usually, it is over at the end of the first or somewhere during the second round. This explains in part why magic is no that important: you cast one, at most two spells in one combat!

The game is unstable and may crash. I have identified an artifact that causes the game to crash as soon as I enter combat. Too bad, it was a good one! Since you have autosave at the end of every turn, you can live with such bugs.

Much can also be said about heroes skills. Some are very poor, such as the exploration tree (1 skill point for 1 movement point is a poor trade off!), and some are just too good to pass over (the parangon tree if you get it.) Since you have only 30 levels, you will very often end up with the same skills. Too bad.

I've yet to finish the campaign. It was not too bad, until I got stuck in the land of dreams (mage campaign); I'm possibly too dumb, but moving around doesn't open the next passage at some point. So that finishes this campaign. But it looks like a bug. (Edit: I restarted from before entering the land of dreams and it did work.)

Also, I'm still missing Heroes 3 graphics. They were clear and looked like fairy land. These graphics are 3D (yeah, that's trendy!), but the game doesn't need that and it tends to obscure places in the land; you don't know if you can pass through or if there is a treasure etc... until you try. And in many cases, you have a hard time distinguishing a pile of material or an important land marker from the surroundings.

Overall the game is not unpleasant.
It's just not great, with many little things that should have been seen and corrected.

Edit: One more reason to be warry; today, I discovered that my most recent saves are bugged, and loading the last uncorrupted one makes me lose 2h of game. Or so I thought. This happened again after this, so I'll have to end the campaign crippled or run around the map losing time to recover my spells. Amusingly, my skills are scrambled too: some are lost... nothing to do about that! This latest discovery doesn't plead in favor of the game!

Edit2: This last bug is getting more and more ennoying and it cripples about one game out of three. I'd recommend not to buy the game as long as it is not solved: regularly having to reload old saves, having to make check points (which you load to know if the save is correct) is just plain unacceptable and removes much of the game fun. Many other less apparent bugs spoil the game; for example, I noticed that mage's towers don't shoot when sieged; necromancers get so many skelettons from the middle of the game that it looks like a bug; I could name others... Clearly, even though the game will let you get some good time if you like the genre, the editor definitely doesn't respect the customer. And aout the editor, I did not mention that you will have Uplay running in the background, and unlike Steam, it is a pile of s..t; it may send you pop ups every thirty seconds should you lose your internet connection, and it may even crash your game...
 

yvesp
120 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 30
As much as I love the game, I could not recommend it to anyone. My boyfriend purchased this game for us both to play and we cannot play it together. The graphic are outstanding and the battle play is exactly how I like it, the game is fantastic, but the multiplayer is broken. We are constantly having to reset the game because it freezes often, every 10-15 turns or sometimes even less we have to back out and reset because it freezes between turns. We CANNOT play a smooth game and it is frustrating. I do not know how single player is, but if you are getting this as a multiplayer game I would not recommend playing this. We have downloaded software's trying to fix the problem and nothing seems to help.
 

DaGurlz
88 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
169.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2016
I got this game in August of 2016 so I may have missed what I believe was a maelstrom of bugs at the initial launch; but I've had no problems with the game.
The game itself is Heroes of Might and Magic; and if you like previous games in the series you should have find yourself happily at home here. My favourite additions here over HOMM6 are the way heroes level up, prepresented by a "Skill wheel", which allows heroes to only specialist in certain areas, and again only some of these to "Master" level. This creates unique feeling heroes; with only some being able to truly master fire magic for example, or ballistics.
The wife and I have already had an enjoyable 60 hours+ on the hotseat mode, though sadly I can't say anythging for the campaign mode; as I don't play it!
 

Tedworld
301 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2021
Stupid amount of bugs and serious lack of care for updates and player base
 

Kamilian
197 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
99.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2021
Well I must say It's better than Heroes VI.
 

WuhanFriedBats
76 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
I noticed there was quite a few negative reviews so I felt compelled to write a review based off of my experience to provide a different perspective.

Pros
+Units and spell animations are beautifull, by far my favorite of the franchise (wait until you get the spell tsunami)
+Campaign so far has been great as far as pacing, you don't have to follow a specific path to win like in some of the others iterations of the franchise. I am on mission four or five of Wizard so it may be different for the other campaigns.
+Caravans and reinforcement spell! You rarely have to backtrack because you can now summon or caravan new units in pretty efficiently.
+Heroes are ridiculously powerfull, you can easily win battles that are not in your favor numbers wise with some tier 4 spells(I can see how that can be a negative for certain players though)
+ Maps take a lot less time to complete in comparison to Heroes 6 which I find a major plus due to the fact that I would get bored or have to stop and pick it up later half way through most of the really long maps on Heroes 6.

Negatives
- Story is weak(at least for wizard campaign). I dont really care for the protagonist mostly because there is very little dialogue.
- Clipscenes are still images with voices narrating the scene with the camera zooming in on the person "talking". Not sure if this was a poor design choice or laziness I am leaning towards the latter.
- Two of the wizards missions gave off a side quest feeling that did not offer anything to progress the main story line. I hope I don't run into many more of these.


BUGS: The only bug I have run into with this game is a unit died on the final battle of the map and it wouldn't proceed to the next turn so I had to reload the fight. Also some of the spells you can use outside combat would occasionally not activate so you have to cast them again (pain in the ass for town recall). I am currently using an i7 12 Gig ram and a 670 nvidia graphics card.

Overally I would definitely recommend this game to those who enjoy the Heroes franchise, they barely changed the forumula but really took a lot of the best aspects of the Heroes series and put them into one game. If the story picks up I can say this may be one of my favorites.
 

Fettuccine al la Pee Pee
150 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
51.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2016
As a longtime fan of the series, I excitedly preordered this game because I wanted to enjoy the closed beta.
The closed beta was barely playable and not at all enjoyable, so I put this title back in the oven and waited for release.
When release happened, I discovered that this game was a step backwards from its predecessor in every way-- terrible AI, a dumb campaign, and hardly any skirmish maps.
If this game somehow evolves into something other than garbage, I will update this review. As of now, do not buy this at any price as it is a broken waste of disk space.
 

SC.Vith
253 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
107.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2021
Quite buggy.
 

Maglok
519 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Unfortunately.... I couldn't even get a chance to play one Skirmish level. Everytime i tried to pick a map, it would stop working.... Bascially CRASH. 3 times in a row. I think this should have stayed in Beta longer, and it's a real shame cause i was looking forward to this for months.
 

Felina Fermi
127 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2015
Product refunded

very very buggy, Uplay won't sync saves. had to restart missions several times due to bugs. I ended up getting a refund and got rid of this game. I don't recommend it to anyone.
 

Vuck
125 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
I'm not going to talk about all the minor issues (few maps, can't randomize ; dull IA ; ...).

The sync bug WILL corrupt your save at some point.

I liked the way the put a HOMM3 like gameplay (although pretty cheap) and had fun playing 15 hours online but, hey, couldn't complete a single one.

If you choose to discard all thoses negative reviews, I recommend you not to pay full price for it or to wait until it gets patched (ETA next week according to devs).

Don't bother asking for a refund if you played more than two hours.

Nota : this sync bug is on since HOMM4, get hyped.
 

Thibze
60 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2017
I still had hope man. I avoided bad reviews and bought this upon release.
There goes my money. It's been a long while since we had a good
HOMM game. The way they killed of this masterpiece of a game, the
devs deserve jail.

 

Key יהוה <3
215 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2015
A realy good Heroes game, they took some steps back to focus on the strength of former Titles like the Skillwheel with the option to random like HOMM V or individual choice, more differences in Factions playstyle like in HOMM III. Only missing the Weapons you could level up they invented in HOMM VI.

Pro:
Best gameplay of all Heroes games thanks to Gouvenorsystem, Skillwheel, huge differences between Factions (unlike HOMM VI where they all played nearly the same) lots of individual skill and playstyles for the Heroes, choices in Townbuilding for more situational playing.

Contra:
Poor Release, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the Community from the Start. But nowadays its patched and I have no more bugs.
Poor graphics, but to be honest I never played Heroes for good graphics so it doesn't realy matter.
Typical Heroes storytelling, the Lore itself is pretty cool the presentation not, so its a real HOMM.

This game is alot better than its Reviews, because alot of people wrote bad reviews because of bugs that are no longer in it and never tested the gameplay.
 

Getto Gecko
256 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
What's the need of Beta testers, Ubisoft?
Well it's ether.
a) You haven't listened to the consumers who've had the chance to throw you feedback concerning the game.
b) Or it's like the Beta version was working flawlessly, yet you apparently forgot to double check the full version, because it's loaded with crashes.

There's no doubt about it, the game has been improved since previous installment in all aspects, but the amount of crashes and bugs just doesn't add up to the prices you charge for something unchecked, is ridiculous. Do you even care for the consumers? Or is it's just that huge amount of $ in your eyes.
Fix this, or I wish someone else, who actually cares for us gamers, take up the stick for this franchise and actually do a proper Heroes game once again.
 

[TUXEDO] warzak85df
451 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
It must be the most disappointing game in this year. When I launched it, I even can't believe it's a game published in 2015. 3D models are just like many years ago, and character's faces are freezing in cutscenes, their mouse is closed when they are talking. In fact, I think cutscense in HoMM3 is even better than it, you must know it's a game published in 16 years ago. UI is also unfriendly. You can't cancel your order with right click. Exit button of each form isn't obvious. It makes your operation unsmooth. For gameplay, I don't know, but I don't think it's can be much better than other aspects of this game, I really can't bear to play it anymore.
In general, 0/10, the worst game.
 

c0es1us.七海Nana7mi
327 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2016
Plagued by some troubles at release the game improved significantly with several patches.

Recommended to all fans of the series.
 

Krid
3,075 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
76.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2020
Game is monotonous. Midles trash battles waste far too much time.
Map editor doesnt work properly and crashes often.
 

ta1lee
47 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
96.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
I've played HoMM since getting HoMM 1's demo in a magazine when it first came out. Hundreds of hours enjoying intense single player & hotseat games, and it has always been a favorite.

I want to recommend this game, I really do, but I can't, at least not yet.

The game trailers where gorgeously animated, impressive as hell, but when you load the game you're given a cinematic that looks like someone doing it gave up or got fired about 1/4 of the way through.

Here's the promo sequence;


YouTube™ Video: Heroes of Might and Magic VII - Announcement Trailer Gamescom 2014 
Views: 594,416
Ubisoft announced Heroes of Might at Gamescom 2014. Visit all of our channels: Features & Reviews - http://www.youtube.com/user/gamespot Gameplay & Guides -...


And the incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ingame cinematic. No stylization, no animation, just a complete and utter failure.


YouTube™ Video: Let's Play Might and Magic Heroes 7 - Gameplay Introduction - Part 1 
Views: 202,412
Let's Play Might and Magic Heroes 7, shall we? The next installation in the popular Heroes series, Might and Magic Heroes 7 puts players in control of a empire torn by war.


So, with that said, I watched the sequence, and exited, going to bed, but optimistic about getting to play it this morning. Booted up my machine, launched the game, and.... crash. Not even getting to the studio logos, just black screen critical failure and back out to the desktop.


I don't know who let this abortion out of the studio early, but they should be dragged into the parking lot and beaten with rolled up newspapers. It's an insult to good games, an insult to the fans, and a slap in the face to Ubisoft's reputation.


Maybe in a few patches they'll clean it up, but by all acounts the game is broken before it even got out of the gate.
 

NWG_Murd3rsaurus
311 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2015
I actually enjoy this game, is a smooth and clear engine the cutscenes are not animated but the lore and story is good( for people that enjoy it ) It's true this game is a copy of the best two Heroes of might and magic, the 3rd and the 5th but im enjoying this game , yes i've had problems with some bugs here and there, but i cant say im not having fun.
Also I miss the Inferno faction and the Griffins in the Haven army
 

Scrolar
58 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2019
Typical HOMM.

If you liked the old HOMM games, you'll like this one.

I had enough hours to play for the money I paid (bought the game on sale).
 

rotofrier
354 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
177.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2020
There are some game-play issues and bugs still but it delivers heroes experience. There is unfortunately no lip sync which is unbelievable and you cannot dictate unit directions at positioning (that is very important because of flanking mechanics). Towns are also a letdown, it is way below quality from before games. Campaign could also be much better. Against all these issues it kept me playing.
 

Arthas
77 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
286.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2016
I was very hesitant to buy the game and waited for a long time because of all the negative reviews, but I finally got it on a 50% off sale around the beginning of March. Well, so far I've played through a couple of campaigns and had no issues. Sure, I miss the big cut scenes, but apart from that I've found this to be an improvement from VI. I love the in-depth scenery on the main map and there is a lot of variety in the missions so far. I'm not a big multi-player fan, so maybe there's a big problem in that area, but I've been pleased by a lot of the ways they've updated the gameplay. Two thumbs up, here!
 

clark.rf
317 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
165.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2020
In an age where we're looking to waste a bunch of time, this does that thoroughly.
 

phillip_benoit
7 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2015
Right now the game doesnt work nice.

Lots of bugs, AI is stupid, crash some times in loading screen.
In general the game is good, but need some seriously fixes.
 

DiretorPC
282 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2020
Can't change language to English because the russian region doesn't have this language even in an additional package. Trash.
 

askii.robotics
148 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
This game was so close! I actually feel bad for the devs!

There are some REALLY cool ideas and returning ideas from previous titles in this one like the town building "tree" and the towns look great themselves, plus more resources is nice and there just random tid bits thrown in that make you go "oh thats nice"

Now heres why this is a negative review. THIS GAME NEEDED AT LEAST ANOTHER YEAR of SOLID DEVELOPEMENT.

Period.

Everything from the reused units and animations and sounds from 6 (yet somehow they all feel and look crappier) to the fact it lacks SO MUCH POLISH badly, and not even in a "this game crashes a lot" way, but you constantly see units "skate" or "hydroplane" across the battle / campaign map or be doing an animation the wrong way (moonwalking orcs anyone!?) to just doing the wrong one flat out.

The sound is TERRIBLE, just anything from music to sound effects. Hell a lot aren't even synced up right with animations.

Those nice HOMM6 mission intros, outros and stuff? All the cinmatics are pictures of models that clearly had intended to be animated but aren't. It's hilarious.

The units look TERRIBLE not to mention some are just so stupid for the race, or even the entire races theme in general, anything from the fact that the haven faction is mostly reused stuff to nagas being called a medusa and now a dungeon unit... Trust me when I say the units look bad graphically AND theme wise for their respective race. Not to mention how pathetic towns look on the campaign map artwork (however the town screen itself is quite nice) it doesn't even change anymore at all it seems! I seriously doubt it does but it doesn't matter anyway because they all look terrible.

All in all, this game took a look at some of the old good heroes of M&M like 3 and 5 and SOME stuff of 6 and that stuff makes you WANT to like this game, it really does! However the glaring fact this games budget was slashed or time cut WAYYYYYYY too short, and the awful art direction race wise makes me honestly say avoid this game at all costs.

Go to gog.com and get heroes of M&M 3 complete, the chronicles of tarnum (yes all 8 ((?)) of them) and HOMM5 complete and M&MH6.

Those are way better. This is ♥♥♥♥.
 

WarMaster GoreHowl
562 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
199.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2018
Game play is enjoyable but there are bugs. A bug in Stronghold campaign map 2 is preventing scenario progress. After defeating the main quest enemy, quest "Handover of Power" is started and my character gets stuck between 2 gates. The inner gate opens but closes before my character can enter the army choosing area. Tried numerous times with different variations of the main quest, but always get stuck between the 2 gates. Game not recommended.
 

odtumble
99 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
480.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2018
I just finished playing both this game and the expansions, as the capstone of re-running through the entire Heroes series over the last two years.

I really don't see what all the negativity is about; I really had fun throughout the entire experience and don't regret my purchase at all.

The only two drawbacks I can see are A: the bugs, which a fan-patch solved pretty much right away, and B: the AI could use some work. Of course, exploitable or easy AI outside of battles has been a staple of the Heroes series since Heroes 1.

Overall, though, an addicting and pleasantly surprising experience for this long-time fan of the series.
 

derianledkersan
80 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
110.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2021
Short Review. Sound, music and visuals are very good.
I started playing games of this genre with Fallen Enchantress. Then Age of Wonders 3.
I do own others, Civ games, Endless Legends and others.
So, is this game better than the others? It's not better or worse.
Games of this size can't please everyone. I like the strategy, the units and heroes.
I like playing this game against friends, and there's much to like in single player.
I did like the story driven campaign.
But large crowded maps are my favorite.
Ubisoft did a very good job. The game is worth the price easily.
BTW, I just re-installed the game and I noticed that I smile when I think about going back in.
Good gaming all and Cheers.
 

ronjsim1
103 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
38.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2016
To be honest there are a lot of things, I didn't like about Heroes VII at first glance, but after playing for some hours the game got me hooked. A lot of the elements, menu and gameplay, feel a bit archaic. When starting the campaign I was really sceptical because of the menu and the presentation of the story, but after meeting my first hero, improving my first city and fighting my first enemies, it felt like playing good old Heroes II again. The story in the campaign is well told and makes it very addictive.
On the downside without the story the game mechanics doesn't feel that up-to-date, I remember Heroes III very fondly and like that Heroes VII feels a lot alike, but it inherited as well a lot of it's flaws: the fight feel a bit too simplistic and while exploring the map and fighting your way through hordes of monsters is fun to some extend, it's a bit too repetitive for my taste etc. And the multiplayer experience seems to not have evolved since I played in hotseat mode in Heroes III.
However, if it comes to the question whether I enjoyed playing Heroes, the answer is a clear "yes". :)
PS: I have read a lot about bugs. Luckily my experience is a completely different one. There has been some patches and I never encountered a single bug.
 

Amino Acid
195 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
418.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
I have to say that this game is good, I have not run into any game breaking issues and i am almost done with the campaign, it feels like every other HMM game. There are a feew minor bugs but nothing game breaking like I have been reading in reviews. 8/10 is my score and i have played all HMM games since the first one and although 3 is my favorite this one is good and will get better with DLC's im sure, if your a fan of HMM then this is a must have, just have a decent PC and you should have no issues.
 

WarPig
171 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
Ok, lets be real. I prepurchased this game and Day One it was a buggy mess.

The campaign was not good either. I got a refund.

I had played Every HOMM Game to Date. My Favorite been HOMM V Tribes of the East followed by HOMM 3 and VII to me was a big disapointment.

Few Years later, I seen it in Uplay Store for $10, thought I would give it a go again.

Now, I actually think this game is the best in the series. - In terms of Human Multiplayer anyway.

1. Most Tactical Combat option. (love the cover fire and backstabs)
2. Best Graphics
3. Best Skill Tree by far (Every Choice Matters, no randomness)
4. Best Town Progression (Love the hard decession)
5. Best Combat Balance
6. 2 Choices for your Last Creature is just cool

This game is just good for anyone wanting some classic HOMM Multiplayer fun.

Highly Recommended.
 

ShredKnight
307 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Awesome game, great graphics. If you are a fan of the series you wont be disappointed!
 

Cronocide
114 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2016
Pretty enjoyable, with more fixes incoming the game is coming together.
 

MsBubblicious
104 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2021
Great if you play hotseat but not so much if you are forced to rely on the servers.
 

Armored Bear
127 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
Please at least put an effort to update this game, after fixing various bugs ofcourse.

I didnt have many problems apart from first day game launching crash which i got rid of after a while. AI played quite fast, but had logic issues which also needs to get improved.

My main concern is, the game doesnt really feel live enough, graphics need update somehow, those animations at the beginning needs to change frozen chars talking at background is very irritating , and please fix/make a decent campaign setting so that we can progress through it like we did before.
There are planned expansions and such for sure , well with this much negativity it will be very hard to release something without lots of work, good campaign & senarios wont cut it this time, need decent additions to the game. Unfortunately i cant recommend this game at this current state, still didnt refund to give a chance, <3 heroes.

Will update the review if it gets decent changes and upgrades.
 

Cliver
4,008 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Bought and played this game when it was released. Uplay was awful to deal with and continually crashed both the game and the third party client that it forces you to open. Tried to get a refund but had already spend too many hours trying my best to enjoy a mess of a game that I really wanted to enjoy.

Updated 5 years later. Played another 10 hours and it's still a trash, buggy, unpolished and seemingly unfinished game. And still requires uplay which is now called uconnect and in 5 years time will be called usomethingelse.

Awful game. Go back and play heroes 5 (before it was developed by this terrible developer)
 

Roger Explosion
472 products in account
1
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
100.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2015
There is no denying of a disastrous launch, the game was buggy and practically unplayable for significant portion of people. However, the patch 1.2 and 1.3 has turned the situation around magically.

I started playing HoMM2 in 1997, and has been playing each installment ever since. I am happy to say the current incarnation of HoMM7 is a worthy successor.

In term of the game play itself, HoMM reached its height at HoMM3 and more or less plateaued from there on. There are additions and reductions in each installments since then, but core functions are about the same. HoMM7 is no different.

The major improvement, AFAIK, is the graphic. UE3 is a popular engine and is behind many major titles in the past 5 years. It is NOT outdated, as most UE4 games won't be out until 2016.

There are still improvement to be made for sure. Improve AI, improve multi-player, improve map editor's performance, etc. All of those will determine if the game has long-lasting values after all campaign and customize maps are done. But for now, the game offers 100+ hr of fun play time in a beautiful world, and thats nothing to be sneezed at.
 

chris.f
33 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
111.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2019
Buggy and broken.
 

nods2002
185 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2015
I very much enjoyed this Heroes game (unlike VI, as I'll admit), and can't fully understand why people rate it so badly because of early-stage bugs. With the recent patches, the game has come very far indeed, and I would like to ask those who reviewed it very early to rethink their original opinion.

Plus, Academy is back, So that makes it a good game right there.
 

Jukogenas
310 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2015
Complete crap. Do not waste your money on it. Not going to go into detail, the highest rated reviews say it all (read them). And believe me, no amount of patching is going to fix this disaster, it's that bad. The HOMM franchise is now dead.
 

road to 500mmr
44 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
TL,DR: I like this game a lot, but it is very buggy. Many users have reported issues with crashing (I have not experienced any crashes), multiplayer does not work (desynchs), and most importantly (in my opinion) units do not behave correctly on the tactical map. This is pretty standard stuff for a Ubisoft game, so unless you are a big Heroes of Might and Magic fan, like me, then you should hold off on buying the game.

------

Honestly, I'm surprised with how much I'm enjoying the game. I've sunk a ridiculous amount of time into every heroes entry since 3 (yes, even 6--I ♥♥♥♥ you not, I played it for over 250 hours). Fortunately, they have outright removed all of the awfulness from 6.

Hero leveling is fairly interesting. The schools of magic seem reasonably distinct and useful. I have an inkling that Prime might be a bit OP (seriously, the perk for teleport, +50 initiative, is very, very powerful, and time control, for its cost, is super useful). UPDATE: Light magic is also overpowerd. Dear God retribution is absurd. If ALL of the schools are overpowerd, then I'm totally behind that design... but I feel like fire, water, and earth are probably lagging behind. We'll see.

They have massively reduced the ease of resurrecting units, to the point where you have to specialize pretty hard to be able to do it, which I think is appropriate.

There seems to be a good number of items. Not like heroes III, but respectable. Set bonuses can be very nice, and on larger maps where you get more items, mixing and matches these bonuses is good fun.

Factions are nice and distinct. Each has its own style of play, and they seem to be balanced by each being unbalanced, which I prefer.

Creatures are, for the most part, pretty good. There are some that I dislike for various reasons, such as pixies and dryads being way too similar in appearance, and others which seem either under-powered, or too difficult to reach critical mass (as in, they keep dying off in combats because the AI will prioritize targeting them). Some examples of these include blade-dancers (very low HP for an elite unit, melee, low growth, expensive creature building), vampires (melee, low growth, bugged--will come to that in a bit), lamasus, etc. I think a balance pass will fix most of these issues.

Town development is interesting and full of meaningful choices. Do you squeeze out a creature building before the end of the week, or are you fiscally responsible and prioritize getting your town hall up ASAP? It takes a lot of time and adventuring to obtain the resources to max out your town, especially since you'll also be recruiting creatures and a hero or two.

Walls now come with a garrison, which can't be removed, and defend towns from those pesky 1 creature hero armies. Forts, and gates also come with garrisons, which fill over time for free, allowing some meaningful zones of control.

Caravans are back! In IV, you could order a caravan, and it would magically appear after a set period of time. In VII, caravans are an actual unit on the map, with a high move speed, that can be interacted with by your heroes and by the enemy, so they can be somewhat risky if your territories aren't secured.

Finally, let's go ahead and mention that this game is buggy as all hell. I personally have not experienced any crashes, freezes, or issues with the SP campaign. I HAVE, however, noticed a lot of incorrect unit behavior in battles. Do not take any perks relating to your warfare units right now, because they are very glitchy, and perks seem to make it worse. I've noticed gnoll hunters don't always do what they're supposed to, the treant's abilities don't seem to work at all, and effects that trigger on damage/unit kills will not trigger on the battle-ending attack (so vampires don't lifesteal if they end the battle by killing something, and Djinn won't provide mana to your hero). Units sometimes also get really excited and decide to ignore their move speed, allowing them to cover the entire tactical map. Similarly, heroes will sometimes get a second wind on the campaign map for no discernible reason. Also, the AI is just terrible, both tactically and strategically.

So why the hell am I enjoying this game? Because it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Heroes of Might and Magic game, and it's got a lot of potential, and it's actually a well designed game. Also the music is quite nice.
 

Talisman
337 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
109.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2016
Do not buy this game. I just write it for the other HOMM fans to prevent tham losing money meaninglessly.

There are SO MANY things what I'd like to say, but the major truth, why this game is a nightmare and perfectly failed game, are as follows:

1. Broken and messed system
The one of the major problem is the system, i.e., hero, skill wheel, town designs. All of those seems creating via copy and paste and even without any deep considerations. This game's genre is Turn-based Strategy Game, but there is actually NO strategy in this version due to the brainlessly designed skill wheel systems and the specialties for heroes. You would not want to keep playing this game more than once in your life.

2. Bugs, bugs, and bugs!
There are still huge number of bugs after six patches... So... you even would not be able to imagine how many bugs had been before. Actually, this ♥♥♥♥ game still cannot support multiplayer game since it has been released 6 months ago. Remember that this trash game has been saled in 2016. And they said that there was a technical issues that cause the bugs while playing the multiplayer game... You can easily guess how much poor technical skills the dev team has and so there would be also no hope, I mean, no significant improvements for this game, in the future.

3. 0% of creativity
This game totally copied and pasted from the previous versions of HOMM/MMH series. Sounds, Graphics, Icons, whatever. This means their primary object of saling/releasing this game is to make money without any efforts via deceiving the fans of HOMM/MMH series. DO NOT be taken in by their fake advertisements. Again, I'd like to say that this game has no hope, no vision, and no future. There would be no expansions for this game imo since this ♥♥♥♥ has been totally failed.
 

Hoo the fool
26 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2016
So far, I'm really enjoying this game. With the latest patches it runs stable (never had any serious bug), at least in Singleplayer mode (never played Multiplayer, aside from the good old Hotseat).

I like the new overall faction designs (heroes, creatures, buildings, town screens ...), and the visual richness presented on the maps (though some interactive objects are hard to see, unless you use the Alt key to highlight everything). For me this is the best looking 3D Heroes so far, much more iconic than VI was, and not as ugly as Heroes V :)

Gameplay is a vast improvement over Heroes VI: Areas of Control are still there, but now connected via caravans (like in Heroes IV), making you less reliant on the horrible act of hero chaining. Skills, abilities and spells were also decluttered: Spells were moved back into the magic guild and shrines (where they belong :), and the skill wheel provides a compact overview when it comes to reviewing and learning passive and active abilities. Actually the whole interface turned out to be really accessible.

There are also some cool new elements to the game as well: Bridges can now be destroyed, which can be used to secure escape routes and delay enemy attacks. Flanking was added to the combat, giving you at last some idea where to move your units in order to maximize damage, and some means to counter retaliation.

The campaign is solved way better than in the previous two games: Gone is the forced linear progression from V, and the jumpy, convoluted story of VI. Instead you have six independent campaigns, so you don't need to play the other campaigns to follow the story, and can just start with your favorite faction. Thankfully, the pace of the maps was sped up compared to Heroes VI, so they don't take ages to complete. They are nicely scripted, though the story is nothing to write home about. The overarching story hook with the Council is as silly as its presentation, unfortunately, but overall, I really enjoy the campaign.

And the most important part: The good old "Just One More Turn" feeling is definitely there!
 

evilseven
79 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2015
with pathc 1.5 most of ht egrigious bugs have been ironed out. If it continues on this upward trajectory it could be the best of the series
 

MacabreHeart
278 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
227.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2016
I can see why a lot of folks hate this version, and I do have some qalms with those problems as well, the game moves a little laggy, and some of the art are a bit lazy (stillframe cut scene, meh town icon etc.)

But I actually like the overall game quite a bit, it merges a lot of positives from 5 and 6, the story is probably the best one written of the entire series. the diversity and improvement on the combat system (flanking? FINALLY.)

I am really annoyed that ubisoft almost always release their games so buggy and incomplete though . I know modern games are more complex and all but seriously, games use to be released as complete products you know.
 

浪花淘盡英雄
70 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2020
I was very hesitant to buy this game due to poor reviews, but now that I got it as a gift and have played it for a bit, it truly feels like the best game in the entire series!

The game loaded without any problems whatsoever. After 2 hours (I know it's little time, but still), I have not experienced any bugs.

I love all of the different setting options and little useful features in this game. It's like they combined all of the nice features from all previous games and put it into one. You can choose to auto battle enemies, and if that goes poorly, you can redo the fight manually. You can very easily purchase and transfer army from your town. You can choose skills to level and there's one that made me VERY HAPPY - logistics gives you an option to level an ability to NOT waste move points to pick up stuff on the ground! Finally, we don't need a secondary hero following the main one picking ♥♥♥♥ up all game! How awesome is that? Heroes can move without 1 skeleton if you're using them as a scout. There's random map generator! Man, 2 hours so far, but the amount of nice things in this game is just overwhelming! I recommend!

P.s stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and we might get Homm 8 some day!
 

RavenDark
113 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015

ReidentSleepr 15 euroes game selling for 50 ResidentSleeper

The game feels unfinished to me. Tons of bugs and sloppy UI/animations/models/art. There were quite an amount of interesting rehashes on the tactical gameplay,though. Sadly, Cons overshadowed Pros.

But tbh overall the game standalone is ok. I liked and enjoyed some new ideas of the game. and I definitly would accept it with a lower price if it is an indie game, but i guess being one of the HOMM series and bearing the Ubisoft brand, it just isnt enough.
 

Javors_LordOfNagashizzar
62 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
378.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2015
DISCLAIMER: Old Heroes of Mioght and Magic fan

I've been enjoying this series of games since it's first iteration.
Heroes 7 is definetely one of the best.

The basic gameplay is - as any other member of the series - solid.
And the new-comings to the gameplay are well-thougt and elegant additions .

If you are a HOMM fan - and not one of the 'HOMM3 is the best thing that ever happened and nothing can compare ' fanatics - then you will enjoy H7.
 

Tykkefar
294 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2021
The last part of the Might and Magic but no the worst one as some people say...i really like it, i has it own story and very nice gameplay...My favorite part of this series was number 5 with all dlc's but that one is seriously not so bad, i liked it...Total rating in my eyes is 9/10 ;]
 

Frugo
355 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2016
Product refunded

Hot Alert for all players who loved Heroes 3 who hate it as kids but still they want to play and try Heroes of Might and Magic 7 do not buy this product!!! I will tell you what i had experienced with this game which was 8 hours of searching on google and on steam discussion groups for this game for information how to fix its bugs. Lets start with the Uplay it didnt let the game to start so i found information on google from the developers that i had to uninstall it then to reinstall it from their link from ubisoft in order to fix it ( why the hell and ♥♥♥♥ you making a DLC for that game but first u dont fix the bugs for which thousands of players are reporting to experience in the main game ? and year and some months after the release u turning your bag on the title pissing on all the good things we the old school gamers and even the young smart players experienced playing since Heroes 3 for this question We the Heroes community i smell we will never get an answer ).

So after i fix the Uplay bug. I couldnt start the game it simple crushed every time i was trying to run it spend about 6 hours search again for help in google writing letters to Ubisoft and so on. No good result nothing. Now 2 days latter i am on the point to ask for refund for the purchase i made 2 days before New year. And instead to have a great time during my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ holiday playing the game i am spending time - 10 hours - late 4 am at night to fix bugs for which some mother ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ( sorry for that but they deserve it ) were supposed to fix and took money for that !!! We the players must stop pay money for such a bad (i cant find the proper word for this ♥♥♥♥ job ) job and a franchise killer in order for they the ppl who are responsible for this when they dont get the money they will stop doing this ♥♥♥♥.
Pc. I even found a statement from and Ubisoft representative in which they simple said they are turning their backs on the Heroes of Might and Magic title and he said some good goodbyye words. For me and for many other players in his letter we simple read this things:
Thanks to all noobs who ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up and give us money by buying this unfinished full of bugs and crushes product of ours. We took with pleasure your cash for our failier and Heroes of Might and Magic killer. We dont give a ♥♥♥♥ to fix and help you with the bugs u are experiencing in the game no more because we dont see in our bank accounts the same amount of money coming from the purchase of our ♥♥♥♥ product anymore. So you know what we are done with this title and we will start searching with pleasure on another one on which we can ♥♥♥♥ up and ♥♥♥♥ on until you noobs stop paying us.
Goodbye idiots. AKA Ubisoft + whoever else worked on Heroes 7 with us.
 

AvroraBg
145 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2016
So far I really like the direction this game design is going. I feel they really made some good choices with a 3 style combat/hero system combined with caravans. The only reason this game is not doing well seems to be failures on the technical side which is a shame... The tech side is suppose to be the easy part. I really think they over did the graphics for a turn based game. Just make them crisp and fast. Would like a new caravan graphic that actually looks like a caravan and not just a hero's horse. The ledges don't have to be so steep with such crazy camera angles. Also story line seems to be lacking originality, everytime I read a different factions storyline I'm reminded of some mainstream movie or book series from the last 20 years. Still think the creatures and towns in 3 are cooler; really not a fan of the sylvan theme. They should think about marketing this series towards tablets. I can't think of any reason why this wouldn't make a great tablet game if done correctly. Plus the graphics level and player expectations would be more on point for the series.

+ Hero's act seperate from creature stacks as in H3.
+ Siege and other support devices like in H3 but more unique; better than H3.
+ Castles have towers and more; better than H3.
+ Creatures need hero to travel but hero no longer needs at least 1 creature; better than H3.
+ Graphics are the best of any Heros.
+ Long campain with depth.
+ Retained Hotseat.
+ Caravans and Forts included.

- Graphics, battle scense, and inventory are glitchy.
- Caravans look like a horse; could be more unique.
- Campain characters faces don't move when talking (little creepy).
- Story is not original.
- Faction names and creature choices are a little lame. Factions not as cool as Hero's 3 or even 2 for that matter.


I'm still feeling out the talents and magic tree. Verdicts still out.
 

ElderThane
51 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
551.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2021
Hello o7 as the Heroes of Might and Magic Online servers were shutdown after many many years of gaming, i got to Steam and find HOMM VII bundle with good price, i get finally play this, and its Amazingk!
 

STriderFIN77
358 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Unfinished and bugged. Do not buy this game unless it's 80% off.
 

hogniis
162 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
144.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2019
Could finish tutorial, but game crashes every time i press end turn in the campaign. IN ANY CAMPAIGN!!!!!
I can't even refund, because I bought a pack with HOMM3 HD, and i played that before trying this one.

EDIT: the game seems to be incompatible with MSI Afterburner. I can play now after deactivating it!

Liking the game so far, an improved HOMM of old
 
A developer has responded to this review

-=Cloud=-
310 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 25
This Ubisoft Production crashes more than a junkie...Yes, My set up exceeds the Minimum reqs. A game like this, made by such a prominent developer should be more stable... It will have to the hidden depths of my Steam Library....
 

spidabaer
194 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Worst by far Multiplayer experience I ever had in the release of a game.

I have been waiting to play this game with a friends for months and I was expecting the Desync / timer bug issues to be fixed since May 21 2015 as it was said by many players. You promised to fixed those issues in May 2015, and 5 months later, you still release the game with HUGE multiplayer bugs. We were not abble to finish a single game within 10 hours of play without being desync every turn without talking about loading bugs, pathing bugs which preventing us to finish games. We both decided to not try again until you FIX desync bugs and such in a futur patch.

The worst part is that you release previous Heroes with SAME bugs and you can't learn from your mistake.

DO NOT PURCHASE this game until it is FIXED if you want to play Multiplayer.
 

Th3PuNiSh3R
47 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
98.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
I absolutely love this game. HOWEVER!!!! You need to understand that Ubisoft has forced it's release early and therefore it still has numerous bugs and certain features aren't implemented yet http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1287258-MMH7-Full-Release-Bugs-and-Feedback.

Limbic studios the developers however are not to blame and have created an amazing addition to the Heroes of Might and Magic universe. Every time I play as something different specialising in something different I am swept up in how awesome each different component is. As this game gets patched and features are added later on I have absolutely no doubt this will be one of the best entries in the series along with 3 and 5.

Bugs aside I cannot stop from clicking next turn. I can't wait to see what the finished product is like. If only Ubisoft weren't such pieces of garbage and gave Limbic the time they needed to truly polish this game before release. Already looking forward to the expansions.
 

Zatara
293 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2015
Yes, the game has bugs. Some are really serious, as in missions not being able to be finnished. And some are just annoying.

But if you are able to cope with those (patches are getting out on a regular base) you get a really enjoyable game. The cutscenes are ... not anything you really talk about in regards of state of the art, but they still tell the story that is the background for the game in a way where you just want to continue to see what the next map will bring.

Now to the actual gameplay:

- the missions offer a high variety of goals (not just capture all towns etc.),
- scripted events actually surprise you, sometimes in a positive way sometimes with a groan
- the combats run smoothly, the units are balanced and with the skillwheel you don't just go the old heroes VI cookie cutter builds

So if you can look past all the naysayers and give the actual game a try you will soon find yourself facing the old problems heroes always had. Just another turn till I go to sleep...

Oh and I didn't have a single crash so far (Been playing since release).
 

sirgoldi
41 products in account
0
78 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Product refunded

The game looks good, the voice acting is "okay" compared to the previous one.
Overall i like it so far, but the one that really bugged me straight from the first campaign is the in-battle sound.
That ♥♥♥♥ is so bad..... Hitting an enemy sound like you're giving it a hug. Getting a Critical hit sounds like you're giving them a high five. I mean come on, we can and should except more.

 

Lethalrain
294 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
34.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 14
This game is atrocious, but had so much potential. I have the 3rd and 5th games in this series, and they are excellent. Run smooth, not buggy, good gameplay.

I will say this; the gameplay is good in this game if you like other might and magic games, duh.

I have a brand new computer. Seriously, I built it 2 weeks ago. 3070 Ti, Intel i7 12700k, with excellent cooling, 16 GB RAM, and a case designed to maximize airflow. I have no problems running brand new games with ray tracing at or above 60 fps without surpassing 60 degrees celsius. I can run Cyberpunk 2077 at 70 fps on max settings with ray tracing with sub 60 celsius temps. It isn't hard on my computer at all. Why am I emphasizing my PC's capabilities, you ask?

This game is the most poorly optimized POS I have ever played in my life. My GPU usage is at 100%, CPU above 50% when I run this game. My temps are 15 degrees higher than brand new games on ultra settings. This game eats your memory and is really difficult to run despite the requirements listed. It also requires you to sync with Uplay, even to run singleplayer.

This is a game from 2015, with graphics from 2009, and requires hardware from 2052 to run without stressing your PC. I had all my settings maxed, but noticed it seemed really hard on my rig, so I turned it all down to low. Higher framerate, but it still hogged all my memory and runs mediocre. At 244 fps, the game still looks clunky. It is currently 7 years after release, and this game still runs like trash. Seriously, my GPU came out less than a year ago, and it is struggling with this game. If it could cry, it would while running this.

I think it would be less stressful on my PC to chop celery using my CPU Cooler. This is more poorly optimized than pushing a dead elephant up a 50 ft hill of ice covered with baby oil. I am going to finish it due to it being a part of the might and magic games (unfortunately), then I am going to forget about it. I would suggest anyone considering buying this game to go buy literally any other combination of games totalling this game's price instead, and running them all at once on your PC. They probably have a better chance of working properly.
 

Joosy
22 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
175.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
On a bright side - some developments in fraction balance and certain connections with HOMM3 feel totally good.
Skill system may not be very flexible, but it's interesting and transparent (as opposed to homm5 skill wheel). Fraction abilities no longer require charging for who knows how long. For an instance, elven (Sylvan) fraction ability is pretty potent, and it's what they attempted to achieve in homm5, but failed. Bad thing is it's basically must have for a main hero for most of the fractions (stronghold just doesn't work without it). Some fractions, however, have it considerably weaker. Overall balance is also very questionable.
From updated gameplay perspective it's nothing new really, but offers some smoother experience. If not only...

Major drawbacks include poor localization, lots of bugs (100+ pages full of complains in 5 days after launch on steam forums), and game being REALLY slow even on somewhat decent pc for no apparent reason. All the Ubisoft things. So, nothing really new and tons of crappy game support.

Bottom line: Don't pay for this game now unless you're a fan of the series, it's totally not worth it. If you are, some parts can amuse you. Game design is quite good. Production is not.
 

Lodinn
490 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
This Game...First Of all a lots of things need to be adjusted, it's disappointed launch. I should mention the part the game doing it right, the story line presentation is more reasonable, but all 3D modeling is there, why there is no animation for that. second is the skill system, bring back the good old wheel skill tree, but its lack of lore textures and icons that make the part a bit of disappointing. than the next is most annoying thing: THE SOUND, might of magic heroes series most famous part of the game is the ambient sound and combat interactive sound, the Magic® Heroes® VII totally ignores that, the ambient sound make you feels like a bunch of noise not enchantment game lore essence, and the combat sound, What a joke is that!!!! its feels like all made in 4 x 4 square meter box, the winning shout out is so bad that make you want to cut your mouse pad after each match. and after so many Heroes games there are still not well made 3D castles? so my conclusions this is 75% incomplete product, if you really want to buy it, wait until they patch all the nonsince give a better gaming experience or wait for the discount.
 

XnoDragon
324 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
150.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 6
a great point and click Game
 

caracana83
41 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
And here I thought I'd give a try at buying a game again. I've been patient but this one is so buggy it takes all the fun away. Shame on Ubi for releasing suck a broken piece of ****. Asking for refund.
 

Slyborg
202 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2019
The single player seems ok, but I bought the game with a friend and the multiplayer simply does not work. Searched for an hour on the internet and could only find people with the same multiplayer issues as me, Do not buy this game if you intend to play with a friend.
 

WayTwoDrunk
71 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
762.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2020
Too many crashes. Game crashes when you load a saved game for trying to recruit from your town, you lose troops you garrison in walls, Games crashes if you try to move down a certain path. It's been out long enough for this stuff to be patched, but clearly the software developer doesn't care, they got their money. Too bad, it's has great potential.
 

Hockeyteeth
62 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
I played all Heroes' since part 3 and so far, this is the best one to me (I have exclusively played the Campaign so far!).

The game is still almost as buggy as during the last Beta. Most of the bugs I encountered were of the game breaking nature and forced me to restart the respective mission. But I never had problems loading into the game and it didn't crash on me even once. Therefore, I am not overly affected by the bugs since having to restart a mission might be a big annoying but at the same time it is nothing horrible and allows you to optimize your farming pattern and readjust skillbuilds of the heroes.

Publishing a game with so many problems shouldn't be done and can be considered an insult to the customers. Yet, I am still recommending the game because the campaign is beautifully crafted, the mission design is pretty awesome and you instantly get sucked in by the typical Heroes of Might and Magic charme that makes it so hard to stop playing.

If you liked the other Heroes of Might and Magic games and if you do not care too much about missing animations during what "could" be called cut-scenes if there were animations, you will enjoy this. If all you want to do is ride around, collect stuff, build huge armies and strong heroes, then you WILL enjoy this game. The pace during the campaign is quite high, which is why this game clearly is NOT RECOMMENDABLE for beginners. There is no tutorial whatsoever, no introduction to mechanics, if you never played a game of this genre, you might be overwhelmed and pretty helpless. As a HOMM veteran, I think that is awesome, since you are just thrown right into the big epic fights!

One downside that has to be mentioned is the quite horrible AI. The fights are far from "hard" and even playing on heroic, you can easily defeat "deadly" enemies if you know how to play. The AI moves around confusedly, suicide attacks sometimes (without doing too much damage) and generally just isn't a real challenge. But then again, since HOMM3: AB no Heroes was really challenging and I still liked them, simply because the story is interesting.
 

Decstarr
49 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
This is the first HOMM game that I play, and it made me realize how much better Age of Wonders III is. I really hope it gets patched heavily, because there are three major issues that need fixing right now :

- Unplayable multiplayer : tried to play with a friend in co-op, took ages in order to even get in a game together (port opening, static IP setup... really ?), and then out-of-sync error spam for like 20 turns starting at turn 5ish, until my friend gets stuck in a previous turn and can't play anymore because well... it's actually gone out of sync.

- No RMG outside of the editor ? If I want to play with a friend, I have to select one of very few predefined maps that support more than 2 players. I just want to select the number of players, a few variables, and have a randomly generated map to play on against some AIs, is that too much to ask ? It's that simple in Age of Wonders III.

- No spectator mode for your ally's battles ? All my friend got to do while I was playing my battle was watch a map, a progress bar, and listen to the sounds of the battle being played. Wow. Then again, in Age of Wonders III you have to watch battles that are being played. It gets dull to sit there watching other players do their things... but at least you have something more entertaining to watch than a noisy loading screen for f*ck's sake.

Other than that I have no real complaints about the game. It's got a nice style, and to me the graphics are fine and the animations are decent enough. It also runs fine on my rig (Hopefully - i7 5820k, GTX980, 16gigs DDR4 and a SSD). I will not refund it because I never asked for a refund before, and I truly hope the game is fixed, but I can't recommend buying it in its current state, unless you only intend on playing it in single player - which I haven't tried much yet.
 

Cervantes
257 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2018
I will put it simply: This games was THE WORST MULTIPLAYER system in the story of humanity.

We have spent more time trying to play or load a game (while randomly lose criatures from our heroes for no reason), than actually playing.

If you buy this game just assume your only options are 1-player or hotseat. Forget about the rest.
 

Bucho
69 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
142.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2020
I remember playing a game called Dark Legions that was turn based with Orcs and Demons so I was excited to first get involved with Heroes of Might and Magic 3 and now #7. I love these type of games and hope they keep churning them out.
 

petebussiere
22 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
166.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2017
as a heroes fan from heroes 1 aaallll the way up to 5, i havnt played the 6th but this one number 7 is not what i expected with all honesty ill just continue playing part 5
 

DrAnus
112 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
Product refunded

This is terrible parody on true Heroes.
It doesn't work without ubisoft client.
The half of textes are on.. German.

No, thanks
 

voodoodnepr
96 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 23
AI magic is extremely broken, you can have built up an army for 2 months and get it one shot on the first turn against an enemy mage hahaha
Ridiculously overscaled.
 

If I was mid
137 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
127.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2016
I want to give this game a good review. When I started playing the beta It looked like it could be better than heroes 3, the best it the series. However, it won’t let me, I thought if I gave it time they would fix their bugs, but just today (3/26/16) I had two game crashes from starting combat. The game still plays like it should be in beta, maybe first week problems, but the game is 6 months old. This is not acceptable for a AAA priced game.
 

masterfloric
354 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Product refunded

This game might, one day, be good. I was having a really fun time playing it, for about two hours.

Until it became impossible to load games. They would take 20 minutes to load, or just crash. It is completely unplayable. It is full of other, varied, game breaking bugs: both campaign mode or discrete maps. AVOID until it is patched to a release quality and/or on sale.

It is a total farce that Ubisoft have hired these incompetent developers to further wreck a cherished franchise. Shame on you!
 

MrPetrov
129 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2018
I dont understand why this game has bad press.

MMH7 is a very decent game.

Factions are truly different & unique.

The gameplay is very classic, it feels very much Hereoes of Might and Magic kind of gameplay.

The AI is .. not the finest but solid enough.

The only critics I would address is that Inferno isnt in the game. Seriously WHY ?

Conclusion: It is a decent game. HMM7 is very loyal to the franchise. It offers minor improvements while it maintains the basics.

Buy it on sales, it worth it.

Score: 8/10
 

Varangon
184 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
305.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
So I was aware of the mixed reviews and thought "hey, I´ll grab this game because they will likely fix it anyway and im ok with crashing for now"

Little did I know it would kernel me and give bluescreens.

Not sure I dare to load up this application again even after patching, apparently its OK to release a game that´s not going to be functional in order to "meet a deadline".

UBisoft to me is UBfudged
 

victormartyn
115 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 2
This game use to work for me but now everytime I try to play the game I get fuzzy graphics. Update 2022..... So it was actually a pack from the uplay reward store. After all these years of not playing this game cause of what I thought was a glitch. This is why no one likes you ubisoft. Your rewards are actually so bad people thinks it's a glitch.....
 

The Dude
236 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
105.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
At first it was fun to play the scenarios, but let's be honest:
Lots and lots of bugs -> thankfully there is a community patch
Some of them should never have even passed QA, a simple exemple; don't trust the skills you read, some of them do something else.
Other than that, most maps are not fun to play. You start with a hero and try to build your own stuff, then you face deadly heroes. Only to understand later that the map is made to make you run.
Call me old fashion, but **** no, that's not HOMM.
 

Ashen One
235 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2020
_Doesn't launch most of the time. So there's that.
_From what I could glimpse, the game is pretty much MMHV. Same gameplay, same units, same powers, same fun, but nothing more.
_The hole thing feels rushed : the main campaigns are ending pretty quickly.
_The story is your usual fantasy stereotypes catalog. It's not really a good idea to link the campaign missions so thigtly to such weak scenarios.
_For some reason, the game has been made really heavy, for the same artistic result than MMHV. On this aspect there's only one true difference : It's lagging like Tomb Raider 3 on Atari. I'm not even exaggerating.

So : a risky purchase for a stuttering premature mentally challenged version of his illustrious cheaper forfathers. Ubisoft has been taking a lot of kicks in the comment section. It's well deserved : after two catastrophic opus, the franchise is in ruins by now.
 

Camylle
69 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
149.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2020
This review is in English and Slovak language:
Táto recenzia je v Anglickom a Slovenskom jazyku:

Might & Magic Heroes VII evoked a bit of mixed feelings in me. The pros certainly include an engaging storyline and the fact that even on the easiest difficulty, the game is not a walk through the rose garden. Cons include some stupid artificial intelligence behavior during turn-based combat and large differences between units in armies. Some are almost useless, while others are far too strong. Another disadvantage is the need to install an additional service to run a game called UPlay, which causes many startup or compatibility issues. However, I recommend the game, because it is gratifying that after the botched VI. series, the developers were able to take over and create a quality game that is not permeated by paid downloadable content.

VII. séria Hrdinov moci a mágie vo mne vyvolala trocha zmiešané pocity. Medzi klady určite patrí pútavý dej a fakt, že ani na najľahšej obťažnosti nie je hra prechádzkou ružovou záhradou. Medzi zápory patrí trocha hlúpe správanie umelej inteligencie počas ťahového boja a veľké rozdiely medzi jednotkami v armádach. Niektoré sú takmer zbytočné, zatiaľ čo iné sú až príliš silné. Ďalším mínusom je potreba inštalovania dodatočnej služby na spustenie hry s názvom UPlay, ktorá mnohým spôsobuje problémy so spustením alebo kompatibilitou. Hru však odporúčam, pretože je potešujúce, že po spackanej VI. sérii, sa dokázali vývojári prebrať a vytvorili kvalitnú hru, ktorá nie je presiaknutá spoplatneným sťahovateľným obsahom.
 

GorilaSK
53 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
154.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2017
Similar to past games. I just don't seem to have the time or patience that I once did. I've been using quick combat all the time when before I never did in past games. Still overall a decent game
 

gravelover333
42 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
61.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
This game would be fine except there are far too many bugs even after patch 1.6.
 

mbkline
164 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2016
After reading most people's reviews and concerns, I waited a few months before purchasing this game. I have now played thru 2 of the campaign faction scenario's and I must say, I am impressed. All of the glitches, bugs that people have mentioned have been fixed and the game runs very smoothly. The graphics are gorgeous as well as the animations and story. I've played HoMM 4,5, and 6 prior, and I really really like the effort the developer has made for 7. I only miss the ability to change a captured city's faction to match your own, but that was done deliberately.

Honestly, this game is now worth it... its a great game and worth addition to the HoMM series. If you have been holding off. but love the series, now is the time to buy it and enjoy it, frustration free.
 

dwest2127
166 products in account
0
70 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
119.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I have never written a video game review before, but in this case I feel obligated to do so.

To preface this review, which will be brief, I will start by saying they could have reskinned M&M6, added a few campaign missions and I would have still bought it and probably loved it. I've been playing these games as long as I can remember.

That said, this game is TERRIBLE. The animations are at least 10 years behind even M&M6, the gameplay is blocky, robotic and confusing, even to a long time veteran of the series. I don't know what happened at the studio, but this is, without competition, the worst iteration of the series to date, and it makes me very sad to say so. I was greatly looking forward to the next installment of one of my favorite games.
 

nl626c
93 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
103.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I have played every single Heroes of Might and Magic game and expansion to date, starting with the very first one back in the hallow days of the 6th grade. Finished most of them, too.

And I personally would recommend the current incarnation.

Oh, sure, it's far from perfect. They skimped on things that seem just silly to skimp on, especially for such a big name (company and game). Cutscenes and menus, and the interface in general, look like they were designed a good 10 years ago. The town screen is..okay.. but come on, when they had the majesty of H V's Haven to draw from?

However, to me most of the drawbacks are fairly trivial, at least so far. It helps that so far I have not experienced a single bug or crash, unlike Heroes VI which I found to be simply unplayable at launch. Bitter disappointment that, was glad it didn't turn out similarly..though, I guess there's still time.

The graphics are good. Design, excellent. I'm alternating between this one and the Witcher 3, and I find no cause to complain about this.

The formula is the classical one, which to be fair it was what the fans expected. And it's good! Combat and hero progression feel vastly more satisfying than Heroes VI.

There are a number of blasts from the pasts which also make me glad - such as the return of the Magic Guild, Thieves Guild, and the War Machines of yore.

The new additions - or all that I've seen so far - are all to the good, if fairly minor. The hero skill progression is interesting. Combat wise, they've added in cover to the battlefields and flanking. There's a "local guard" added to castles, a fixed defence force you cannot remove, not too strong but decent. World map boosters last multiple battles.

Campaign and story, I like it.

Overall.. especially if you're a Heroes fan, go for it.

 

Mhorhe
250 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2018
I have played all of the Heroes of might and magic games except for 1 and 6, In my opinion this is one of the better ones, My favorite 3 are Heroes 3, Heroes 7, and Heroes 2. The only complaints i do have is that some campaign missions take 4+ hours to complete on the first playthrough, I think most of the negative reviews are from people who are playing their first Heroes of Might and Magic Game and are just clueless.
 

Maj Mako Shark
35 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 25, 2017
This installment of the series is veryu entertaining. It is very similar to Heroes III.

But i CANNOT recommed it - i have never finished a game because the game keeps crashing...

I have not even played it that much simply because it is unplayable.

--- A very big disappointment ---
 

DiemauerDK
252 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
141.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2016
A few bugs but none that i have not found a work around for.
At a certain point in a certain quest line the " chain lightning " spell make's wining the game super hard.
Still I have done almost half the quests and have been having a lot of fun ( exept the afor mentioned part of one quest ).
 

Demetry666
110 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
49.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2016
This game can be fun but, i still much prefer and recommend the previous games of the series( 3,4,5). And there is too many bugs and the game just lacks of so many small things that would make the game any good. Just go play the 3th game of the series and don't waste money on this game, right now. Like I said this game can be fun, but eh i don't recommend this game, for this price anyway. (Sorry for bad english :/)
 

Alien Ted
55 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2020
Feels like a fancy mobile game.
The way the units look is right out of mobile games.... I HATE mobile games.

As the story, o m f g .....it's like it was written by a 12 year old, the dialog is horrendous. I'm already finished with the 1st campaign and I have no idea what's going on, I simply click on dismiss/skip every time a dialog window pops up.

I really tried to get into the story, but every conversation, every dialog made me cringe after 1 hour.

Also..why did they change the city look/animation layout? It was beautiful in HoMM5?
 

maury23
78 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
67.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2020
The fact that they stopped the development and support for this game makes it unplayable. Multiplayer keeps crashing after a few PvP battles. PvM works fine, but you cannot finish a PvP game without using the autosave feature.
 

Shoby
9 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2015
Verdict: Is Heroes VII perfect? No - Is it an enjoyable & "fun-to-play" game? yes, very much!

Foreword: I started with Heroes II and loved III. Later on, I was appalled by the graphics of Heroes V and thought I have grown out of the franchise. Heroes VI had too many bad reviews, but VII looked interesting enough to try.

During the first weeks I encountered bugs, game stoppers and had even savegames that were unusable. That was truly not what I had expected and I paused to play, waiting for patches. And they came! At the moment the version is 1.5 and has improved a lot. Of course, there are still points like combat sounds or the council scene that are not appealing, but for me those are not the essential factors for a fun Heroes experience.

I skip a more detailed review about pros and cons of the actual gameplay or the graphics (which are not AAA but good enough) simply summarize my opinion about Heroes VII:

During the campaign I had this good old "one more turn" feeling that I have had in Heroes III and easily forgot that already 2 hours had passed since I started, what more can I say? That makes it a good game for me, even though it has flaws.
 

Jack's smirking revenge
1,193 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
If you're an old like me who loved the early Heroes games, you'll like HOMM7 a lot more than do younger and more demanding players who care about animated cutscenes and state-of-the-art graphics. I don't. I want a pleasant, interesting , immersive game experience and this one hits that sweet spot.

Seventeen hours in and I have yet to have a technical problem of any kind. There are plenty of things that could be more user-friendly and intuitive, but once you get the hang of it, it goes pretty smoothly. They really could/should have done a tutorial or had more and better navigation tips.

I recommend using the ALT key (highlights all interactive objects on map) a lot. The game does not to a good job of alerting you to new items that appear. I got completely stuck in one scenario because I hadn't noticed a huge stack of free creatures had appeared along with a portal to the scenario-winning battle.

In short, this is a good classic Heroes game that can only get better with a patch or two.
 

badgerpluto
107 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
Generally a fan of this series, but this game should never have been released. Very dissapointed.

The game crashes too often. The animated cut-scenes do not work and did i mention all the annoying crashes?

It will probably be patched up so it works as intended soon, but until then i cant recommend it!

Edit: Recently tried playing again and could not detect any issues. Great game! Great addition to the series.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Xentric
144 products in account
2
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2018
I am a UX expert, and there are so many degradations in this category from previous games under the name of progress.
Unbelievable!!!

I don't know where to start. The list is so long but let me put my top 3.

1) in castles, UX is horrible.
1.a)Drawings with no feelings- Come on!! Everyone would be much happier with heroes 3 style graphics in castles. I cannot imagine myself living there when I got into that view. In a way, you killed my dreams. I still remember in heroes3 and 5, I would get into a castle and imagine myself living there on its streets
1.b) very limited connections between useful links (e.g., when I get into the magic guild after building the first level and try to decide which type should I choose as mandatory speel in all levels, I want to know expertise of my character. if I go to my heroes, I do not see his/her core spell type. So I need to go out of the castle and click on the character. SO useless

2) why would you change resource names. Really why? There is no better way of alienating old heroes fanatics from the game. Plus, since I don't know the new materials, it is very hard for me to see which area produce what without bringing my cursor on top of them.

3) the second point brings me to the third. The map looks much more realistic and gives the more imaginable image of heroes world but objects are so disproportional, and their 3Dtextures makes them very to differentiate from the background.
 

mehmet.orgut1
56 products in account
2
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
260.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 9, 2016
The bugs of this game (still there up until this day) and especially the fact that Ubisoft is TOTALLY ignoring this really make me never ever buy a game from Ubisoft EVER again!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This game could be so much more, but after so many months it is still full of bugs, and it seems like instead of patching bugs they bring out DLC... yeah great. (doesn't this mostly lead to a game which will never be completly working? *cough* "insert another Ubisoft title here" *cough*)

Don't get me wrong, the base game is really great and almost reaches Heroes5 in Gameplay (so I'm not sure wether the problem lies with the Devs instead of other parts of the Company?)

to make it short:

-the really ♥♥♥♥ AI destroys Singleplayer
-the really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ network code destroys Multiplayer

-thousands of minor bugs which could be well avoided with some more beta testing (you have to rely on fan patches to eliminate some, which does really bring shame to the original Devs)

-Uplay is also VERY annoying (you are forced to use it and cant play OFFLINE) (renaming their service to ubiconnect didnt help)

But hope never dies and this has the POTENTIAL to become the best Heroes ever and I would love to recommend it...
At the moment, Heroes 5 still is the best modern Heroes out there (Classic's excluded), better buy that.
 

theguyB
496 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2019
This is the only game that i have left a negative review for. There always seems to be a problem trying to play this game. Currently it's the u-play feature. If you are the type of person that likes to struggle just to be able to play a game, then this is it
If you finally manage to get into the game it is interesting to play
 

Problem Solver
74 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
Spent good 15 minutes trying to launch the game, had to connect to my mobile internet for the last 7 min hoping it would solve the problem. It just kept on crashing when I tried to start a custom game.

The campaign still has no animated cut-scenes from what I saw. I couldn't actually try the game-play though.

It's really painful to see this game after enjoying HoMM3 and HoMM5. I wish they'd pull it together.
I don't recommend anyone to buy this - the game isn't finished and the bugs make it unplayable even if you wish to ignore the lack of animation.
 

creative.flash.magic
103 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
I like the Heroes Series, but this game is really the worst thing UBI offered to his customers.

The game itself makes fun - despite the fact that the animation of the videos are from 20 years ago - until it broke down.
The Kampane is unplayable due to game crashs and bugs.

I am really disappointed about the behaivior of the developers and the pubisher.
This was definitivly the last game of UBI I had pre-ordered.
 

Markontheway
145 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2016
TL;DR at the end of the review.

After reading all the negative reviews I have to write my own.
Heroes VII gets rid of all those gimmicks from the previous title that we didn't need or want and returns the core features from older games, like more resources. The core gameplay is still mostly the same (you build your town, level up heroes, train troops, conquer enemies and so forth) and hasn't changed for the better or worse.
The units in this game, at least to me, look a lot more interesting and overall better than those of Heroes VI. Nothing still beats Heroes III.
Othervise the visuals have improved slightly and are now up to par with other similar games. However, due to the nature of the 3d environment, it his sometimes harder to distinguish objects in the map and battle screen.
The sound in the game is, well, bad. The units don't really have very unique voices and sound effects like they had in every previous Heroes game. This is also made more clear when you speed up the game; some sounds can no longer be heard and others become unrecognizeable mess. The music, however, is among the best in the series.
The game has its share of bugs. I have encountered nothing game-breaking, but some annoyance may occur, when, for example, an enemy units model suddenly goes underground and you can no longer interact with it until it moves again.
Probably the worst "feature" in the game is forcing another layer of DRM, the uplay launcher. Ubisoft, we don't want it, don't force it on us!

TL;DR

Pros: Removed the gimmicks of Heroes VI, added features missing from previous games missing in VI.
Units are interesting once more.
The music and visuals are good.
Retains the feeling of the series.

Cons: Bad sounds.
Bugs
Uplay DRM
AI isn't very bright
It's not Heroes III

All in all, it's a decent addition to the franchise. If you loved Heroes III, don't get your hopes up, no game in the franchise can reach the level of III, II and V. However, if you liked V and hated VI, you might just find this one to your liking.

I'd give it a 6-7/10.

 

Parttous
1,116 products in account
1
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
473.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2015
Incredibly buggy, and each patch introduces new ones. Very poor quality game.
 

cainrandom
39 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
505.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2018
Just forced myself to finish the game, unless you are a die hard Homm fan do not bother with this game.The overall quality is poor, maps are repetitive and unimaginatives, balance is bad and the game still has many bugs.
 

Coulombe737
35 products in account
6
26 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
First impression: A step backward visually. The UI and heads up display are low resolution. The magic menu is too busy. The whole thing feels unpolished. In an time when all companies are striving for the cleanest, simplest interface, this game is a large step backward.

I've been a fan of Heroes games since the beginning. I'm hoping I can adjust to the messy, busy interface. They are different games in many ways, but the overall impression reminds me of Heroes 4--another game I tried hard to love.

I don't think I'll regret owning this game; I like having a full collection. But I may regret paying the new-release price for it.
 

ChuckRyan
132 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
81.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2016
I don't know what happened back in 2015, I see a lot of pissed off people down below. I installed the game, it runs well, no crashes. The bugs are fixed in patch 1.7

For the over-thinkers, for the HMM series fan(atics), for the monkeys that imitate others with comments and for the haters I have a message: You people can't enjoy anything in this life if all that you do is criticize.

I also played HMM 4 and 5 but I have no reasons to make comparisons. This is how a franchise survives: it brings back some elements from the old episodes but it also has new elements. It makes sense! Does it matter what is new and what is old? The game is a whole as it is with all these elements, and no, it is not an expansion of part 3, 5, 6 or whatever.

I do not agree with the most critics in this section. The critics are contradictory if you spend a while to read. The game is great and it is pleasant to spend time in HMM7. If you want to see how it is watch the videos and conclude on your own, but don't read these comments. People are crazy these days.
 

Miaz
34 products in account
3
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
191.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2015
spent 150 hours on this game. i LOVE hom&m series ever since heroes 2. and i gotta say this was a major letdown, i wont write about all the bugs, the graphics, the "missing race" or anything like that.

just gonna write about 1 thing. the "strong story narrative" that they promised in the description is nowhere to be seen. just the fact that you play 6 "stories" that has NOTHING to do with the "main story" makes you feel like you've been playing in an expansion of heroes 6 - the untold stories or some other crap. you cant even understand when the game takes place, or how long ago was heroes 6.

the only semi-bright side was the haven story arc, which had some nice objectives. all the rest? utter crap that was probably made for the previous game, and was executed poorly.
 

Valar
262 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2020
Recommended to get the Unofficial Communty Patch to play this game properly. Story wise, not as good as the previous installment, but gameplay wise is bearable to play. 7/10 No Inferno faction, but not a deal breaker.
 

Caligula
722 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
64.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Game is fun although I agree with a lot of the comments about what needs to be improved. Having said that though, loading campaign games ends with an error saying the game isn't working. Only seems to happen to me with the campaign mode, specifically the elven one; however, other people have noted the same crashing error when loading other modes. Since the game is unplayable in some areas, I'm gonna have to give this a thumbs down. I'll edit this if/when they patch this and the other gameplay issues up
 

Seabass McKraken
263 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
1. This game is buggy as hell. Crashes, negative exp for fights, resetting levels of heroes endless turns (my hero reseted his move points for about 10 times during a single turn) and more stupid things happens from time to time.
2. Inadequate tooltips (at least in Russian). For example when I first got the heal spell during the campaign I read its tooltip and it said: heals 0-0 hp to damaged units ressurecting any dead units if it can. While at first heal does not resurrect and moreover it heals for a bit more than 0. Overall it's extremly common that tooltip gives you a range of damage and you deal damage lesser or greater than possible.
3. AI is really bad. While on the tactical map it barely works (it's awfull: it can not focus fire stacks, never waits even if it is reasonable, can try to kill a fire elem with fire... But combat AI never was a strong part of heroes), on the strategic map it's almost useless - it ignores loot, travels with empty heroes to your lands and more stupid things.
4. Campaign story is really boring. And campaign is too easy even on the highest difficulty level (it will be easy even if they increase all enemy troops by a factor of 1.5) almost all battles can be easily win with no losses, but AI is stupid and plays them very poor so autocombat is not a variant. This makes campaign even more boring, playing all subcampaigns looks like a torture (i gave up to boredom after one and a half).

 

adavydow
193 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2016
So far I've completed two campaigns, the faceless one and the elf one, both on Hard Difficulty but the AI is so dumb that the campaign maps feel so boring as they always take a good few hours to complete but there seems to be very little challenge; not like there was in previous Heroes games. Battling the enemy heroes and conquering their towns provides very little satisfaction as a result because there was never really any threat of them managing to repel your attacks because as I say the AI seems to be very stupid, using nothing in way of tactics to defeat you and their armies are never really that threatening in the first place. I have noticed that half the time they seem to have caravans full of creatures all gathered in one place at their base and you simply have to walk up and defeat them one by one. The enemy towns never seem to be built up either and the enemy spread their troops amongst five or six heroes so none of them pose a threat. I've been a fan of the heroes of might and magic games for a long time now but this one is, whilst graphically very nice looking, probably the most boring of the lot to play. At least in heroes 6 managing to complete a level felt like a challenge, whereas here the feeling is just meh. I can't even be bothered to explore that much and collect resources etc. or even level up my hero because the levelling up will happen very quickly and there is always a max level that is achieved very early on in each level. All you have to do is just gather the bare minimum of troops and walk over to where the enemy are and you win every time. I will try the next campaign on Heroic but I can't imagine it will be much different!
 

tf7369
438 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
87.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2015
Knowing Ubisoft as many of us do, I did not preorder MM7. That played out well for me as it released in the fashion I have come to expect from them. By all accounts the game was heinous and unplayable. So I ignored it. Until I started to see positive reviews float from the depths, mentioning patch 1.6 as finally releasing a finished, playable and enjoyable game. I dared not to hope... But it was also on steam sale... I took the plunge.....

And sunk into the warm, comforting bath water of a heroes of might magic game. 7 sees the return of resources and spells and mage guilds, but keeps the area control around towns. The skill dots of 6 also forgotten, now having a wheel where you can take various skills to grand mastery, mastery, expert or novice depending on your class, of which each faction has 6. Before you get overwhelmed with choice note that 6 are the same for every faction, 3 might and 3 magic with an agressive, defensive and balanced version of each. You can plan ahead, make very different heroes with different playstyles on every map... A great experience.

The game is ready to be played, it is fun, it is worthy of it's lineage.

Maybe next time Ubi wont fart out a half cooked game? Doubt it
 

Vanaxis
152 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2018
Game has some decent features, and improvement on many of the ubisoft titles, but the AI is kind of biased towards enemies, even if you fight a random encounter against enemy archers and decide to auto-battle, the game just has your archers defend constantly while the enemy archers attacks you. Some of the campaign maps are very difficult, particularly the second sylvan map. The enemy orcs start out able to lightning bolt one shot your entire party in the first week, and guides online are useless since none of them match. But if you are a masochist you might like the game. I find the camera on this very annoying also.
 

Max
247 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Product refunded

I preordered this. This game is a disgrace to the HOMM series. Nothing is on par with HOMM3, INCLUDING GRAPHICS.
 

Raditz
577 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
266.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2019
Not sure why people hate this game so much? Found it to be just as enjoyable as the previous 2 editions. Game's not perfect but if there's a sale going on ... go for it.
 

rcha8
248 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2017
I bought this game pretty early but start to play it recently. There are still some bugs now but the game is ok to play. It is a surprise to me that I enjoyed the game pretty much after having read so many negative reviews. I hope the game can be further optimized. A typical bug I found and took advantage of, is the magic Blizzard which always to lock melee ranged enemy inside the 4x4 blizzard region if the enemy creature finds that it cannot move to a target within one turn. And I don't know whether it is my own experience or not that the AI seems pretty weak even if you choose the strongest one.
 

Akioz
118 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
256.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
First of all, i have to say i installed this game for the first time after patch 1,6 was out. cant tell how it was before BUT:

Guys, if i read the reviews i would normally think this game must be T.R.A.S.H but let me tell you:

THIS IS BEST PART WITH PART 3 TOGETHER!! THIS GAME DID NOT CRASH ONCE AFTER 50+ HOURS OF PLAYING!!

(yes it does have a small bug here and there but nothing gamebreaking at all)
Everything summed up-this game is MUST HAVE FOR ALL FANS!!
 

FreakazoiD
123 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
So I read alot of "Not recommend" reviews and decided to offer some counterpoints, since it feels like some of those are not really well argued and written after 30 min or so of playing. Sure, it does not top Homm3, but I doubt that any new Homm ever will. So I recommend this game to any fan of the series and here is why:

+ Looks good (way better than 6, due to Unreal engine)
+ Campaign is interesting
+ Towns are not the cluster♥♥♥♥ that Heroes 6 offered. This includes the looks, the upgrade tree (magic guild are back, choices which buildings to make / upgrade etc), ressources (7 this time) and overall design
+ New units
+ Characterprogression way better than Heroes 6

Negatives:
- Weird cutscenes (3D-Models that are not animated with a voiceover - looks really cheap)
- Combat tooltips wrong sometimes (units retaliate even though the tooltip says they wont)
- Objectives not always clear (talking about campaign)

To adress some of the complaints in other reviews: I didnt have one crash in about 7,5h of playing. The sounds in combat do feel sluggisch, thought higher tier units tend to have way more satisfying sfx. Yes, Uplay, whatever, doesnt really bother me.

All in all: if you are interested and can afford it without hesitation, you should pick this game up and enjoy it for what it is: a solid Heroes expirience and a huge upgrade from part 6. Else just wait until it goes on sale.
 

Tehgnarr
156 products in account
1
32 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
Update:

I updated to Windows 10, considering that maybe they tested more on a newer OS (I was on 7, still hits minimum reqs), and maybe I was right!

The game is running fine for me now, except for one crash and one bug on a map, but this is all before the update that was just released today, 10/14/2015. I've been playing 8 player FFA singleplayer (my favorite way to play Heroes), and I've had a great time.

Overall, I think they took great parts of previous releases and put them together in a clean way.

Magic: They went back to the style from HoMM3 where you upgrade your mage guild and get a new set of spells. Plus, you can select your desired sphere of magic, and it'll ensure you get at least one spell of that per level. Also, each faction has its own specialization that you will always get, and one that you will never get. For example, Haven always gets one Light spell, and never gets Dark, and on top of this you choose the other type you always want to get. I think this is the best magic system I've seen in HoMM so far, from playing 3, 5, 6, and now 7.

Graphics: The graphics are not so much noticeably better than 6, but they are better. In some ways you can really tell, but either way, they're up to date for 2015.

Towns: town building feels like HoMM3 and I really enjoy the style of the towns so far. You have a good set of options early on for what you want to build, and there are hard decisions to make, like when you should save up for more expensive buildings, or just buy extra units and go fight battles. For several buildings, you have two options (+X harpies or +X gnolls?), and for your core 7 creature, you have two different versions. This is a really strong aspect of this release. For example, Dungeon has the Cave Hydra or the Shadow Dragon, and each have their own upgraded version. It's a fun feature.

Also, the caravans are a great feature, as well as some spells that you may have which allow you to summon units from your town to your hero (a dark spell, maybe some others).

Heroes: The heroes level up and have skill points you can drop into different areas, and 3 "ultimate" skills, one unique per faction. This has been really fun so far. I've had a Stronghold hero that did massive damage after fully upgrading the special stronghold "Bloodrage" skill set, and I've had Dungeon creatures that can walk through enemies, flank them from the rear and attack twice, without retaliation! It sounds unfair, but this is very late game, and it takes a while to build your hero to the level where they can do this. Either way, the game just came out and balancing will take time.

Battles: One thing that I think is a huge step ahead: flanking! If you attack from the sides you do extra damage, and from the rear you do a good percent more. Upgrades can make this even more damaging. You will have to think hard about placement so that you can flank someone with the right creature and do massive damage, also possibly having special abilities that are faction specific that work when you flank from the rear.

The Bad: As for steps back, inferno isn't here! I'm betting it's coming in DLC, but that was a core faction that we all loved.

Overall, I heartily recommend the game as the next in the series, and it looks like it'll be up there with 5 and 3 for me. It was a really sloppy release, but they have probably worked their asses off to get the patch out the door two weeks later. I've been fine in windows 10 so far, but with 7, it wouldn't even run, at least before the patch.

Cheers!

Previous review: This game crashes a ridiculous amount. I can't run the default 64 bit binary or it'll just crash before even showing the splash screen. If I run the 32 bit one, I can get started to play, but usually it'll just crash before the game loads.

I've only managed to get a decent 1v1 game going with an AI, and it crashed when I was winning and attacked their castle. I just tried to do 2v2 hotseat with a friend and 2 AIs, and it crashed before the game loaded. Twice, different maps.

I was so excited for this game, but sadly, it's broken. Wait until they actually finish the game before considering purchasing.

If they don't fix this, this is the end of the HoMM story for me. I'm certainly not pre-ordering the next one. I thought I'd at least get to play a buggy game, but no, if I'm lucky I get a splash screen.
 
A developer has responded to this review

ogresav
1,017 products in account
1
28 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I loved HMM2, was CRAZY about HMM3, wasn't impressed for HMM4, Didn't like HMM5, absolutly hated HMM6, and today i'm playing HMM7 with a lot of fear and doubts.
First of all I played the campain for 5 min and i got a really bad feeling about it.
They didn't even get the character animated during the cinematic... WTF?!
So it pissed me off and after about 15 min of campain i was like "nononononononono i'm just gonna try a normal game"
So i tried..
and it was not too bad!
-Graphism are not the greatest but it do the job (honestly i don't care about that for a HMM)
-The good old system for the castles is back with the 7 different types of ressources (which is pretty cool)
-the heroes upgrade is intuitive but i don't really like the wheel
-I found the IA a bit slow, I played a 4 players map and I sometimes have to wait a bit for my turn (even if i put the IA speed at 400%)
-castles upgrade is nice and with a bit of tactics (but really not much)
-good nostalgic feeling building up my 1000 skeletons before roaming on the map :D
-auto combat available against neutral army i like it (and it sometimes play better than me haha)
So overall it's not too bad. Not the greatest HMM and i will most probably not touch the campaign before i got nothing left to do but definitly better than the crazy system from HMM6 and good enough for me to spend a lot of hours on it.
I would still recommand it, and if i could give it a grade, I would say 6/10 maybe more if the campaign is good (but again i got a really bad impression of it)
 

Woup
207 products in account
3
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2019
It is a great deal like MM6 but seems more fluid. The game is like the classic you remember but with a new graphic art. The magic and battle field may take a little adjustment but a few games will set you straight. I do HATE the fact that UBISOFT launcher is required....REALLY hate that part.....Wish it was all steam based and not via another launcher.
 

Levok
343 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
62.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 4
Too mutch bug when you reload a saved game. Unplayable game, v-sync error all time.
 

COYOTE
31 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2017
wow cant belive how far the heroes of might and magic franchise have fallen i know heroes 4 was a garbage but parts 2 3 and 5 were masterpices good job ubisoft for killing a legendary game
 

zoom
117 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
125.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
For anyone who loved HMM3, this is the one you've been waiting for. The installments in between ranged from not capturing the feeling to downright hot garbage. With 7 they finally got it right again.
It is a little buggy, especially multiplayer online but we put up with the downsides to play. It's our favorite turn based strategy hands down. Too bad this is the last new HMM we'll probably ever get.
 

truthsdeceit
101 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2017
I like it. I haven't experienced any bugs with the game. I reminds me a lot of Heroes III which I'm nostalgic for. I like being able to choose how to level up my hero. The random map feature is cool. Like Heroes III the campaign seems poorly balanced to me.
 

The Aide
515 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Pretty decent game.
Uplay is no longer really there, thou it starts up, the integration with steam seems smoother.

Likewise the gameplay is smooth and playing without issues, and pretty decent graphic.
Overall it feels like a game following up the series as it should.
A of smiliarties, but expanding branches makes it a worthy purchase.

I'd recommend the game.
I'm unsure why so many write negative reviews... admittingly many seems to be simply annoyed about uplay.. still can't figure out why you'd buy a game, that you will write a negative review based on prinsipp rather than experience.
 

SnowWolf
634 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
186.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2019
Completed this game a long time ago. A typical Heroes of Might & Magic game. The same good old fun HOMM mechanics and challenging enough AI that you can play for hoursss. The same old terrible story-telling, terrible cutscene animations, forgettable characters and buggy game play are still there. It seems that time has always stood still for this series. Nothing has changed.. lol

So I can't really decide if I can recommend this game or not.. (That is why I wrote this review so much later) All I can say is that I played over 180+ hours to complete this game and it's free dlcs. And if you enjoy the good old HOMM mechanics and the challenging enough AI or if you are new to this series and want to try the famed good old fun HOMM mechanics, everything is still there for you in this game. Just take note that ALL the short-comings I mentioned above that plague this series are also still there... lol
 

BungeeGumJZ
79 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
85.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2015
At its core, there is a fun game here. The creature abilities are interesting and the battles are fun. Further, when you're just going around stomping creatures on the map, the auto batttle is handy; if you lose more troops than you care to accept, you can still choose to fight the battle manually. I like the ability wheel in this game more than I liked the ability selection in any of the prior games.

However... it does have issues. The low performance on this game is insane. The graphics are suitable, but that's it. There's no reason it should run as slowly as it does. The cut scenes? At first I actually thought they weren't playing correctly because I have an older computer. However, I got online and started reading and realized that no, there is no animation. Is that just laziness? Did Ubi think they developed such a good game that there was no need for animation, that the story would speak for itself? It's just an oddly lazy decision to decide not to animate the game.

If you're a big Heroes fan, go ahead and buy this; it can be enjoyable. If not... well, move along, nothing to see here. This should not be somebody's introduction to the Heroes franchise. Heroes III, V or VI would be much better.

I will give this a tentative recommendation.
 

MadPorcupine
29 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Really like this game atm ^^ Runs smoothly with just one bug encountered after 10 hours of playing the game. Graphics are nice and well in line with the other mmh games. Units look good and gameplay is fun. Campaign is long as hell with approx 100hr of gameplay.
I’m well aware of the ppl that are struggling with bugs, which I find weird since the game is running smoothly for me. Hopefully the devs will fix the problems people are encountering pretty fast.
 

Axenite
393 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2020
This game is full of guess what to do next crap that is designed to waste your time
Campaign should be an enjoyable experience, if i want to play riddle or puzzle games i would have bought them instead

Also ai is so ♥♥♥♥♥ dumb that it makes combat very bland and repetitive, every single battle goes the same and you cant autoresolve it as you are going to take many losses

it has great potential but falls short compared to older titles
 

Kragat
77 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2015
I've loved every Heroes of Might and Magic game. except this one. The intro is great, but the game itself is awful. On the one hand the graphics are so hard on my laptop that it takes forever to even load up the main menu. To so much as get one hero to move once takes half a dozen attempts due to some pathfinding problem.

On the other the graphics don't even look good. They look like an attempt at a painting by someone who has only ever done technical drawing. When you clicked on a town or city in any other HOMM game you got an impressive, atmospheric feel like you were actually inside a fantastical settlement. The music, the individual buildings, in each different type of settlement added to the atmosphere, which was very different for each faction. Heroes VII could be any other computer game out there. Just a set of flow charts and boxes with some half-hearted graphics added. The campaign map and the battle map heroes and terrain may be 3-D, but they look hollow and empty - and downright weird.

It's like whoever made the game had a Heroes of Might and Magic game described to them but had never actually seen one - kind of like a medieval European drawing of an elephant by someone who'd never seen one but only heard one described. I get the feeling the designers were given a contract to make a Might and Magic game and then were whispering to one another "but what is a Heroes of Might and Magic?".

I thought maybe it was just the campaign that was the problem, so i went back to it and started it up again and tried a scenario. No, it's the entire game. I'd love to be able to love this game. I don't mind changes when they're improvements - despite some people panning Heroes VI i loved it. Yes, having to sign up to uplay to install and play it was a bit annoying at first, but it was still a great game that kept the best of the series and added improvements. And you can actually set Heroes VI and uplay to run in offline mode. But Heroes VII? I can barely even look at the thing.

Heroes VII does (eventually, and very slowly) run on my laptop- the patches seem to have sorted a lot of the initial problems - but it's just unbearable to even look at it,
 

dmcf
76 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2021
I legitimately cannot believe someone managed to write dialogue that stilted. Create gameplay that unintuitve or UI that opaque. I want to say more but the english language cannot adequately describe just how bad of an experience that was. the true genius of this game is how scientifically they managed to worsen features from previous versions of the game. The art is worse than homm 3, a game that is more then twenty years old. The combat only removed functionality. There are fewer hotkeys the writing is worst (not worse worst). If you are thinking about buying this, instead consider hitting your pc with a brick. That will provide a better experience and superior return on investment.
 

kingkiller
57 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2021
This makers of this game, although reported over and over again, have still not managed to fix multiplayer desyncs, which happen _every single game_. They are unwilling to pull it from the store, hoping to cash cow more money out of the Homam series, hoping for you to buy their buggy pile of s. I have not seen _any_ update in months, after being in contact with one "developer" on Steam community forums. They are only acting as if they are going to fix it, to instill hope in people, who have not yet tried to play it in multiplayer, that perhaps they are the chosen ones, for whom the game will work. Forget. It. Probably that person with whom I wrote in the community forums wasn't even a developer, but just a scam by the marketing / sales department of Ubisoft, to "keep people engaged", because nowadays everything is optimized for engagement. If only enough people engage with "the product", surely it will make some people buy it. That seems to be the strategy here.

My recommendations: Hands off this one. Not a worthy game for the Homam series.
 

zelphir
66 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2015
- Tons of annoying bugs and glitches
- I do enjoy flat cities, the building tree and overall UI
- I do not enjoy new hero skill "circle" it is completely forced to look different than anything else, why? Old games were wonderful.
- Graphics/map is just V + VI, I find it annoying and I wonder if any 3D game will ever reflect the wonder HOM&M3 was.
- The same, wonky, annoying battlefield with squares that offers no strategy
- Absolutely torn off the wonderful feeling first 3 games had, this is something completely different and no longer feels like HOM&M, it even has different lore. Maybe that's why they even changed the title.
- Why do you have to forcefully shove dark (violet D&D) elves down my throat, am I playing any other fantasy game?
- Campaign is incredibly confusing and weird, there's no joy in the classic game type of building up and exploring anymore, everything HAS TO BE ROLEPLAY AND NEW SCRIPTS AND ADVENTURE OH BOY! Where is my turn based strategy game?
- Where the hell is infernal city? Another DLC I have to buy in order to enjoy Heroes 3 had to offer in basic game?

Dissappointed.
 

xylax
530 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
155.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2016
I was pretty hesitant to purchase this game after the poor reviews I had read regarding bugs and technical issues but I decided to take the leap when it was available on special.

I was surprised to find that the game was quite entertaining. The increased options for the skill wheel accompanied by a more complex town builder means that longer skirmishes don't become stale after the first few weeks. I also like the addition of choices between certain buildings providing a bit more meaning to building choices and a bit more variety for replay value.

That being said I would not recommend paying full price for this game. While entertaining, issues with multiplayer and a rather limited selection of factions and maps means you won't get the same hours out of it as you would other games in the series. Additionally the expansion price is ludicrous at $40, offering only a single faction.

If you're like me and enjoy some hotseat or online multiplayer than maybe have a crack at heroes V or VI before playing this and hope the price drops to something more reasonable in the future.

PROS:

-Nice graphics
-Interesting new building mechanics
-Nice variety of Spells to choose from
-Skill wheel offers some decent replay value
-Some interesting new creatures to see

CONS:

-Overpriced
-Limited number of factions (where have Inferno gone?!)
-Limited number of maps
-Buggy online play
-Issues with memory usage over extended period of time
-Insanely overpriced expansion
 

Professor Chaos
174 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
873.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2019
Always ready for a new Might and Magic game, but this one ultimately is more trouble than it might be worth.

If you want to play LAN or Multiplayer, be aware that it's a real crapshoot as to whether or not the game will remain stable enough to finish.

If you want to play single-player, be aware that often times your abilities will show that they will pierce multiple enemy stacks only to pierce one.

If you want to play the campaign, then see above.

Overall it's a pretty standard Heroes game with a substandard optimization. Zounds, Bugs.
 

CaptainJaws
193 products in account
4
5 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2019
I mean it's good it's really good.I don't get why people are hating on it
 

Locus
480 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
I'm a big fan of the franchise, and I even enjoyed 6. This seems like it was trying to be what HoMM3 was, but it feels like it has no heart and even though its competent, its disappointing. It pains me to say it, but I very much do not recommend this game. If you would like to know why, I would direct you to TotalBiscuit's review of it, as it pretty well encapsulates everything wrong.
 

Gnomejon
527 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2018
I don't understand all the negative reviews. The game is fun and it works. My only complaints would be in hero balance, as some are considerably more broken than others. The graphics are nice and I've had no trouble running it. The factions are unique and fun in their own ways and play very differently from eachother. Just one thing, ubisoft pls dont make everyone subordinate to haven in heroes 8 kthx
 

LasTeaR
293 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
203.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
As a fan of this series since HOMM 3 I have been truly enjoying this game. Closer to 3 than any game since I look forward to playing this through in the comming weeks. If you are a fan you should be able to have fun playing this newest inception.
 

Captain Wizard
129 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
217.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2016
I recently bought the HOMM3 for my pad after 10 years of not playing that game. Since that game the series have mostly been falling apart it seems like. This game is definetly not as fun as the first one, but much better than the last game in the series. Now they wont release any more bug fixes or such since the collaboration with some companies got scwered. I hope they later manage to ressurect the game series as well as they managed to do with Tomb Raider. One can hope.
 

Telomina
82 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2016
I like this a lot better then Heroes VI. So far better storyline and I love the change for developing your town. That interface is pretty awesome! Will update more as I play.
 

Sprifir
67 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2016
I haven't played this for a long time as some may notice - I bought the game to play it with my boyfriend in the hopes of it having simultanious turns (unlike VI), because from what I could tell it did have simultaneous turns.

Yeah..

So it turns out it does, BUT whenever someone enters combat everyone is forced to either watch the whole battle og watch a loading screen showing the progress of the battle in the meantime. And you don't get a warning - I was in the middle of choosing xp og gold from a chest and booom I had to watch combat.
We both uninstalled pretty quickly and got our money back.

So if you plan on buying it for the multiplayer part, just be aware that you have to wait whenever someone is in combat.
 

Shinoangel
131 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 20
Yeah ive never made a review before. But this game has made me angry enough to write one.
There's 4 things i don't like about this game.
Starting with the lesser to worst.
1 i don't like the small hero portraits. If this game is supposed to be a more advanced successor to homm3.
We should have beautiful 3d models of heroes! Put some work into the game!
2 the city areas should again be beautiful 3d environment. Not some lazy Sprites some artist made.
3 combat is pretty dull. Missle units have the same exact camera angle. Boring!
Units constantly want to get behind you to attack. After 50x this is boring!
4 the major one!
This dam game is always deactivating itself! Seems like every 2 weeks i have to get on Steve and fix the dam thing so it will work again!
Every time I try to play it. It gives me an error and won't work! Did I not pay for a game i can play?!
 

championartist
32 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
76.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2015
Great core game and great franchise. This is a potential 10/10 AAA masterpeice which unfortunately was neutered to a 5/10 by releasing the game before it was polished. I believe in the developers and designers ability to build the game properly, but I don't feel like they were given the chance.

Lots of minor issues.

-Lack of good sound design does the game a disservice. The sound pitch increases with an increase in animation speed (wtf?)
-Some of the combat animations stall the gameplay sequences unnecessarily
-Not a core multiplayer game, playing against the AI provides no challenge, and the RPG element is not enjoyable, so then what is the game really about in the long term? Building and battling larmies, conquest, and strategy. But, I don't really feel the execution of it stood out.
-Story focuses on individual characters and lacks a grander scheme, big picture, or struggle
-RPG elements in the campaign are silly
-Annoying small bugs and issues here and there
-Lack of content outside the campaign (little maps)
-Maps seem overly complex to make, which is a good thing for the breadth of things that can be done, but prevented the quantity of good maps made by developers, and players alike.

I will still recommend the game, but not to new HOMM players. We are few now.
 

The Director
22 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2017
I played most of the previous HOMM games. And I have been playing this one (homm7) in campaign mode for 22 hours. I feared the worst after the bad reviews, but my impression is that of a solid game, I didn't notice any bugs, and I like the game overall better than homm6. Heroes skill trees are better than previous versions for sure.
 

KhaelSUN
43 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2016
the reviews are pretty bad because of the bugs... but they are FIXED NOW.
If you like the Heroes series, you will get lost in this one aswell!
the new ability system is interesting and better than in MMH6.
nice units, cool fights - only disadvantage is no DEMON fraction??? OH c´mon.....

8,5/10 Points
 

septimus
53 products in account
2
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
175.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 11, 2021
Nice evolution of HoMM3 with new mechanics and modern graphics. But also lot of bugs. Sad that developers abandoned it. Could be awesome game.

Could not start game on Ubuntu 18 and 20, just black screen. Steam redirects to Ubisoft. And Ubisoft do not answer. On Windows works fine.
 

NDP
41 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2018
Bugs everywhere, but it surely is fun. New mechanics make it look less like heroes VI spin-off, however game itself seems to be way easier than HoMM5 or HoMM7. Faction balance is crap, in late game necro is unstopable, in early academy crushes armies that are twice as big as ours... I'd recommend it only to hardcore HoMM fans, if You are not in love with the series You will not enjoy it. Let us hope that HoMM8 will be better...
 

Vinylowy
54 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
69.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2016
I have spent a lot of time with this game and I'm going to spend even more but please don't mistake my madness for a true and objective enthusiasm. I'm a self defined so called Heroes series psycho-fan so I will "enjoy" this game even through tears of suffering. Or maybe I have just masochistic nature... Even after all those patches this game still have its problems. It has ridiculous hardware requirements for like absolutely no reason - graphic is just simply said... ugly. I've enjoyed Heroes 5 graphics much more. Also artifacts are disappearing. AI is just dumb. I'm writing this review to list one more thing that not many reviewers address. This game is extremely EASY! I chose "heroic" difficulty hoping for some challenging fun. Unfortunately I didn't get what I was hoping for. I finished two campaigns already literally sweeping the map of any neutral monsters. Not a single time I had this nice feeling of accomplishing something difficult nor had I this pleasant anxiety that something may not go as I planned and that I might be surprised. I feel more like a clown now than a heroic hero... I know that games are getting dumber and dumber because they are part of the pop culture now and not like many years ago - an entertainment for intellectuals. But come on Ubisoft! You just reached the next level in the process of the word's dumbification. And yes - you are partially responsible for creating the Idiocracy! And yes - you are partially responsible for the future collapse of the human civilization due to the Idiocracy! I have a strong feeling that I could complete your game even having half of the brain. Maybe then I would feel challenged by you creation... There is one thing that I can be really thankful to the Ubisoft - maybe thanks to this game I will finally cure myself of this heroes addiction.
 

Bart
67 products in account
2
5 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
383.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2016
So this game gets alot of hate it should have unplayeble bugs etc.
As long as you dont compare it too heroes 3 or 5 this game is great!!!
To be honest i had 0 problems when playing this game and enjoyed it till the end. The story are good and keeps you interested when you play.
The only downside of this game is the multiplayer as far as i checked it out its not that hot and it should take some time before getting a game.
campaign and skirmish maps are all great.
 

Basilisk
160 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
151.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2016
I bought this game when under sale offer and I was dubtful because of a lot of people gave it a bad review. I must to say I have not experienced any of the major bugs someone reported as the impossibility to exchange artifacts between charatcer. I played just on campain mode and in that mode there are some artifacts that can be bound to a specific character so they cannot be traded but this comes with the storyline.
About the heavy graphic i got any trouble at all, I own a PC with 16gb ram and maybe that is why I get not trouble about graphic at all.
I love the storyline of main campaign, it is a nice way to link avery campaign togheter.
In gameplay i love some new introduction like breakable/fixable bridges which adds some iteresting strategic behaivour to players. Each hero is quite unique: even if there are three main skill that can be the really same for each class, every hero has difference in his/her skillwheal that makes important to chose who has to fight, who has to stay at city to get the max buff on resoureces and creature growth.
Campaign and single scenarios in them can be quite a challenge and a good save and reload strategy is the best way to get victory while fighting is not always the best way to win ;-)
 

Gondandur
117 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
272.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Ok, i see what other people seem to dislike about this game, but i think many of them overreact a bit.

Many games get published unfinished these days and sadly this one is not exception, but its not "bad".

In my playtime, it crashed only 2 times! And i can live with that.. because i didnt lose any saves or other stuff, people said they lost.

Further people complained about the not existing "attack-sound" and i see what they mean.. but when u play it longer, then u dont even bother anymore/ u see that that the "groans and screams" of the fighters are enough.

I have more points.. but i just wanted to clerify this.
 

20% More Honesty
118 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2017
its fine but takes a good computer to run
 

Haz
77 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
85.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
When a game has lost it's soul, this is what you get. It just feels dead

Edit: Nowadays you can't even play the game anymore
 

scribly
141 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2019
It's a great strategy game for fantasy lovers and I love getting lost playing long rounds against my friends but playing the campaign alone is just as fun.
 

Gnomi55
73 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2018
Great game with an interesting storytelling style. I've completed several campaigns and played for several hours straight and it hasn't crashed so I'm not sure what all the negativity is about. It's a lot of fun.
 

Negative2k99
674 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
536.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
A lot of crash and other issues. When playing in skirmish with AI, it take forever to pass a round, it should'nt take 10 min!!!
 

the_swamp743
23 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
If you're anything like me. You were very skeptical about the people with 1.3 or even a megalithic 3.7 hours in this game giving it a bad review.

TLDR: AI is very dynamic and adjustable for people looking for a more challenging experience. Those complaining about "slow gameplay" might be new to the series or simply not used to it, being as it is a unique style of startagy game in general that isn't re-created every other day you log-into steam. (Zombie, Survival Sandbox, JRPG, Pixel Grapic Adventure Games, ect.) There have been very minimal bugs in my experiece though this may not be true for everyone. Campaign has been a blast although I did turn voices off because they have rarely been good in any game ever. This game should be cleaned up with a patch and will be solid gold for any true HoMM fan. All this game needs is "3DO" at the beggining to make me smile even more.

I read a lot of complaints about the CGI being "cheap" and I honestly don't care myself so I may seem biased but if you really care about that enough to dislike the entire game then yes I would tell you that the cutscenes aren't mind-blowing. It's such a small fraction of the game though and really not worth being sour about considering whats beneath it all. It's your life, time, and energy though..use it as you like.

The AI is easy enough for begginers at normal difficulty or for someone learning the new dynamics of the game. If you want a real challenge then try Heroic difficulty to make all your masochistic dreams come true. I'm still picking my teeth up off the ground. You can select maps that will take you a few hours to an entire real time week long. Thats one of the reasons I like this game. I can play many different campaign types, start new maps to figure things out, play the same game for a very long time, or go online to play against other human beings. Lots of options on only a vanilla version of the game.

The maps are absolutely beautiful; serious nostaliga rolls in from every corner. The music is awesome, atmospheric, and engaging. Theres a glitch right now as of 10/2/2015 where the music stops looping. In battle this is more obvious but i'm sure this will be sorted out in less than a weeks time.

The skill wheel is awesome. You can build your city at amazing speeds right away with certain skills trees that help economic growth like being able to build twice in each holding every day or increase income of gold and resources. Caravans work wonderfully and when utilized correctly can help the flow of gameplay quite a bit. The maps offer tons of secrets and potential advatages if used correctly, potentially changing the flow of the game. The town screens are very nicely done and the progression tree for each very much pays homage to the older games of this series. You can make your heroes governors of certain holdings to gain great buffs and even spec into different types of magic as you go. The items in the vanilla version so far are awesome. Back to the old school in ways that HoMM VI really detered from.

My favorite part is that I never have to look at Uplay. I booted it up the first time and it asked me to sync my steam account. After I did that I simply just start the game through steam and it starts right away. After i'm done it syncs with the cloud and closes up through a HoMM splash screen on my desktop. I'm easily going to forget what Uplay looks like.

On top of all this, the map editor is absolutely stupendous.This game is a breath of fresh air for the HoMM series..finally! I feel bad for the people who are really frustrated with the game after only a few hours of gameplay but hopefully they get their refunds and move on to another game they truly enjoy playing. As for any of you considering this game.. if you're worried about little bugs just wait a few days to a week. Other than that i'd say pull the trigger. If you like HoMM I think that after you give it an honest try you'll be pleasently suprised.
 

Nahz
797 products in account
4
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
84.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2016
Since the patches- its runs great, has a more classic and less cartoon-ish appearance than the last couple games, and has that addicting "I need to play just one more turn" feel to it.

I've been playing since Heroes of Might and Magic 1... and this is one of my favorates. Still doesnt beat Heroes 3, but its very fun and looks great IMO. Worth buying if you enjoyed the early games.

AI can still use a little tweaking, but thats standard in a HOMM game.
 

SassyDazzle
42 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 31
How do you ♥♥♥♥ up LAN?

HOW DO YOU ♥♥♥♥ UP LAN THIS BADLY?

To get LAN working you need to:

1. Create both inbound & outbound rules for uplay && HoMM that it doesnt create
2. Port forward TCP 27015 in your router
3. Still actually be on the internet because it asks an online server about LAN games instead of scanning / allowing you to enter an IP to connect to.

And once connected the game still manages to desync / despawn mobs and units.

Stay the ♥♥♥♥ away for MP, single player is pretty alright.
 

Kittens
965 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
100.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
this game clearly is a half hearted effort. disappointing.
 

Got Light
42 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
Go purchase any of the other HoMM games. They'll feel newer and more finished than this one. The ball was really dropped here.
 

Frigus
309 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
226.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2018
Lots of singleplayer content.
 

Devil Is a DJ
142 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2017
This game is buggy as hell.

I cannot play this game with my friends without having bugs so we cannot continue.
 

Vegeta
66 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
96.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2016
Multiplayer does not even work stick with previous HOM versions..

Let me say this again.. MULTIPLAYER DOES NOT EVEN WORK

The developers have obviously completely given up on HOM fans and are just tryna suck the fans dry of the last bits of loyalty remaining... i will not be buying another game from any of these devs for a very long time.
 

BlackWulf
252 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2015
Bought this game during the sale despite all the people saying how bad it is. I know it's been broken as balls before, but since 1.6 it's very playable. I'm not defending Ubisoft in anyway, the game was obviously broken before. The disconnects during multiplayer sessions are annoying as hell. However, that's the only bug I've envountered so far. The gameplay is great and I'm having tons of fun playing with friends (when the multiplayer is working) and with the campaign.
I'm no hardcore Homm player, but I did play homm3 alot back in the day, and while nothing will ever live up to that, I think this is a great game, and if Ubisoft keeps working on it, it'll be amazing.
 

Gunter
114 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
340.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
I'm writing third time my review and I would say that trends are very much dissapointing. In the beginning the game was total disaster but after 1.3 patch it was more or less playable (I'm playing multiplayer only).

Now after 1.6 Ubisoft didn't change much from point of view of plenty of bugs and game balance - a total disaster.

Just few examples about balance.

Whole name of game is wrong. It should be something like: Magic and a bit of Might. Magic is just very much overpowered. For instance with well upgraded water magic or with elementals calling you can beat almost any neutrals without losses in your army.

The most overpowered fraction in Stronghold clearly. First of all they have 50% defence from magic (the only fraction has it). Second and even more important that upgraded Gnolls (around 100 units) and Harpies 6x1 can beat a very strong neutrals easily (even in deadly level sometimes). For some reason they are very cheap as well. Comparing to Dungeon for instance where first 3 levels of creatures are clearly worse.

I wrote a report about another bug 23.12 but still no answer. Got just automatic message that they would reply within 48 hours.

Heroes M&M - my favourite game since childhood. But I'm not satisfied with Ubisoft job at all. Looks like they decided to bury this game.
 

pantufl
21 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2020
You won't be able to finish a single game in multiplayer online.
Otherwise the game is good. (Probably the best since Heroes 3) but because i bought this game only to play with a friend online i really regret buying it.
Ubisoft are not planning to fix it either.
 

PsychotikLlama
144 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2015
Patch 1.4 is a HUGE improvement to the graphics and stability! This is now a really fun game, doesn't deserve all the bad reviews. [See https://mmh7.ubi.com/en/blog/post/view/the-road-ahead for plans for future patches]
 

Jstew
41 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2016
so i love this franchise of games, i have been playing since HMM2, loved to play 3 with my brother, 4 was a bit of a dissappointment with the hero interaction, 5 was fun! 6 had a ton of potential...and 7.................I am in the minority it seems, but drawing on what the spirit of this game is and what made it and makes it fun for me ( only my perspective) I LOVE THIS GAME. I have in the last 2 weeks bought 3 more copies for my kids and freinds..I hope to see a DLC with dmeons, Elementals and Dwarves! no i am not a troll, i just have really ejoyed this, it even pulls me away from XCOM 2
 

Lord Vader
111 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
131.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2021
While it's obviously pretty unfair to compare this game to the masterpieces such as HOMM 2 and 3, comparing it to 5 and 6 (we don't talk about 4... ever) is interesting because it does improve on some aspects.

The Heroes 5 visual update, upgrade overhaul with the alternate unit upgrader and the initiative system was phenomenal, and as a sequel it did everything right. Heroes 6 was a downgrade in most aspects, adding very few to the game while also being damn near unplayable and extremely buggy. Not that hard to one up obviously, but HOMM 7 needed to do better than just outperform the mediocre, and it almost did that.

The flanking element is a very creative and good addition which could have added a new element of strategy to the series but since there was nothing to stop a unit on its turn from walking around the unit it was facing in order to get extra damage, you ended up with units backstabbing one another endlessly. The mutual exclusivity of the units makes strategies in general much more "niche", the factions themselves are great. The campaign is extensive, but underwhelming in it's writing and story progression.

TLDR: wait for a sale it isn't that awful ig
 

Alastar
84 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
170.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2017
My son and I have enjoyed playing hotseat coop in this game. One of the few games that still support this game mode. The first game we played was great fun until I got a piece of the map to find the "tear of asha". Then everything kinda stopped working after that... We could no longer pass through the gates separating areas, so we could not finish the game. So, we decided to start over. We used the random map generator and disabled the "tear of asha". We finished that game without a single game crash. We are not tired of it yet, so we have started another random generated map with different factions and everything seems to be working fine. We have really enjoyed this game as much as homm6. I wish you could buy the trial by fire dlc, we would like to have the fortress faction, but $30 seems a bit steep to add one faction to the game...
 

hawglover
87 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
I always have a belief that HOMM 3 is the best in HOMM history, will not be surpassed, and hence should not be used to compare. I did not count how many hours played on 3 but must be thousands.
What makes me playing 7 is indeed all the resemblance of 3.
Let alone of HOMM 3, I think 7 is pretty good, far better than 6, which I gave up after finishing Haven's Campiagn.
Ubisoft finally brings back a lot of elements, creatures from 3 with stunning Graphics, and new skills tree. In terms of Gameplay I think 7 has a better balance on character built on Might & Magic then 3, as 3's magic are way overpowered. But in terms of tactics diversity 3 always win.
 

Reminiscence
23 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2016
Ubi bugs... Yet another terribad take on the lovely HOMAM series from years past.
 

BKatt
237 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2021
Requires Ubisoft Connect program to run and an account with that program, which crashes repeatedly when I try to play the game.
 

laura.blachek
23 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2021
Last Heroes of Might and Magic that I'll purchase, if all versions going forward are 3D... I spend my time trying to zoom in, zoom out, rotating, trying to read the map, it's absolute non-sense.
 

Vdrela
97 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2018
This games bugs ♥♥♥♥ you in the ass.... hard. Have yet to complete a multiplayer game with all of these bugs.
 

Saarick
184 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2018
This game is good if you buy it on sale for cheap. Quality isn't there for fullprice.

I want a game like this in VR but simpler. The VR game would be similar to Brass Tactics because it would have a table top for battles. Walking around the map would be first person and the ability to fly up to see an overview of the map. If I don't see a VR game such as this in the future I will have to make one my self after my VR RPG game I have been working on.
 

danisinsane
196 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
169.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2015
If you're into the genre, and a fan of the M&M franchise as I am... do not waste your money on this game. It's buggy, full of glitches, and honestly feels like a game still in developement. Not to mention if you play for more than two hours (which these types of games require just to get started) you cannot get a refund. There aren't words for the amount of ripped-off I feel after staying so loyal to this franchise. I'm simply praying after a few months, and thousand updates this becomes a Might and Magic game worthy of that title. Stick with VI, or V. Ubisoft... You Owe Me Money... period!!!
 

law.shappell
29 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2015
Clearly this was a must buy for me - have played might and magic games all the way since the original King's Bounty on my 386 on CGA. I was initially put off by the negative reviews, but as they were mostly due to bugs related to the initial releaser, I waited a few months before purchasing.

This is my initial experience:
My experience with patch 1.6 has not seen the recurrent crashes and game ending bugs. I am almost done with the first campaign and the game has been stable. There are a few improvements over the past iteration, such as being able to easily set up caravans to ferry troops from one city to another, as well as a well thought out ability tree - at least for the Haven general abilities. Haven't had much opportunity to use spells, but I'm having a blast of a time.

All I can say is that if you have been putting off getting HOMM7 because of the bugs, I think this is not a bad time to get in. I would positively recommend this game if you love any of the previous HOMM iterations. It is feeling better than HOMM4, slightly less engaging than 5, and I prefer the graphics over 6, even though the lips don't move! (I think if they were going to use their 3D models in static positions, I would have preferred 2D art during the cut scenes).

All in all a fun game in the vein of previous HOMM.
 

TheSpleen
353 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2020
I hate UPLAY!
 

Inferno912
132 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
198.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2020
Game is meh and crashes constantly now. Lacks town conversion and the DLC is a rip. No good mods and Ubisoft has an really annoying second account that they force you to make so you can play.
 

seanm8
64 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2015
Do not waste your time and money on this game. Go play Heroes 5 or 3 if you want the heroes experience
 

Doodle
158 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
62.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2021
Game is trash way too many bugs, including the A.I. army's double attacking with every creature... The last version of HOMM worth playing sadly is V and even that the steam version crashes quite frequently.
 

StilLeGit
47 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2021
That Ubisoft launcher is annyoing and has poor usability. I dont want to have dozens of launchers (Rockstar, Ubisoft, EpicGames). Just let me start that stupid game from steam.

I already stopped buying Ubisoft games (like Far Cry which I would really like to play). Other launchers dont have the same functionalities (like setting non-standard controllers like Dual Shock 5).
 

arronaxx88
110 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
293.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2018
I feel 90% of the negativity on here is uncalled for. I guess yeah maybe I will encounter a serious bug that ruins the game yet. Haven't so far. If you liked Heroes V, this game is a lot more like Heroes V than the direction they took in Heroes VI. When VI came out a lot of people ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about how you only have 3 resources and blah balh and shouldn't have changed this and shouldn't have changed that, now they brought a lot of the things back and here we go - people seem to ♥♥♥♥♥ even more. If you don't want to play Heroes games, don't buty any of them! Simple! Keep occupied with something else. If you do - get this one. As far as I am concerned it's a solid game that falls in line with the rest of the older ones. Quite nicely at that. Swordmasters are pretty damn awsome. Can wait for sale, though. It is kind of short for the $50 they want. One more thing. I also have the feeling a lot of the people who cite "frequent crashes" and etc. probably just barely meet the system requirements. I am running this on a 4GB GTX 970 (in theory beyond the recommended) and it has the PC resources stretched thin. If you try running it on minimum requirements...I can see how it could be a problem. That, agian, is not necessarily the game's fault.
 

josefmac
103 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2016
I have been playing Hero Games since Heroes III, and it has been one of my favorite games. As a turn based strategy game it always felt unique and epic. The formula seemed pretty simple to make a successful Heroes game, cool units simple UI, and a good story. Unfortunately Heroes VII failed on all fronts. I ended up playing this game less hours then I usually would for one game of hotseat with my friends in the earlier versions. Starting with the story, you get to listen to lifeless manniquins talk about things that are happening in the past, it has nothing to do with the trailer at all. Maybe later it does but it was too bad to play it. The UI sucked and a few times I tried to trade items between heroes and the disappeared. Some might like the version of haven being roman-like, however to me that was really weird. They don't seem like romans at all. All in all I am pretty salty about this game.
 

Tonkatheturtle
353 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2016
I have played many hours in Heroes III, V, & VI and enjoyed them all. Then when I started up Heroes VII I was already worried. The opening scene with lifeless, emotionless character models was the first sign of what a failure of a game this turned out to be. The campaign was made up of 6 random dissconnected stories, that I did not care about whatsoever. The combat and gameplay was dull and not up to heroes standards. And the life and soul of the game was dead, therefore I couldn't enjoy this game at all. If you have had a bad experience with this game I insist you try one of the other Heroes games if you haven't already.
 

arthasisop
296 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
69.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2016
This game has not recieved a single update that fixes any of the major problems since its release this game used to be an amazing series but now its just total ♥♥♥♥ the same way EA turned Command and Conquer into total ♥♥♥♥.
 

ŁǾç'.|BloodRaven
174 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
63.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2021
I have loved the Heroes of Might and Magic fan since HoMM 3. However, the most recent game is so buggy and poorly optomized that I cannot recommend this game to anyone. The creators really phoned this one in and didn't care about it. Just profiting from people like me who loved the game from the past.
 

Ginjikun13
33 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2018
Disappointment. Stick to HoMM3 or 5 and avoid this rubbish.
 

Smus
946 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
Enjoyed the game until I experienced the know bug that corrupts your saved games. Unplayable IMHO until this bug is fixed.
 

Murgen
91 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
It remembers me a little of the realese of BF4... Bugs everywhere, even gamebreaking ones. You will be punished, if you're too good for this game. It seems, they were not really this game.
At this point, it was a waste of money to buy this game. Better play HOMM V, if you want a great game.

Maybe they managed to patch this game, but I don't think, it will be playable in the next months
 

ExDeath
899 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2016
After looking through so many reviews and noticing that there is a lot of happy and unhappy people I really debated on whether I really wanted to buy this game. I have played roughly about 20+ hours thus far. I have noticed that there are still a few bugs, but they all have been rather negligible. Now onto the actual gameplay, if you have ever played any of the earlier versions of Heroes then you'll have to readjust from the past few releases of Heroes. This one is an attempt to return to the idea that you have to out wit or focus on the objective of the scenario. Otherwise it will be rather hard to get started on trying to get a large army up and steam roll your computer opponent. I say this because most of the CPU heroes are OP to start of each scenario. Meaning that they can easily wipe your entire army out in a matter of a few short turns. Now there is a draw back on the how the CPU player was set up and that is the computer does not really do much once you defeat the first few OP oppenents because it builds in its town, but alas it does not ever seem to do much with actually buying a building an army afterwards.
Overall the game is a huge resource hog just as Heroes VI was so I would be wary if you don't have a decent computer to handle the game. Also it is challenging at first and can come with a bit of trial and error (aka aggrivation for some), but once you figure out what to do you can easily overpower the computer and walk around as the army of annihilation over an ignorant CPU player. This is not a game meant for everyone so be warned.
 

Gonest
370 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
87.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I wanted to love this game, I really did. I liked literally every single HoMM game, all the way up to 6 and including its misbegotten child, 4. HoMM7, however, deserves no love.


It is, at best, an unfinished project.
At worst, a mockery of all that Might & Magic stands for.

The animations and sound are worse than they were in V. The creature sounds in particular are even more sloppily done than before - it seems they let an intern play around with a soundboard from HoMM2 and applied a filter over it.

The gameplay itself tries to return to the HoMM1/2/3 roots while retaining most of the mechanics from V and VI, both the good ones and the clunky ones - the result is something that has absolutely no synergy and is generally just confusing.

The creature/faction balance is good, however. The addition of flanking adds a new depth to the battles, which make them as fun as we're used to. It is, unfortunately, a pearl floating on a pigsty. A very large pigsty.

The game itself is pretty, but things get very weird and jarring - the 'cutscenes' are a horrible mess of 3d characters that don't even get to have animations, the soundtrack is mostly HoMM VI's almost track-by-track.

In short: the game brings nothing new to the table and only serves as a disappointment. Pick it up on 50% sale or more. At full price, it's a mockery. Just get VI or V - VII is a rushed, unfinished project that is barely fit for an open beta, let alone a 50€ release.

5/10. Brings very few things new to the table and retains all the clunkiness that plagued otherwise-excellent installments. Stick to the older games.
 

Man With Knife
281 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
126.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
I love this game. Nice units and good gameplay. Interesting campaign. However, I can only play for 20-30 min. Game constantly freezing and I have to restart the PC. It is unacceptable. Good game that you cannot play is a bad game. I will not recommend this game. I will never buy Ubisoft product again.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Alex
28 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2018
Product received for free

I was hesitant with supporting ubisoft buying a game from them. A friend however, wanted to play it with me and gave it to me.

I have enjoyed heroes before and honestly, i enjoyed this game so far aswell.

The issue is the bugs. After the game has been out for quite a few years, there are still disconnect issues, desync issues, joining lobby issues, reloading saved multiplayer games etc. etc.
A game in this state does not deserve being supported with any purchase at all. Therefore I really cannot recommend it
 

Tahulrik
166 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
99.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2015
Just too buggy right now, too many crashing bugs, they fixed the save game load but now it crashes when you start battle. I WANT to like this game but its wasting too much of my precious time. Ive uninstalled and will check back in a few months.
 

immagikman
624 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
I played HMMVII A good deal yesterday, and I really enjoyed it. Today, the game will not launch. You shouldn't charge people money until your game works correctly. It's been out since Tuesday, so apparently the game was not ready. If you take my money and do not give me a product, it's called stealing.
 

killroyjones
141 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
One evening:
> 3 crashes
> Bloodborned loadings
> awful map rotation
> flash-like drawn castle screens
> one soundtrack (battle) directly from DooM II

I've been a fan of series since HoMM 3. I've been waiting for this game since the announcement date. I've pre-purchased it, I believed in it. And I still try to hope that I was not so wrong.
I'll try and look for some perfect balance, maybe they still have it there.
 

Kseron
1,513 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
186.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 9
If you just want to play through the campaign, for the most part it now works and is fun..

But that said, the game is sadly still very buggy. And even though I don't mind bugs that just make the game a bit easier or harder ... This just has too many that don't just do that, but can completely break the game..
Most how they implemented saving/loading is very broken..
So general protip if you are gonna play though: Avoid loading once in game at all costs. Luckily if you kill the game load fresh, things are fine.. It's just reloading while playing causes insane bugs that can completely break everything, and even corrupt your further save games.

And the games not very hard so avoiding save scumming and just accepting your choices like this, works.

There is an unofficial patch, but the most major engine related issues they haven't / can't fix because they mainly just patch by using the built in modding system, which just allows you to overwrite most things, but not the core game logic. So unless someone can figure out how to decrypt the main pak files or reverse engineer the .exe , we will be out of luck of ever having a completely stable heroes VII .
 

Axer128
641 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I am an avid M&M player and have enjoyed almost all of the games in the series up to this point. I feel like with this game I was the vitctim of a bait and switch. The game is functional as a M&M game, but the production value is highly lacking for the price tag.

The "cinematics" are just still 3D shots with the characters talking over them, which is extremely clunky to look at and is awkward to watch. The ingame graphics are stiff are frankly they are worse than M&M 6, which is odd to take a step backwards. Lastly the combat is lacking in that the units hit animations and sounds lack any punch, I dont get any sense of impact with the attacks or the sound effects. It seems like a small gripe but when the thing you enjoy most about the game is underwhelming it is disappointing.

On the whole the game doesn't appear bad, I just feel that the price tag for what is delivered is miss matched. If you can get past issues like these then you are golden.
 

Mentalfrost
286 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2016
After playing through the first campaign map it is clear that this game is a marked improvement over the previous game in this series and a breath of fresh air. I was soured by Heroes 6 which ultimately was unplayable due to cheating AI mechanics (lazy programming if you ask me) that force you to win the map in a very specific way which is not in the spirit of the series at all. Finding your own unique strategy for winning a map is a big part of what makes these games fun. I found the skill system in Heroes 7 to be much easier to manage than in Heroes 6. As a longtime fan of the series since HoMM2 I am looking forward to digging deeper into this beautiful game.
 

Turbogooch
1,510 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
58.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2019
Fun and all, but not optimised enough to be played multiplayer, latency lags a lot and crashes.
Fine if you like it singelplayer, but it not for me then.
 

Frostdale
162 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
96.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 2
I really want to love this game, but all the bugs just make you want to throw your computer at the wall.
 

findus_l
124 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
169.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2016
Even after the 1.7 Patch release, the artifact system is still extremely flawed. Artifacts turn from one type to another when picked up and moved within inventories or between characters, or simply vaporize other items in inventory. While the game may still be played, this is a FUNDAMENTAL part of the game that has been known to be flawed and still not yet fixed. My wife and I recommend everyone save their money and go back to playing HOMM III.
 

Galfaey
7 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
323.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2016
EDIT from Sep. 5th 2016: Ubisoft just announced that they are discontnuing support of the game, only 3 months after releasing the standalone expansion. This means they are will keep selling this game, although it is still full of bugs and suffers from horrible RAM leaks, which were never fixed (despite the outcry). This, my friends, is called in English a SCAM.
(but what did I expect from Ubisoft?)

-----------------------------------------------
Original review:

I waited long until I decided to buy H7 and the add-on, both due to the amount of bugs reported and due to my negative experience with H6 (which was boring and repetitive, despite the nice graphics).

Well, all I have to say is, H7 after patch 2.0 is definitely worth playing and has the potential to become one of the highlights in the series. The gameplay is diverse, it keeps me coming back for more, the hotseat mode fast and entertaining, and I love the campaign so far. It is also positive that the devs added several single-player scenario maps for free.

Of course the bugs are still noticeable, and the game is technically not well optimized. The most notorious problem is the memory leak: There is a constant and increasing consumption of memory and it does lead to the game becoming slow, game sounds getting distorted, and bugs like the infamous double attack getting more common. The only way to solve this right now is to actually terminate the game, wait 30-50 secs until the bloated RAM usage goes back to normal, and then start it again (rinse and repeat after another 4 hours).

If a few bugs and the above described technical issues do not bother you that much, then I definitely recommend you give the game a try. H7 is slowly becoming my favorite Heroes title. And since I am confident that the devs will fix the remaining bugs (and hopefully add some more content), I rate the game positively and look forward to a 2nd expansion and further improvements.
 

SoilBurn
113 products in account
2
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1,110.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2018
Updated review for version 2.2.1 - 40632 and yes this game is still broken trash that should have never been sold. Found a few more bugs that are painfully obvious, but why the consumer would expect functional software, or Ubisoft to fix their bugs is beyond me (Ohh, that's right because they paid for functional software not a half baked, bug riddled, unfinished and now abandoned game). I love the older versions of HoMM at least they're stable. Some tips to avoid crashing. Never assign more than one hero as a governor, game doesn't know how to handle multiple heroes being assigned governors of their own towns. Crashing will occur and heroes will move at a snails pace if the assigned hero/governor has a speed boost. Avoid playing large or larger maps, or let the game progress for more then 4 weeks, becomes unplayable and will crash on loading your saved game.
 

cylonn
13 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2021
Unoficial community patch is essential to install to solve some bug issues. Other than that - AI is pretty dumb. But Ai never was any good in heroes. Eh, whatever. Compared to heroes 5 - tribes of the east the only thing worse is lack of alternative creature upgrades. Also game has huge lack of clarity in many of its aspects.
Honestly I voted yes only because it got too much of undeserved bad rep imho. Test at your own risk.
 

Scar
59 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
59.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2020
This was so bad that for the first time ever I am posting a review. This game clearly was never put through a quality assurance process. Multiplayer functionality is horribly broken. Sync errors and save game corruption are extremely common. The game itself is buggy to the point where there are community mods to try and fix what the developers never did. I just don't understand how a company could put out software in this state and try to sell it as a finished product, then drop patches and an expansion that fix absolutely nothing. The game had so much potential to be great but it was thwarted by lackluster development.
 

Carsomyr
58 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2019
Getting stuck in combat after a victory makes this game unplayable. It was promising, but when there's always a chance you'll have to start a new game due to this bug i cant reccomend this to anyone.
 

Cyclone
109 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2015
Does lower then catfish crap come to mind any one? Go back to Heroes of might and magic 2 threw 5 and you will actualy enjoy it... this is just.... ♥♥♥♥
 

Dreadlord1518
194 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
the game is fun but in unplayable in the end of of the match causes issues like one player is stuck waiting for you and you are waiting for them

have to leave game a nd come back every other turn
 

mickey the destroyer
305 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
140.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2020
HoMM III is epic. HoMM V is amazing. HoMM VI makes small children cry. I thought HoMM VII was definitely better than VI but still has its faults. There are a few levels where there's basically only way to beat them, which is annoying. And really there's no good storyline - it's a bunch of mini-stories that they tried to weave into one. Otherwise, I thought it was a solid game and certainly better than VI.
 

texvet08
180 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2021
Only bought because i loved HOMM 3 as a child, decided to give this new one a shot, its fun with friends. havent played the campaign so i cant say much about that, but one friendly tip.

S T R E N G T H - I N - N U M B E R S.
 

AbdulWasay9
173 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
154.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2016
I have found this to be an excellent game so far, despite a few flaws, and well worth a purchase. If it helps any, I have been playing Heroes of Might & Magic titles since the second game debuted, and Heroes 7 seems to fit right in line. It feels closer to Heroes 5 in terms of gameplay, but more streamlined and with some of the better tweaks (as well as seemingly all of the art) taken from Heroes 6. No, it isn't Heroes 3, and nor should it attempt to be in my opinion (VCMI has that taken care of!). If you are familiar with the Heroes games, or just looking to check out a great turn-based game, I recommend it.
 

leifthebold
80 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
155.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2020
This game is lackluster and offers noting new compared to previous Heroes games. It feels like a slog with minimal storyline or connection to the game while maps keeps going long after you are ready for something new. I really lost interest when the maps became time restricted, requiring you to run around skipping everything and missing the satisfaction of a clean, systematic development of kingdom or character achievement. After having to restart one map twice because of the time limit and the dragging on and on of the quest objectives... I think I am done with this game and sorry for the wasted hours.
 

palominocentaur
43 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I preoder this game because of the game had a long beta test. I think the developer and gamer can work together to produce a good game. It seem like i was wrong. The game is full of bug. Is Ubisoft try to prove that they dont give a ♥♥♥♥ to people who buy their game??
 

bbmooney1987
106 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
79.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
It's exactly what you'd expect from a Heroes of Might & Magic game.
In this case, that's a good thing. Unlike the previous entry, there's no annoying features forcing you to play the campaign to unlock features in the rest of the game.

So it's exactly what I was looking for - a modern HOMM game you can start playing straight out of the box.
 

Caelim
217 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
92.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2015
While the game direction is more toward the traditional homm games, the implementation is a disaster. The game is at best in a beta state right now. Just a few obvious bugs that I encountered while casualy playing hotseat:

- at some point you can no longer attack with your hero (for the rest of the game - no matter if you reload a save or restart the game)
- at some point your spell book gets empty and you can no longer access any spell (for the rest of the game)
- during the tactics phase some of your units are not present on the battlefield or in the UI to position them on the map (wtf?)
- sometimes if one of your unit stacks dies, you can still see it with a count of 0 (zero) units
- sometimes you cannot pick your skills when leveling up

and the list could go on...

 

Tempest
77 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
145.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2018
I love this franchise!! Besides the crashs and the poor version they released at first, it's a great game!! I liked the way they did a story-telling thing with a grand finalle
 

adrianombonatto
199 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
252.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2019
this game create the Uplay platform and force you always update, and even hard to play the game because repeatly looking the patches and failed on log in the uplay platform.
 

snow_cn
88 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
827.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
My roommate and I have been playing this game for about three days now. After discussing previous versions and launches with other HoMM series, we feel like this game does have a lot of potential. Please note, we have not played campaigns, just skirmishes and hotseat.
Right now yes it is buggy, there are things that needs to be patched and fixed. For starters, it does have a RMG, although it is a bit of a pain not to be able to use it in the game menus.
We wish they would bring back the city bonuses from V like dwarven rune casting, alchemist enhancements, etc to make cities more unique.
Mostly though, we are having a lot of fun with this game so far.

 

Mr. Unicorn
125 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
196.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2015
Hi heroes 3 lovers,

I bought heroes 7 deluxe edition a few days ago at the Wintersale and i absolutly dont regret it. Yes, i played the beta 2, which was amazingly bad in the sense it was almost unplayable (windows 10 i have). So i didnt buy it at launch.
My game patch 1.6 runs fine, no bugs whatsoever. As far i see it all the negative for singleplayer is gone.
The in game graphics are in my opnion very very nice. True, lots of units of heroes 6 are the same, but the artwork on the units, townscreen and map is great. The cutscenes graphics in the campaigns are maby not up to date, but then this game is not about the latest graphics technology. Go play the Witcher 3 if you want that.

The gameplay is very nice too. Better than AoW 3? I think so. AoW 3 is like running around with the Magnificent 7. Units are more like sidekicks.

In the old days i have hat so much fun with multilplay H3. It ended for me when i realized it was so easy to cheat.
You could beat a pack of dragons with one pikeman.
I didnt try multiplay in H7 yet. But i have good hopes Ubisoft wil sort i out.

H7 is a wonderfull game. The team who made it did a great job.
 

Wittedewit
25 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2015
First off, I appreciate the rage of the people who paid $80 for an unfinished game. My positive review has a lot to do with having waited.

Secondly, I appreciate how annoying it is that Ubi has another site you need to long into. As an aside, who are these endless strangers that keep making friend requests? Why? And why does it have to pop up in the middle of my game?

OK, with those two provisos, I was pleasantly surprised. This game seems to take Heroes back to its roots. Balance is better. There are tactical choices in how you compose your army. It looks great. Campaign design is better -- not endlessly fighting the same stacks over and over. Storytelling isn't awesome but is much improved.

Here is hoping this paves the way for a return of the franchise, hopefully sold to someone other than Ubisoft.
 

djones
565 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
So far I'm having a really good time playing HOMM VII. I love the whole series.
Is it the best HOMM of all time? I'll have to finish it before I come close to saying anything like that. It's far from a terrible game though.
While I haven't had much in the way of problems, it does seem like they could have had a cleaner release... if you're patient unlike me, you might want to wait a week to see how the patching goes to be safe. That said, they did get a Win 10 patch out the door before I started playing and that may have helped me alot. I did like it that they worked to get that out quickly.
 

iamstillfrank
171 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
This game is hilariously unfinished. Just youtube the faction opening cinematic and you will understand what I'm saying, its this 3d scene with the characters talking, but they don't move, just look like a bunch of dead people talking like ghosts hahaha, I'm serious go watch it, its really funny to think that someone tought it was a good idea.

The game is so slow, crashes all the time, the AI turn takes FOREVER even in a powerful PC, the graphics actually look worse tha HOMM6. The city screen is so bad, looks like the sketchyest games you can find on steam early access. Before you buy this game, just look at some lets plays on youtube to see what I'm saying. Some of the map backgrounds are really polluted, its hard to diferentiate what is what. Hell its even hard to see what is passable land.

The game sounds, oh god the sounds.... I kid you not, if you were just listening without knowing which game is being played, you would think it was some old school Atari game.

The campaign has huge swings of dificulty, I'm very experienced HOMM player and I can easily crush most levels on hardest, but some missions even on Easy are hard as f***. Its just badly designed.

Unbalanced... for instance the first light healing spell heals for 10 hp, yep it doesn't even make a dent... And it doesn't get any better as you progress.
*Edit*
Turns out it was just a tooltip bug(among many others), it actually heals for much more than that.

I think people keep asking for HMM3 not because they are attached to the past. But its because it was a great game overall.
 

tiaguerazortea
97 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,792.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2020
I like being able to make my own maps, but I dislike that so much about the game is broken that it makes map-making very difficult, at least maps that do not crash all the time. I have been a long-time fan of HoMM. When it works, this game is great. Love the graphics, dynamics, and turn-based battle system. But the bugginess can really drive a person crazy.
 

graxstar
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
Had a great time playing the single player campaign and some random skirmishes, but when we did a 4 player LAN we couldn't finish the game 3 times because some bug during combat happened. It was on three diffferent match, three different computers and three different moments in the game. While I promote LAN options. Make sure they work!
 

Boukev
240 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
71.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
As a fan of the series, I`ve played HoMM 5 and 6, I really liked this game. Yes, it isn`t perfect and there are plenty of bugs, but if you can look past them you get a great story in a long campaign, many diverse factions etc. For fans of HoMM 5 I would definitely recommend this game. For others I would recommend getting it on sale. It takes some time to get used to the mechanics and sometimes it may fell unbalanced, but in time you master everything and it becomes satisfying to play.
 

s_sixer
46 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
145.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2016
A wild positive review appears. SO far i had 1-2 bugs. Other than that i have better time with this than h6 :P. Cool thing: 7 is easier to mod and you can find some stuff in heroes community.
 

milkorlife
420 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
125.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2016
New update fixes a bunch of issues from before.
 

XYZ
125 products in account
1
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
319.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
This is a great game it just took a few months and a few patches to get there. This game had issues on release and did not seem worth $60. The $25 holiday sale made the game attractive.

The core game is great, if you like The Heroes of Might and Magic series you will like the single player campaigns and scenarios. All campaign games work, you can finish them. Improved graphics and instant auto combat option.

I did not like Uplay for HOMM part 6, but I do not mind it now for part 7 (though I would still prefer to launch from steam).

Issues:

-Switching artificats is buggy, unequip first then equip and avoid picking up the junk artifacts to curb the issue.
-Army placement on battle map is reset to default if you use instant auto combat, recruit new troops, raise undead, etc.
-Multiplayer may have issues - Untested
 

Masago
107 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2015
This game is a good member of classic heroes of might and magic series and i have played all of them except 4th. most beautiful ones for me of the series were 2nd, 3rd, 5th. But this one is also good too when comparing to 6th one. Graphics and play style is mostly improved. Too bad there is no cinematics excepts motion captures. Game is not long but satisfying. İ wish there will be more expansions to this game. İf you are a fan of the series like me you will like it for sure. But if you are a casual player you can pass it. Do not get confused with all negative reviews. Although there are some bugs and slow loading time, they are all getting patched up continuously. İ definitely recommend this game to all turn based strategy players who love heroes series, kings bounty series, etc...
 

Lancelot
1,051 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2018
If you're looking to play this on your own then feel free to ignore this rant.

So me and a friend just bought this on a sale expecting to have a great time playing multiplayer. I mean we've heard of multiplayer issues during the games launch days, but those had to be fixed by now with all these updates right ? Wrong !

Playing online is as impossible as always, sure there are no more disconnects or out of sync errors right after joining, but then again if you're playing against each other, tough luck... First combat we met each other had gotten us stuck, both seeing that it is the other players turn, never to begin the actuall combat.

Minor bug, we assumed and started a new game where we teamed up against AI, everything went smoothly, untill we decided to trade some artifacts. Game had gone bonkers at the point, artifacts went missing and noone had any idea who had what.

TL;DR
Online and Lan game modes still dont seem to work, if you want to play singleplayer or hotseat then go ahead.
 

ConfusedNerd
67 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2015
Long story short: Even at 50% off this game was not worth the money. You are buying a broken product that even 3 months after release contains game breaking bugs (v1.6).

Note: This review addresses only the campaign aspects of the game. I have not touched multiplayer.

The Good:
-The bare bones HOMM series mechanics are there and, for the most part, work.
-The addition of flanking is an interesting change.
-Fortifications are a nice idea.
-The AI is very fast and the game responds well to input.

The Meh:
-Graphics are decent but not a visible improvement over the previous instalment.
-The fact that they reused a lot of the HOMM6 textures is a bit off-putting.
-The slide show "cutscenes" feel cheap.
-The dialogue is bland and cringeworthy but this has been the case with HOMM since HOMM4.
-The spell book looks very cheap but the spell animations look decent.
-Hero customization and itemization feels inferior to previous instalments. The items and skills feel like they don't have as much impact as in previous games.
-Castle screens are still a mess. Not as bad as the Lego pieces in HOMM6 but nowhere near the beauty of HOMM5 animation.
-The tooltips and GUI feel very cheap and intrusive.

Most of these are minor complaints, but it's exactly because they are so minor and easily rectifiable that they are so frustrating for me. It feels like the devs are investing the bare minimum of effort to check off different features which in previous games added a lot of value.

The Bad:
Most egregious: the game crashes during Necropolis mission 4 (after the second dialogue with Zenda). I can't even finish the second campaign. It's possible that this is an issue with my configuration (Radeon R9 290 GPU + i5 3570K CPU; Win7 64bit) however, it's the first time I've encountered something like this in what I thought was supposed to be an AAA release.

After completing the Haven campaign + the first 3 missions of Necropolis here's what I can tell you about the actual gameplay problems:

Several in-game bugs:
-Moving artifacts around sometimes causes them to disappear or behave erratically.
-Several creature abilities do not work properly (Marksman's "Piercing Shot" doesn't actually affect the tiles it's showing).
-Some campaign mission events aren't very well scripted. For example: you can "break" the scripted Necropolis Mission 3 ending by recalling to one of your castles.

The AI is borderline retarded in a lot of aspects. In most previous HOMM games, even on normal, the AI knows not to move their melee units into the player’s melee unit range during the first turn. In this one, they just mindlessly rush you, always moving as close to you as possible. In previous installments the AI knew not to suicide their heroes into fights they have 0% chance of winning (I've had the AI run heroes with a few core creatures into my fortified castle with 5 champions + several Elites).

Conclusion: even if you ignore the game breaking bugs you are still buying a mediocre product. If you take into account the blatantly broken aspects of the game this is a downright terrible investment. First HOMM purchase I genuinely regret, even with the winter sale discount. This will be the last game in the series that I purchase.
 

Bufti
191 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
I'd very much like to recommend this game, because, at its core, it's actually pretty good. The problem is that it is also very clearly unfinished.

Units look good, but everything else, both models and textures, looks blatantly unfinished. Adventure map models are constantly clipping through and rendering inside walls - having a city stuck halfway through a transparent mountain gets confusing, and happens regularly. The font used to display effects like the Sylvan mark ability is just... cheap-looking. Barely a step up from unfiltered comic sans. I wouldn't bring this up, but it just looks jarringly unprofessional.

Everything does. I haven't played campaign mode, so I can't talk about the cinematics as so many others do, but it wouldn't surprise me to hear that they are as cheap and abysmal-looking as they've been made out to be.

And that's without getting into the bugs. One of the more common ones is having the text appear outside of a window, or having notifications on one window overlap one another so that you can't read them. There are also animations that simply don't play; sometimes, dead units will simply freeze rather than playing their death animation. Sometimes they just vanish from the battlefield entirely. Sometimes LIVING units vanish from the battlefield entirely, particularly when you have large units near terrain. And, most notably, the game I was just playing had a two-fer glitch that rendered it essentially unplayable and literally unwinnable; not only did all ranged units suddenly lose their ability to make ranged attacks, but cities became uncapturable. Killing all units defending the city would result in the screen "shimmering" for a moment, the city failing to change sides, and all units re-appearing. Infinitely. I did this six times over three different cities.

So the bugs and unfinished-looking graphics are a downside (music tends to cut in and out quite often, too, but that's less noticeable). I would recommend holding off until they're fixed, assuming that they ever are.

If you're not concerned about the bugs, though, the core game is actually not bad. Not having Inferno as a playable faction is rather disappointing, but the rest of it is the same Heroes game that we've loved for a long time. The return of the 2D city screens is actually quite nice, and they all look pretty cool. The unit designs are all very neat-looking, and the shift from unit tiers to Core-Elite-Champion is actually handled very well (and doesn't change so much that purists will be offended). Every faction is extremely unique and distinct, and from what I can tell, they're all pretty much equally viable.

The biggest complaint I can really make against the actual core game is the lack of content. The number of maps is fairly small (though the editor helps) and there aren't many unique artifacts (the editor helps less with this). And I still don't know why they changed the resource names (especially because they all look the same on the map now). But if you can look past that, the new skill wheel is quite nice, the addition of flanking adds a new tactical level to battles, and basically it's everything you'd expect from a Heroes game.
 

Rattlebones
456 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Changed my mind. Bug-Riddle, two games unable to be completed because of "An army is blocking the location" bug - making it impossible to kill the enemy keeps.
 

EzekielDEV
300 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2015
Got the game today and I haven't noticed any problems for the last 6 hours straight I've been playing.
I really like the art style and gameplay and so far the campaign has been a blast!

I don't know if they patched the game after all the negative reviews have been given but I personaly didn't seem to spot any issues so far.

My specs:

Intel I-5 2600k
AMD 7870 1GB GHZ Edition
8GB Ram
Z-77 Motherboard

Not a big fan of Ubisoft after the Unity fiasco but this is one game they got right.
 

Firestrike
109 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
175.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
Heroes 7 for almost unplayable due to bugs, and not recommended for quite some time.

Years later, it turned into a major positive and must play for fans of the series.
Stunning visuals for fantasy turn based strategy.
Story and cinematics still range from non-existent to bad.
Design decisions and mechanical improvements are excellent (based on previous games in the series)
Campaign AI and planning remains bad (especially on Heroic difficulty) - a boatload of tips could be gathered from previous Heroes games.
 

Adjutant
1,280 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2016
So, the HOMM series is very close to my heart like it is for many other reviewers. I've been playing it since HOMM1 was released (yes I'm that old). When 7 was released and I saw all the negative reviews I thought I'll wait a bit. Turns out I had to wait a year for patch 2.0. I bought it while it was on sale (50% off) which still made me cringe as I was afraid I'm buying a broken game from all the reviews.

However, it turns out the game is marvelous. I'm enjoying the campaign and story thoroughly and I'm not experiencing any issues whatsoever. I don't know what all the fuss is about? With that said, I haven't played or seen the game prior to patch 2.0.

In summary - The good:

+ Adventure map visuals are stunning
+ Careful thought went into the campaign maps and making it fun to play through
+ I enjoy the sometimes cheesy voice acting, reminds me of theatre and the previous games
+ The non-animated cut scenes don't bother me at all. I don't know what all the kids are complaining about. Feels like a story that is being narrated with still illustrations. I guess kids these days don't read anymore?
+ No hand-holding. The game isn't dumbed down. It takes a while to learn and even longer to master on higher difficulties.
+ Spells and hero talent wheels are great.
+ At 50% off a great bargain.

The bad:

- Game doesn't feel optimised. Even though I'm not experiencing any performance issues, my PC sounds like it might take flight as both my CPU and GPU are working extremely hard.
- The towns feel bland. One of the most rewarding things of previous HOMM games were the towns and how they come to life as you build new structures. Here, all the buildings look kind of the same and the animation happens so fast from the 2D selection screen that you sometimes miss what you just built.
- The units themselves are adequately animated but again, their colours and armour seem bland. Take the Seraphs/Celestials for example, they are ANGELS for crying out loud but look like foot soldiers with tiny wings. Also my favourite factions have always been the Necropolis and Dungeon factions. The creatures themselves are great but their modeling struggles to distinguish them from the crowd (bland).
- Still some balancing issues.
- The opponent heroes' AI is weird sometimes. On occasion their actions are non-sensical but from what I've seen, this is rare.
- A bit pricy at full price. Especially charging so much for an expansion (haven't bought it yet - will wait for sale).
- During combat, the camera has some angle issues but these are rare.

All in all, it seems like I'm complaining a lot but, for me, the good outweighs the bad by far and I think Limbic has done a good job. I also love the way their developers are directly interacting with the users.

The game should've been released in the state it is now after patch 2.0. Feels like it was in Beta all the way through version 1.
 

Versmoor
168 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2015
This game is utter garbage. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ waste of my money. Ubisoft is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idiots. Campaigns stall indefinitely during AI turns. Must reload/restart and try playing differently to not get hit with the stupid bug. Can't even finish 2 maps as I have to keep restarting.
 

XanTriaN
82 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2016
Can't play. The game crashes on start. I've followed many guides online to fix it - still nothing. Do not buy the game. Wasted money.
 

Veneti
119 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2017
This sequel is getting worse and worse every single time.

Too much efford and detail is given to graphics which for these kind of games is a secondary item and not really needed.

Gameplay which is by far the most important attribute is absolutely rubbish in my opinion.

Waste of time and money.
 

Othorion
71 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2016
The game is fun, but can be a bit confusing to players who haven't touched this series since the third game. There really isn't any sort of tutorial, outside of some stuff you can read on the web. That said, once you get the hang of things, the game is pretty addictive. I'm assuming I downloaded the game after most of the bugs were ironed out, because I have yet to run into really any problems yet.
 

⋆✦Harper✦⋆
86 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
91.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2016
Overall this is a good game. The lack of cutscene animation was frustrating, but I got used to it quickly and it is the only downside to this game. They made several improvements to the game since 6 including the UI, graphics and the city building. You have a few more choices in city management, you can assign "governors" to the cities that have unique benifits and there are a few new units in the game. I recommend it.
 

BBrian
485 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
I've been a fan of this series since the original. However, in recent times, Ubisoft is completely corrupt. I can't even play part 6, because of some obtuse reasons the Ubisoft tech support won't reply back to. Now, I purchased part 7, and the game isn't even playable, because it's full of bugs that prevent it from being played. So, in other words, Ubisoft has essentially stolen my money by making games that aren't playable. I advise any long-time loyal players of this series to stop and find a better game. This is garbage, and I'm sick of it.

-I've returned several times to see if the bug was fixed. It finally is. I'm enjoying it now.
 

HorseSoldier
70 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Product refunded

Refunded, can barely talk anything about the content, as I spent merely 10mins on the actual game map and combat. The rest of 40 mins I was waiting for the program to respons0e, end task and re-enter.

- Every time I pressed Q for question window the game stop responding, no clue.
- Every time I changed keybind on the map, crash.
- Loading banner before you entering the game is just a picture with tell you anything like "Loading", and I spent 2 mins there every time I re-enter the game.
- The cutscence... enough comments from others I will skip it..

My laptop is highest configuration 2 years ago, outdated but still capable for running 72-man PVP in FFXIV extremely smoothly. Hardware shouldn't be the point to blame.

Overall, I recommend to hold your 60 dollars for a while to see how things going on.

 

nedric
86 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2017
You get the classic battle system with new and interesting monsters, and the new hero skill tree system was suprisingly interesting. Each faction is fairly well balanced, so starting a new campaign with all the different factions is fun and worthwhile.

9/10
 

GlassGlassMadeOfGlass
271 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
People just love bashing Ubisoft, game is decent.
If Homm fans don't expect a clone of 3 with each release no one would get dissapointed.
Game still has few bugs (loading save files crushes the game sometimes), but overall it's a very decent mmh game with a great narrative. I don't have a high end PC and still don't seem to suffer from 'long AI turns' at all! Devs said in numerious occasions they will still be actively working on fixing bugs and providing free extra content for some time to come. In my opinion mmh7 really did bring the best of 3 and 5 in one product.
 

p4e4c
415 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
116.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2015
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The Uplay launcher does not work. Tried all type of methods ( delete uplay, reinstall uplay by download uplay from their website, delete original files, tried all compatible windows, run as admin, you name it, i tried it.) If you own a laptop like me(yeah, i read that not all mobile g.card is supported), if i can play other games without this much of problem, i don't know how this game cant be design to be playable. Uplay just simply SUCKS. I am not going to buy any ubi games again.

I own a LENOVO Y580. if you read this comment and happen to have the same laptop as mine, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It wont works. I had to ask for REFUND for this game from STEAM. First ever game i ask for refund. Never been this frustrated before. Truly disappointing at ubi.
 

Wcw
58 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
26.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2020
I haven't played this games since the HMM III.

I first bought the V as that was the most recommended one on both Steam and Online but found it hard to deal with the outdated graphics after being spoiled by all these new games coming out.

The reviews were somewhat negative for this game but personally I was just happy to find a new and updated HMM game and enjoyed that nothing has really changed. Although... nothing has really changed so I'm sure if you've played every single game before this one, you might find that disappointing.

The campaign is nothing special and the story is not very engaging but it was sufficient enough to keep it from being boring. Thankfully it is quite long since there are 7-ish faction campaigns to go through.

Quite worth it for the 10$ price I paid.

I am however hesitating to not recommend the game because it is constantly crashing for no good reason despite re-installing the game multiple times. Several campaigns had to be restarted entirely losing hours of progress. Very frustrating. I think if those were fixed it would be a much greater experience but seeing how old this game is.. I doubt that will happen.
 

Salvaresi
54 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
169.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2016
I feel like its a good game im enjoying it playing through the campaign. There aren't as many bugs as people make the gmae out to have and most of them are not noticable. Played homm games since 3 and i feel like this is one of the best in the series, the skill tree isnt absolutely random might and magic heroes feel different, creatures have lot of diversity and you get to pick between your tier 7 creature. Along witht he lost tales the gmae has a nice throwback to homm 3+4 and my only complaint is that combat can feel a little slow at times. I'd also like to point outt hat this is a homm game but not identical to homm 3 so dont expect it to be the same and try to adapt a little most homm fans just complain that its not homm 3 and that its terrible. If you give it ome time and open up you'll probably find that teh game is quite fun.
 

MCL
107 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1,161.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2016
seriously its april 2016 and still no fix for loading saved games (crashes on loading) .When i get to play this game i love it but there can be no excuse for how buggy it still is .
 

grahamthemyth
261 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2020
Great game, just not as good the previous....
 

jturner84
8 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
176.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2018
litteraly unplayable. Impossible to finish a multiplayer game online. Game constantly crashes/bugs.
 

Elden Ring player))
21 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
193.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
So much better then Homm V & VI ! I think those two previous games were just Ubisoft trying to make an Homm game but didn't have a clue how, with all these years of development and practice i think they finally created something worthy! Ok gotta go back to my game, finally a decent Heroes game that can rival with chapter III & IV. Will give more feedback after more gameplay!
 

phenom26
28 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
Really don't see why people are so negative about the game.
I'm really enjoying it, just like I've enjoyed all the previous ones, and the campaign ain't bad, atleast not for dungeon.

The skill tree is wickedly awesome, the fights are smooth, why complain?
 

Carfal
285 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 5
Really fun game!

Tip for users with trouble with connection errors:
- Go to Ubisoft Connect app > Menu > Go Offline. This will prevent all the connection errors when it tries to sync game data and achievements

Once I have done this, the game starts up and runs smoothly.
 

firestorm
13 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
66.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2018
Even on discount, this investment was not worth. If I play Multiplayer with friends, we get everytime an sync error after 4-6hours playing. Loading old save doesn`t work. Error happened again and again. Even if we avoid some battles/actions or statring new game. After 5hour sync-error.

I am a fan to the MMH series, it is really sad that they didn't fix an old issue.
So this is only for Singleplayer or Hotseat.
So u and your friends only need one game for an Hot-Seat session. More Versions are wasted money...

Yes i think, this will be the end of HHM for me :(
 

Endless Calling
326 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
79.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2016
This game is a GOOD game i have played HOMM since i found HOMM3 on my old pentium computer!!!...Its a mixture of differant elements of pervous HOMM games that much is a given. if you played the previous games you quickly learn that winning stratagy that always worked and made you a god at the game wont work here and thats good it makes you relearn to play the game (i am still learning the dungon)...you will like it or you wont...but if you do leave it installed on that day off and the weathers crap outside and you just not in the mood to play your fav game you WILL play it and wonder why you didnt play it before....then loose badly and remember why...then forget...(this cycle then repeats).....i am yet to see any bad bugs...(not saying they not there) plus i do have more hours on this games but just off steam..
 

Acroma
137 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
This game is crap.

Its a disgrace to rape the lineage of mighty Heroes series with game so rushed and undeveloped.
Some of the ideas are good, but most of it its just crap.

Graphics is horrible - its like a journey back in time. Even previous part was better
Animation in cutscenes is just obnoxious. I could make better ones on my IT lessons at school.
Very strange leveling system - tries to be interesting but fails to be anything.
Sounds during battle and in general are crappy - only good thing is music in some of the towns - but thats just a standard thing for Heroes series.
I hate the new undead idea as well as the whole universe. Why noone is trying to bring back Erathia and Roland/Archibald etc. This universe is very shallow.
Campaign design is rushed and unacceptable even in beta.

Dont buy this game.
Hate Ubisoft. For the rape they've done to the game!
 

LaVanguard
1,444 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
Very disappointing...

Game is very buggy e.g. Alt-tab crashes the game; switching video to windowed mode crashes the game; changing resolution crashes the game etc.

Performance is abysmally slow, game takes ages to start, AI turns take ages to execute even on small maps. You need to esc through 6 or 7 screens when starting the game just to get to the main menu.

Cut-scene graphics are antiquated and static - is the best Ubisoft can do really having a static image of a character with his/her mouth open whilst the pathetic voice actor talks???

Game sound track is repetitive, irritating and laughable sh*t! Voice actors and dialog are similarly irritating. I have no idea whether the story line is any good as I can’t click past the voice dialogs & cut scenes quick enough.

This game is utter rubbish and a huge let down after the other games in this franchise - I wouldn’t recommend playing it even if it was free.
 

Thaine
59 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2,527.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2020
I have played all the HHOM games. This one is well made, similar to HOMM 3, I have a busy house hold, so this game is great. I can come and go as needed and don't have to worry about the game continuing to play.
 

daddyof3
43 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
176.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2016
Bought the game about a week or two ago. Nice graphs lots to be explored. Have not really experienced any of the problems people have described, since I bought the game recently, apparently after the patches have solved the initial problems. As a old timer Heroes fan, I recommend.
 

TROVAO CHAPADO
24 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
267.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2019
Terrific game, plays like chess and once you grasp the concept of battle, it is really fun!! I love turn-based games, and this one is perfect for the genre. Also, the design of the various combatants is excellent and well drawn. Love it!!!
 

howpow8881
30 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
300.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2019
Heroes Of Might And Magic Seven is in my opinion an excellent game that has consecutively evolved over the the previous game parts in the same way like classic games as Civilization. Allthough I used to play HOMM5, especially the Tribes Of The East Add-On version in earlier times and thought that this was the best HOMM had to offer, part seven continues to astonish me even after over two-hundred hours of game play with first of all, a complete remake of the ability and skill tree that has even surmised the HOMM5 version, as well in terms of complexity as of logical congruency regarding each of the elements (skills, abilities) to the others - in the way they build up on each other and the way they have in playing the game. Second of all the maps are programmed with as in all HOMM version with love to the detail, and much more important - one of the most intruiging and best things about the game - it's masterpiece of map generator. HOMM Five had a functioning map generator that was even playable to some extent, but all the game elements were disproportionately placed and it really made one miss the designed original game maps. HOMM seven's map generator is on the other hand programmed very sophistically as one might surmise, soz the generated maps really do feel like manually designed ones with all the fun aspects they bring to the game play! Of course also the seventh HOMM part continous to amaze with a very attractive graphic, detail workouts on the fantasy elements as creatures, spells and so on and really nice, artistical game and background music. On top the changes and improvments to the earlier parts have been so extreme and the different factions a player can choose from bring such an abundance and variability to the game, that I can honestly say after the already mentioned over two-hundred hours of game play: I almost played only the two factions necro and dungeon and there is so much in the ways you can already here choose different paths and approaches on the game itself, that I simply still haven't found the time and lust to try another one, which will probably lead to some more hundreds of hours that I will spend over the coming years in this game. Since computer games have extremely improved over the last twenty years and the prices, especially for games that are just a few years old, are as cheap as it gets, I can only strongly recommend this game to anybody who likes RPGs (not rocket propelled grenades!) in general and turn-based games (for couch potato guys and of course all others) whole-heartedly as an excellent choice to invest a few bucks! Hope this description may help anybody who hasn't made his choice yet.
 

jakob2197
112 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2021
The art in this game simply hurts to look at. The ability icons seem to have been commissioned on Fiverr for precisely 5$. The UI is ugly all around. Worst thing, the special effects and camera movements make me dizzy to the point I started closing my eyes when entering a fight to avoid seeing the zoom-in effect. The heroes have an anime + mobile phone style, they seem to be copy-pasted from an entirely different game.


Note- I absolutely loved the aesthetic of Heroes 3 and I kept thinking... how is it even possible to fail so hard?
 

IroPagis
29 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
124.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2017
The game offers very good gameplay and visuals.
It does have some serious bugs, but that doesn't mean it's not enjoyable. Actually, it's my favorite game from Might & Magic Heroes franchise.

What I regret most is the bugs themselves, UPlay linking and the fact that this game will be no further developed, in spite of the very large room for improving.

The game is very good, though. I loved it!
 

Dark Paladin
85 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
146.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
I waited for a couple of days to buy this due to the bad reveiws. I agree that the turn speeds need looking at, but i cannot say i regret my purchase.

I do not generally play the campaign games, as i favour the skirmish maps and i have had no bugs at all playing these and have really enjoyed them. I am just starting to mess around with the editor but this looks like the best editor tool since heroes 3 and has a random map maker. The flanking attack is a good idea as well.

Overall an improvement on heroes 6 - needs a bit of work but definately playable for skirmishes and the map editor looks great. No where near as bad as some reveiws are making out.
 

Dave1974
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2019
Maybe back in the day this game would have been good but sadly it is not up to date.
 

krajcsirik20
120 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
392.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
Launch bugs aside, this game extrapolates what made Heroes III great, puts it in a modern setting and makes changes that mostly help the game:
-the optional skill wheel for planning ahead

-the faction-specific ability to make every faction play completely differently,

-the choice between champion units to make the same faction play differently between different players

-the 5 creature levels I think is an ideal number (each faction has a strong core and elite unit that is essentially its own level, so you have 2 core, 1 core+, 2 elite, 1 elite+ and 1 champion for a total of 5 levels) as the 3 levels of heroes VI were too little variety, but the 7 levels of Heroes III made the move from 1 level to another feel almost nonexistent, with level 3 often being better than level 4 (Rampart, Castle, Inferno) and level 5 better than 6 (Stronghold, Fortress, arguably Dungeon)

- the town building options are very varied between factions, as opposed to the carbon copy it was until now with 1 or 2 special buildings but otherwise extremely similar. Now depending on your faction different structures lead to different things and there are a bunch of special structures per faction with choice structures as well.

As of right now this is my favorite Heroes title, with 1 main shortcoming - there needs to be a Random Map Generator for more replayability, but I'm guessing that's in the works anyway.
 

guylfe
366 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
224.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
Edit May 7th 2017, 1 year and a half after release.

Re-started playing with a friend, after a loooong disgust (sadly) caused by all the bugs post-release. Enjoy almost a full game without any bug, crash or "out of sync" issues. Then, we saved and restarted the game the next day.... aaaaaand out of sync after 2 turns. And now the game is dead.

Content-wise and gameplay-wise, the game is great. But the rushed release and poor development kills everything.

Seriously Ubisoft, please stop that. Sell the license to capable developers #MakeHOMMgreatagain
------

Update review to patch 1.2.

Behooooold, the mighty patch 1.2 is out!
Brand new and coming right out of Ubisoft's lab, this new patch titled "Might & Magic Heroes VII: Has Stopped Working" is the worthy successor of the beloved patch 1.1 "Out of Sync" and will delight you with long hours of bugs.

Even better than pre-patch, you won't have to play 15 long turns with your friends to enjoy drowning in "out of sync", it now comes right at turn 2 ! And cherry on the cake, you can't go past turn 3 because neutral monster don't play in fights!

Purshase totally worth it. 100% recommend.
------

First review:

I won't re-write what has been so well written by other reviews, just highlight my opinion and why I don't recommend this game AT THE MOMENT (hopefully, it will get fixed some day...).

From a long-time fan of the HOMM series, the game itself is fine and looks fun enough to play. I bought it with a friend and we have been TRYING to play online together against computers to get used to the game.
The game is so buggy EVERY-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-WHERE that it's impossible to play. This game is barely beta-level mature, and those lovely people from Ubisoft sell it as a fully developped game.

Way to go Ubisoft.
 

Gwyrrd
45 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2016
I´m writing this review just to tell you that the game works fine for me.
(Just bought the game in the Lunar New Year Sale, latest patch 1.6)

The game didn´t start right at the beginning so I had to check and verfiy the game integrity.
After that Might and Magic Heroes VII is running fine so far.

BTW: Graphic details are set to high; playing in borderless window (1920x1080).

My PC-Specs:
CPU: Intel i7 2600K @3,4GHz
RAM: 8GB
Windows 10 (64 bit)
Sapphire Radeon HD7850 2GB


I have just finished the Haven Campaign and started with the Sylvan.
So far the game looks really good and I´m in that "just another round"-mood.
The story is nice, no surprises yet though.
There were no gamebreaking bugs, in battles the AI doesn´t act that "smart" (like in other stragic games).
Gotta play more for a better review =)
 

MinPower
743 products in account
2
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
300.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2015
It's exactly what I was expecting. It works okay on my computer on ultra/high, though there are still a few bugs for them to work through. I'm on patch 4 I think now. If you are familiar with the series, I haven't found anything extraordinarily new to the franchise. The skill wheel is about the newest thing. If you like the previous game VI, then you'll find this pretty adequate. I haven't attempted multiplayer; I usually don't with a new game. I wait until they tweek the balance and the connection issues with most games. The biggest complaint, which is the same one for VI, they just can't seem to recapture the spectacular city screens that they had in V. They're pretty, but don't have that wow factor that the 3d redered and flying ones did in 5. I think that causes it to feel a little more like a board game and little less like an engrossing computer game. I have finished the Human, Undead, and Mage campaigns. I'm part way through the elf and dark elf campaigns.
 

chazz_play
326 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Single player was somewhat enjoyable when it would not crash. Multiplayer is non-existent as there were many problems with even connecting to online games. Attempting to play a LAN game was also impossible as sync errors arose . Just not playable at this time for multiplayer.
 

Sir Benicus
99 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2021
Starting with the bad. This is not a very well polished game. It feels like they cut it off early and released it anyway. There are just so many bugs. The UI is bugged almost all the time. Some UI elements are modern, some are just text on a table. Very raw.

AI is not great. I've won some battles I shouldn't have by getting the AI in a loop, doing nothing effective but moving back and forth.

Graphics? Also not great. It's just ok. It does not perform well on an RTX 2070 in some situations. The graphics, animations, cutscenes, voices, etc. from Heroes of Might and Magic 6 were all vastly superior. But since 6 is virtually unplayable due to even more serious bugs, it doesn't get any bonus points for being pretty.

Heroes of Might and Magic 7 works.

That's more than I can say for 6 or 5.

4 is a different kind of feel entirely and has no HD remake I know of.

3 has an HD remake that doesn't support its expansions or good multiplayer.

If you want the best experience in this series, it's extremely sad to say you have to look back to Heroes of Might and Magic 3, and that you cannot rely on official HD releases, you must mod it yourself with unofficial HD mods.

So Heroes of Might and Magic 7 is the best we will ever get. Ubisoft doesn't seem capable of taking this any farther than it has.

The good? The storytelling and campaign are pretty good. There's some features in 7 that don't exist in 3 which are handy. It supports 2k resolution and actually works in Windows 10. That makes this the best Heroes game since 3.
 

Meshan
254 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
75.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
First time i have to use a refund on steam on a game. the game gameplay wise is similar to heroes 5 and 6 but its abit slower , still ejoyable . the problem is all the bugs and crashes that makes the game imposible to keep playing for me. i wouldnt recomend to buy it yet
 

R@Fa3!
70 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
203.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2018
pros: old homam 3 heroes, creatures appearing after long time
new story and campaign
a lot of new creatures

cons: bugs ... quite a few for such a big name game
a lot of skill descriptions are not really explaining what they really do
quick combat AI is no brain, to avoid troop casualties you have to replay literally every single combat as there is no option to let creatures leave without bloodshed like in previous homam games - you will spend much more time playing one game than usually with previous homam games

4/10
 

Siro
103 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
67.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
I think this is my first review i had to write. This game is a complete disaster. Horribly slow on a PC that is pretty good! I always buy hero games but after Heroes 6 and 7 which both was a discgrace this is the final ♥♥♥♥!
 

Vismot 900
120 products in account
4
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2019
Product refunded

Played awesome 16 minutes during which game shut down my PC entirely 3 times in a row even on low settings.
 

Rink
117 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
91.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2020
Meh. Forced myself to finish this game. Lack of a compelling story, totally not interested in any of the characters. Buggy, which shouldn't be the standard for this franchise.
 

toucanbuzz
134 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2021
Product received for free

THIS GAME KEEPS DELETING MY HARD WORKED CREATIONS I SPENDED 9 HOURS ON IT AND ITS GONE DONT BUY THIS IF YOU MAKE GAMES AND MODS
 

WarFrame Madness!
17 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
115.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2015
Out of sync!

Thats the main reason why i stopped playing Heroes 7. In every Game for me WORKING Multiplayer is a MUST. Because after I played a time against the AI, which is by the way shocking stupid in heroes 7, i get bored. No new strategy, no human thinking i'll never play a strategy game against an AI for long.

Every Heroes i played from Heroes 3 (i played heroes 2 Multi too but only Hotseat) had a working multiplayer.

And at the top of that if you made a savegame, at a point where the Game was not OUT OF SNYC, well that was useless. Because the Game CORRUPTED the SAVEGAMES from before as well.

I NEVER encountered a game in the HISTORY of GAMEPLAY that allowed the program to TOUCH AND CHANGE your SAVEGAMES. Because a SVEGAME IS SUPPOUSED TO BE SAAVVEE!

I Buyed the Geme for me and my girlfriend and and was looking forward to the release. I rusheed home from work after i started downloading the game before work and started playing. And what a dissapointment. After 4 hours of screwing around I came to the conclusion that the game was not playable in multiplayer.

They announced a big patch and after the patch release (over 1.5 GB) i hoped they fixed it but it still didn't work.


One more Thing: the convertion of Cities that worked perfectly in heroes 6 was not implimented in heroes 7.

Now let me tell you one thing, fans of cities non convertable:
If you ar playing Academy and your Human opponent plays Sylvanas. You conquer 2 Cities one is Dungeon and one is Nekromacer.

Your Opponent conquers the other 2 and both are sylvanas. He stack all his creatures and you don't. How can you still win that game when your human opponent has 3 times the ammount of creaturens on a stack??? At least it should be an option at map settings before you start, so if anybody doesn't like that, it can be disabled.

Converting Cities was Progress. And they removed it and replaced it throug errors out of sync and by the way where are the dwarfs, my favorite from Heroes 5. Of course it just happened there were no programmers left to work on them, they were too busy programming errors and removing progress.

I would like to say that i never was that dissiapointed by a game. But honestly i have to admitt i was: Rome 2 total war was quite the same dissapointment.
 

Benomacer
111 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
573.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2016
Ive always loved the HOMM series. This game is good, still has some issues, and it seems like campaign is the only game mode to recieve love by the devs. I do liek this game better than HoMM 5 and 6, although i did prefer the skill/spell tree from HoMM 6. And i hope they add some of the missing/awaited factions and fix bugs and add more maps for skirmish and not make it so easy to get infinite resources!
6.5/10
 

EdgeCrusher9
207 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
165.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
This is the real deal! Been a fan of the franchise since I was a kid. This game brought back the quantity over quality (unlike Heroes 6). All in all, best one so far, however, I wish there could be an inferno campaign.
 

PunchYou
156 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
101.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2021
this game is the crappiest game ever designed in the HOMM series
the factions and heroes hadnt got a minute of thought from the player perspective
I hope Ubisoft will go bankrupt because of what they did to this amazing series
DONT BUY THIS!!!!
NOT EVEN WITH 99% OFF
 

avihaipetel
54 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2018
Game is full of bugs, Harpy won't return to previous spot after attacking, I couldn't attack an opposing creature even though it was completely there...Shame, I actually really like the franchise and bought this game only after seeing all the positive feedback. Asking for a refund.
 

BlackDragon
42 products in account
2
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2021
This game is a buggy mess. Several features tend to break in the game, and these are just a couple of examples.
Saved-game corruption, UI elements dissapearing, hotkeys stops functioning, no longer possible to recruit units because that ****ing caravan screen bugged out... again.
Needs serious bug-fixing. Buyers beware!
 

Claugh
222 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
599.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2015
It certainly has had a rough start, but Heroes VII has the potential to be the best in the series. It seems as if they are concentrating on playability and fan made content.

I know I'll be spending a lot of hours playing this game.
 

Royman
27 products in account
1
25 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
111.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2016
I will never ever buy an Ubisoft product again as long as I live.
 

gg
64 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2020
משחק מצוין ומעניין
 

nati7699176
57 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2016
There almost one year after release and there a lot of bugs in multiplayer
the graphics are good but the game play is really awful because of many bugs
 

Old-retro-gamer
66 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
102.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2016
This review is based on not paying full price for the game. The campaign is really grindy, and really boring. The skirmash maps are the best part of this game -- unfortunately, there just aren't too many of them.

There are serious serious balance issues, specifically prime spells -- Implosion / Summon Elemental are way overpowered to other magic trees -- basically these are win spells.

Overall I enjoyed this at $25, but would be sorely disappointed if I had paid full price.
 

hoochieminh
534 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2019
Saw the complete edition at -90% on steam, so what the heck.

Running it on Intel Hades Canyon, horrendously laggy with default settings, I'll find some day with more time to try to tune it.

Good thing this also comes with HOMM3, guess I'll just play this in the meantime.

Of course I recommend it, when it is -90%, otherwise please do not waste your money on this crap.

Update 08 Dec 2019:
Good thing I gave a positive review. It was horrendously laggy on my Hades Canyon because of overheating (dust buildup, clocking 100 degrees celsius). After I cleaned up, it runs smoothly even in high/ultra settings. Ran through the elf campaign, pretty good so far.
 

goatman
34 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
133.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
After one year from the launching, I picked up this game once more and I am ganna switch the "No" to "Yes" for the efforts developers have been updating this game with and current status of the game. This time I resumed the progress of main story campaign and finished it with much more pleasant experience. Soon after that, I purchased Trial by fire and got my hands on it. Although it seems the expansion have brought some more bugs, it is still fascinating for Asha Fans like me.
It does deserve a recommend now, I think, but it has been more than one year since the launching. I am happy with game right now but really worry the future of this franchise. We do not have that much "one year"s to spare, UBSOFT. Today they just pushed an another update, so excited !
 

Darkburpy
145 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
104.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
Changed back to thumbs up after they resolved online issues

Changed to thumbs down, when after a year their servers seem to be down. Game's not playable with friends despite being marketed as that. So. Big time no. Eff you Ubisoft, i'll remember this


I won't deny that HOMM5 was fairly bad. (what happened to 6?)

HOMM7 is pretty darn good! What a Corona Crisis treat.

So it comes with HOMM3 HD edition for free, and i got this on sale. HOMM3HD loaded right up and after finishing a 1v1 beating my zoomer friend, we were on the right path to a great self-isolation day.

HOMM3 remains in the background a lil thing i can alt-tab into and take some turns on the campaign, the memories of playing this as a kid remains, but its actually fun and looks good. Works and actually looks good. Not like many other remasters.

We loaded up HOMM7, and it also more or less worked flawlessly. I installed and got into ubisoft easy peazy and the game booted right up. One of my close mates had a few issues and yelled a lot of Swedish obceneities at not being able to be the dwarves, i told him to STFU he got the game gifted from me and to join the lobby already. And we got into a game.

And its working. **BOLD** IT Feels a lot like the HOMM3 i am playing in the background, just with better graphics...effing simultaneous turns...and different racial names.

Great lil thing to get on sale to play with friends. HOMM3 HD is nearly, if not, worth the sale price alone.

Stay safe out there. Gamers have fun on our lil Corona Vacation
 

mich
1,177 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
80.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2016
Much better now than when it launched. Solid mechanics, but a godawful amount of bugs remaining and I've changed my review from recommended to not at all seeing as how the developer announced that they stopped supporting it in October 2016, issues be damned.
1. The might / magic balance is insanely broken on the side of magic (Any character with Chain Lightning will devestate you. It's not a question. This will happen.).
2. I've had heroes just up and vanish mid-map (Not defeated, mind you, just vanish outright. Game still thinks they're present, but they can't be moved or located.)
3. There are monsters just... floating around the map screen sometimes. Way, way up in the air. No reason to be there.
4. The last thing I care to write, but certainly not the last thing wrong is easily the worst thing about this game: The campaign balance is broken to the point of being infuriating. The final map of the expansion is easily the hardest in the series, even when played on easy. I've beaten every single game in the series, most on the hardest difficulty, but the balance is so badly off-kilter, I had to give up. Many of the maps are now timed and objective based, so you have to play a few times, figure out what it wants you to do in what order, then RUSH to do it, then you'll still have to reload often. The exploration and strategy you loved from previous Heroes games has been replaced with frantic running and forced reloads since you couldn't possibly have known what was coming in the map, and encountering it is an automatic failure due to time constraints.
It's the first one of the series that PUNISHES exploration. Do not purchase this.
And for the love of gaming, if you've never played one in the series, please don't start with this. They're normally not this bad, I promise.
 

Ace T'Ken
4,891 products in account
6
2 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
Simply one of the best games out there if you are into Turn based strategy and can ignore the fact it need Ubisoft uplay.

At 75 % discount it is a bargain and will have a long game play both in single player and multiplayer.
 

Derrida
14,753 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 7
out of 7 its top 3. 3,5,7,2,1,4,6. don't play 6 and 4...... 1 is a classic DOS game but its too old for me to say its top 5 in 2022. i still got the original disc in a barried box somewhere... anyway only thing bout 7 which Could have made it better imo. 3do/world computing instead of ubi.. and i liek the old school resources then the new style ones. and i miss the classic sounds... and i liked the 3d 360map view of the towns. just for something different. the UI is very easy to navigate however and the game looks nice and plays like an old HoMM.
 

Ice-Blade
12 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2017
I didn't play this much. I grew up on this series, starting with part 1. There have been good ones and bad ones, and different companies handling it. I was originally happy when Ubisoft picked up the series, decent graphics and games in their stead. I held off on buying this because of the reviews. I finally got it on sale. I couldn't even get past the first campaign.

It feels like they subcontracted the last game engine to a new studio who made a bare bones expansion pack. Everything feels the same, the factions even feel bland -- Angels again for humans, etc. The story feels so over the top silly that I couldn't get into it.

Part of it is me being older and expecting more, and part of it is them not advancing the series enough. I was hoping to play the Random Map Generator, but sounds like the strategic AI is toast too.

Maybe next time around.
 

Mikelangelo
518 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2015
I played HoMM since the first edition and finaly I get the same feeling again with this version as with HoMM 1, 2 and 3.
And I read here a lot about bugs and crashes, but I just got only one crash, the first time I want to start this game, directly after installation. So I restarted my PC and since that moment, no crashes at all anymore.
Maybe this is, because I only play offline and not play multiplayer games. (because it would take to much time)
The graphics a pretty fine, only when you suspect the character to see talk, their mouths are not moving. That is a little bit strange nowadays. :)
So, my conclusion is, that I am very happy with this game. And I guess, I will spend a lot more hours on this game.

 

saintinel
412 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
278.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2015
I tried playing this game through and eventually had to give up. Aside from the game breaking issues that occurred on numerous campaigns (corruption over half way through or glitches to disable hero spells) the negative perception of Ubisoft as being deaf to quality control concerns, that go back until at least their last rushed out, glitch-laden iteration of this franchise, has turned me off to the game.

I'm a super nerd and tried. I love turn-based so am as patient as you would expect of a player of these kinds of games but to have such a poor product with a company who holds such a poor record behind it has ruined what I had hoped would be at least a 400+ hr love affair.

Back to Bethesda it seems. At least they give a ♥♥♥♥ about the people who buy rather than how many of us purchase. Who knew that the classic philosophy of building a quality product to attract consumers would win out...
 

benjaninja77
53 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
4,167.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
Played it like once...
 

xeen313
164 products in account
4
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2015
Buggy and ugly. I will never pay a game from the Heroes sereies, cause it is dead while Ubisoft making it.
 

anykey
102 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
239.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25
Reminds me of the good old Heroes 3.
 

aantonioaberrios
3 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
I have never played a more broken game in my life. It is so buggy that I can't even complete the 2nd campaign mission because for some reason completing more than one quest on the same day breaks the game. I want my money back. Steam I hope you take note of this and stop companies from robbing the people that use your service.
 

LoztSoul
294 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2018
A game full of bugs, glitches etc. Really bad work from the developer, inadequate price. wouldn't pay even $5, if I knew what messed up game this is. disappointed in all ways possible. had the game for a year or so, nothing got fixed yet. for the price of this game I could get a fully functional, regularly updated game. Not this...... 2/10
 

Yoshke
37 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Was worried about getting this game but its actually pretty good. Would definitely reccomend for fans of the heros games. There are alot more options in the game than in previouse installments and it is alot of fun to play.
Its Heroes of Might and Magic, and a good game.
 

Cabbage
515 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
132.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2016
Was an awful game at release, but has since been worked on with many patches and hopefully more to come, so maybe soon it'll actually be the complete fantastic game it should have been at release. The game has tons of strongpoints, unfortunately the many bugs and poor AI brought it down tremendously.
 

Najty
62 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2020
I used to play Heroes 3-4 for hours and days without any interruption but It feels like this dynasty is over with terrible story line and nothing new. gg.
 

Gudi
57 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
222.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2019
Atrocious AI
 

kornetka
47 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2016
I've been playing Heroes of Might and Magic for years, and it finally feels like this one is going back to more of a 3 feel. WAY more than VI or V did.
 

Snackrifice
239 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
34.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2021
Long time avid fan of the series. After 184 hours played, I've finally given up on this game as the bugs, especially the save game crashes and lost games, are just too heart sinking to continue.
 

jkhee
189 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2021
I didn't like this very much since I played it for 18 hours, or whatever it was, it's like the majority of the M&M franchise,
 

PjuskEz
37 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2015
This game is plagued with game-breaking bugs. Been playing since HoMM1 and this is by far the worst release ever. The gameplay itself is solid, but playing multiplayer with friends for more than a few turns is out of the question. Every patch addresses this 'out-of-synch' error that breaks the game, but still manages to persist. This is pretty simple ♥♥♥♥ and the game did have a beta phase. Consider this game in beta still with an incompetent dev team that may or may not ever fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Waste of $50
 

bennybellum
115 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2015
This is a very entertaining and very much brings you straight into the HoM&M feeling. I think the Developers have done a great job of adding stuff that the community was asking for, better city management, more combat option etc etc. i am really enjoying playing it.
 

AlNeo1973
5 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2016
Been playing heroes since #2. Never been one to play lots of the single player campaigns, much as it is with this one, so my review is purely based on the multiplayer/hotseat system

It's okay, just okay. The tears of Asha make the game end automatically, which sucks, I want to have to figure out through obelisks as to where it is located and have an advantage over my opponent in that retrospect, or have to fight super tactfully to counteract it.

The AI is incredibly stupid, even on the hardest difficulty, (haven't played in ages so that MAY have changed but highly unlikely) not to mention the sheer resources the hardest difficulty gets so quickly makes absolutely no sense, i agree, game is meant to be hard, but when you have 2 weeks worth of Champions in the first month, i mean come on, where did you find these magical resources? Like i said though, could come wipe me out or put pressure but too stupid to engage.

6/10
 

~ Pyomeitso ~
97 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2018
Great game if you want to play solo, but if you want to play multiplayer, it is CRAP. It is nearly impossible to play an entire game in one sitting, and if you save the game (and usually even if you don't) just as you get to the point where you can start doing things, it gets out of sync and you are unable to advance to the next turn and your save is useless.

DO NOT BUY!!! It is all but UNPLAYABLE!
 

Chu-Chu
254 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2016
Product refunded

I love heroes 5 and while its not as good, I still really enjoy heroes 6. Heroes 7, however was tragic.

I'm not sure how they made the graphics worse from 6 to this but they are horrible. The game play is also laggy and was unplayable even though my computer has te specs to run it. Also I have no idea what they were thinking on the cut scenes as they are horrible. I didn't make it very far into the campaign but the telling a story premis is weird and I was not a fan.

I seems like they released an unfinished game.
 

scott
18 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2017
The multiplayer in this game does not work and never did
 

faraner
308 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2017
i read tons of people write bad about this game personally i really enjoyed it and have only ran into a few bugs but nothing that was game changing.
 

The Wild Wild Nugget
177 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
205.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2015
Game was very buggy when it first was released, but it has been patched and is now playable.
 

BIGTALK
260 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
The game is pretty raw now :( but it's not bad.
4 gb memory was allocated just after loading main menu... What the f*ck was loaded in this main menu!?
I'm sorry it's 3/10
Worst realisation of heroes.
Game is in late beta stage, much worse than batman pc version.
 

Maksim
165 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
492.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
I felt like I was paying to test a game on its way to being released into production. I asked for my money back. 50ish hours where the majority of it was waiting for the computer to do its turns. Now I can't go a few mins without the game freezing. And I couldn't even get a refund. Horrible. Stay away from this game. Look for a cheap/used copy Heroes MM 3 if you don't already own it and play that instead.
 
A developer has responded to this review

ttigley
19 products in account
3
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
83.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
I have been a fan of the HMM series since the release of III and tried and played with all versions before. To me, VI was a huge disappointment mainly becasue I play the game for the story. I believe I am not alone when I say that I do not have the time what it takes to finish a scenario on super hard mode and often go for easier settings. Heroes VI was so badly balanced that adventuros players like me had no chance finishing a campaign without denying their nature and focusing only on the objective. Enough said, I still have 100+ hours played.

Now back to Heroes VII, I have been really looking forward to this game, however the bad reviews and the price tag put me off. As a real fan I could not be satisfied with this and decided to wait for the christmas period - honestly, I knew that because of all the bad reviews the game would not cost more than £20 - and I was right.

So here I was, after a long time of waiting I finally got to try out the game. I was expecting clunky gameplay with tons of bugs, however what I saw was a whole lot better than what I expected.
Unlike other people reviewing this game, I started on patch 1.6 that may make a huge difference (perhaps).
So here is what I found so far after finishing the first heaven campaign and being at 4/5 in the necromancer campaign:


Negative (ish)/Could be better:
- Cutscene animation - frozen characters. Annoying, but can live with it. Doesn't change my impression of the story at all.
- Clunky movement - yes, it is true that often you stop your hero with using too many or too few clicks. Can live with it.
- Clunky targeting - Often by reselecting a target if you do not click on the rigth side of it then your character may chose a longer route to it and you end up losing movement points. To me this was the most annoying, but can get used to it.
- Not being able to replay cutscenes - This may be a user error but I missed the finishing cutscene of the heaven campaign and found no way of replaying it. Thankfully youtube had all the videos I needed. Just to clarify I did try to re-finish the campaign from a save but the council hall cutscene did not replay.
- No inferno faction - Perhaps we will have this later, cleary the creatures are there and you definitely got to see at least one inferno hero, perhaps just need to be unlocked?
- Lack of animation - Becasue I like to see my awesome creatures when I hire them there and then without any extra clicks. Not a tragedy, just would be nice.

Positive
- Good story - yes, I read the reviews of the story not being good enough but so far I am quite amased and all I can say that perhaps people haven't quite managed to grasp idea of the story so far. Truth is that HOMM V had an awesome story and it is very hard to match this. All in all, this is different but so far I am quite happy with it.
- Balanced difficulty levels - Will not take days and weeks to finish a campaign. I love this. Easy should be easy. If you want harder play on hard...


All in all, I am glad that I did not let the bad reviews stop me from buying this game. so far I have not seen any bugs and while I agree that it should not be in the £40+ price tag it is an enjoyable game and would recommend to all true fans of the Heroes series. I am really looking forward to explore all the different factions and abilities, perhaps I will write a more in depth review once I have done this. Until then, HAVE FUN!

Advise the devs: hire an idiot...... And I mean the worst of the worst.. If he/she cannot complete easy then it is not easy.. you have 4 more tiers of difficulty to prove yourselves.
 

Diamondswan
94 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
288.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2015
Hello world. I play Might and Magic from the beginning. So I started with Heroes of Might and Magic 1 and I have bought and played all the following Heroes of Might and Magic games. All those bad comments make me doubt to buy this game. With patch 1.06 I deceided to buy and I am very very glad that I did that. Heroes VII IS FANTASTIC. I have played the hotseat tilll Heroes III because the next versions were not that fun enough.

HEROES VII has given back the fun and the races we all loved to play. This game feels like the old days and all the fun I have had with it. I have played several hot seat games with different races and I have discovered no errors or bugs. What I discovered was a beautiful 3D world with beautiful heroes, monsters and fights.

The graphics are very very beautiful also the castles are inside, I really like the level up tech tree. The best and funniest level up tech tree I have ever seen in a Heroes game. This make you want to level up and to get more and more spells and skills. This also is with the artifacts you will find. The music and the sounds are also very beautiful. Also during the fights. This is so much better then in Heroes 6. Also the music in the castles are very nice and beautiful.

The controls feels as usual and more of that. The different options you have are very very good. Ai speed, adventure speed, combat speed, camerea scroll speed etc. II really like the option to slide the fight movie cam from 0 till 100. So you can choice how much you want to have a cutscene form your fight. Overall, I am very very pleased that I have bought this game. The game is top and has already gave me al lot of gameplay fun with beautiful graphics, sounds and music
 

Grr Grr
111 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2016
I liked this game, but I did grade on the curve that I didn't expect it to improve on HOMM3. I have enjoyed playing it and will eventually complete the campaign. My only gripe is that they removed gryphons as a regular recruitable troop, they were one of my favorites! Very sad.
 

solsiva
169 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
132.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2016
What a great game!! I've been a big fan of the franchise since the first one was released. I would rate this one up there with Heroes 3 & 5. I would love to see a couple of expansions with the addition of some new factions. This game is way better than the reviews show.The new patches seemed to work. I'm using an AMD a10 5700 processor at 3.4ghz and an r9 280 video card and I have 14 hours in this game and with all the settings maxed I haven't had any issues with it.
 

dimebag_fan
393 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2016
Other than the resource management and city development, I've got to rate tyhis game as borderline-awful.

I'm running a pretty high end laptop, plenty of RAM and HDD space, optimised for performance and it is ...slow. No instantantaneous move option and even at the max 400% my troops move slowly.

The AI? Well I remember a game called Galactic Civilisations where their idea of "AI" was to give the computer around 2 times as many ships as you had and even though their tech level was the "same" you'd be killing them at a rate of 5 of yours to one of theirs, so to beat one enemy fleet meant throwing around six of yours at it one after another. This one is the same.

Easy difficulty, built the army up quite nicely and went over the bridge with around 200 tier 1, 170 tier 2, 120 tier 3, 80 tier 4, 40 tier 5 and 22 tier 6, hero was as high as I could get at the time, level 11.

Ran into the computer...roughly three times as many troops at each tier and the hero was level 25.

Was not exactly a fair fight.

Tried 4 different scenarios and never got more than 2 hours play out of each one before being thrashed and subsequently I've a game that, even on easy difficulty, I've no hope of beating

Graphics - pretty
Speed - slow
Gameplay - poor
Content - average

Back to Fallout Shelter on my phone I guess. Glad I waited till it was 50% off before I bought it.
 

danielmj.walmsley
77 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
Product refunded

I don't want to sound conceited, but this game is simply not done. Much of the game feels very half baked and rushed. My first step into a campaign the cutscenes had static models with a voice over to it and while that style can work, I expected more of a Heroes game. I know that many of the older fans are rabid about keeping things the exact same way, but this game in 2015 HAD NO TUTORIEL i mean i know enough about Heroes titles to be able to play, but did anyone who had it realise you could set a Govenor to your towns to give you bonuses? No? wonder why. Oh how bout that Theives Guild menu? Horrid. The town builder is a mess and very unappealing.

If you are new to the whole Heroes system I suggest against it. The deveolpers Hate you and don't care to give you the same consideration in this game as much as they do the older players.I could say more, but the other Reviews can help you with that.
 

LuminousEyes
168 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
836.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 29
I too prefer the griffins trained by the human(haven) faction
I would like to have a Character customization screen, open world aspect, I love the randomization of the maps creatures. A con for me is that after accumulating a set of armor (helmet, sword, shield...etc) the quest is over. I am a grinder and attempt to complete each quest at full power. The next con.. the gliding of the horses, my mounts are not galloping but gliding over the map. I don't know if anyone is working on this still. I love the polished look and feel of the characters. If I had friends I would highly recommend this. The replay value is AWESOME!!!
 

urikirk
8 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
105.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
I'm seriously thinking that this game is a BAD JOKE. After going to campaign map 2 and exploring around half of the map loading the game takes 13 minutes !!!! with better engine than the recommended. Than I've upgraded RAM from 8GB to 16 GB and put the game on a new highspeed SSD. The same load took just 5 minutes (also a horrid joke) but after one more hour of gameplay I've tested a skilltree, tried to load back the game and after 20 minutes!!!! I went crazy.
WHAT THE ***** ARE YOU DOING dear Ubisoft developers? SOLVE THE MEMORY PROBLEM AT ONCE! I tell you the simple basic requirements: starting the game should not take more than 1 minute, loading a game should not take more than 15 sec and smooth gameplay please.
 

Blair
39 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
83.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 13
Mechanics and balance better than in III and V. but some bugs make fighting AI too easy (Blizzard and Fire Wall are OP)
 

globik1
7 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
312.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2021
Good game. They need to included the Uplay with the download of game. If you don't have it you will need to get it off the net.
 

gunther3d
6 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
366.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2021
Some of the levels have obvious traps, yet none are insurmountable to sufficently skilled player.
 

AussieGriffin
205 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Based on the first 2 hours of the game i would give it a 7.5/10 good game but I feel like the polish/time needed for this game to be great just wasnt there the very first cutscene for the campaign is very poorly done and looks rushed after that though the gameplay was actually quite fun.
 

Nicholas The Legendary
285 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2017
It may be a good game, but far away behind his predecessors. I pre-order this game for my childhood, but maybe it's time to bury those good days and my imagination. Full price or Deluxe version( I check the store page, it has gone ) is not recommended, trust me. I just vote for Might & Migic Heroes and Tarnum. Best wishes for all of you.
 

Wittman
227 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
450.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
As a long time fan of the HOMM series, I have been really looking forward to this installment. And for the most part, I am not disappointed. There are a few things that I would guess will be addressed through future patches but overall, they aren't deal breakers for me. A lot of people had problems with the game launching on the first day. For myself, I found that it would only launch through steam if I first had Uplay running in the background. As of this moment, I still need to have UPlay up or it will not launch through steam. There is also a significant wait time when I first launching the game. It's a minor annoyance at best that I think will be fixed at some point.

As far as graphics go, they aren't bad. The screenshots are a little deceiving thought. The game screen is not as crisp as the screen shots would lead you to believe. They aren't bad but they could be cleaned up a little. What I really like is the artwork and design of the creatures. It's not just a copy of creatures from previous games either. There is a nice variety of creatures that are decently animated, for this type of game. But I almost suspect that some of the screen shots were touched up a little.

I'm not really deep into the campiagns yet but so far, this one seems slightly easier than some of the previous campaigns from earlier games. So far, I've only played it on normal difficulty so I can't really speak on other difficulties. So far, I haven't had to restart a map because of being overwhelmed by the enemy too early. I haven't played through all of the faction campaigns yet so maybe I have just gotten lucky so far. It's a decent challenge so far but not overwhelming. The main thing is that I am having fun with it and that's what it's really about for me. It definitely has that HOMM feel and I am enjoying it very much. I would definitely recommend it if you are a fan of these types of games.
 

Elrick
483 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2017
* Unavoidable briefing for newcomers. It must be said first. *
This game has fallen a victim of greed, strategically incompetent, lazy publishers. Instead of having some patience and make careful investments to the future, they just threw all away.
In fact, you can see some kind of a textbook example what does the proverb "to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs" mean in real world. Such a shame. The grim fact is that they betrayed both the developers and customers by disabling any future support for this game - as soon as it reached definitely healthy stage and get its first expansion pack, Trial by Fire. The same story as Heroes VI & Shades of Darkness one.
So, technically, what does it mean for you, player? No future patches. No future content. No fresh creative community members to make interesting mods because HoMMVII is so badly crippled with negative reviews and overall hatred that it's almost impossible to attract new players now.
If such things doesnt't scare you to death, see below.
* End of unavoidable briefing *

Now, I must say it loud that I still recommend this game.
It has its own lovely looking design, not a fairy-tale, but definitely fantasy looking one. Units and factions are memorable and have different looks, not a strange-generic-trash one like in Heroes VI. 2D art is also very pleasant, except unit icons which could be better if devs have more time for them.
In Heroes VII, if you'll be patient and play through long campaign maps, you'll see some examples of really unique map designs not only for Heroes series, but for fantasy turn-based strategies in general. I mean terrain features - like crossings, destructible and rebuildable bridges, obstacles, or like mountains from dwarven campaign - which surprisingly look like big real mountains, in full 3D. I was so amazed when I saw them that I felt myself like a child playing Heroes a first time. The maps are beautiful and they spent a lot of efforts to make it that way.
The plot is so-so, but it's not boring as in Heroes VI. You don't feel yourself captured by the story, but mostly it is gameplay and beautiful looks that inspires you for playing. The game has sort of warm, convenient and calming feeling and I don't think that is just because it's a part of the famous franchise. HoMM VII has it's own attraction. Consider it better, remastered edition of HoMM VI (and final version of HoMM VI is not that bad too) - or a new concept on how HoMM VI should look if designers show some more love to the details.
P. S. Tales of Axeoth are such a charming mini-campaign! You'll feel strong HoMM IV nostalgia playing this.
 

Lanjane
302 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2020
Campaign review: TLDR=Terrible level design.
Strategy is frequently removed in favor of scripted storytelling - which often doesn't work quite right. I mostly done the Haven campaign as it is the recommended starting campaign, but also tried the metamagic one. Quest completion criteria is often gimmicky - you can complete a quest, and visit the quest giver and be turned away if you visit on the same turn the quest was completed because the requirements are only checked when you end your turn - except in the cases were it works differently. You can literally be turned away, only to receive a new quest to return to exactly where you were to complete the quest at the start of the next turn. This is clunky.
Worse, actual strategy seems removed in many maps. At the end of the haven map "Blessings of Freedom" you are given 500 titans - and any army you had before is irrelevant. Why even give the player towns to develop or fight if the battle is utterly impossible without the 500 titans and fairly easy with them?
In the same map "Blessings of Freedom" you are also given a quest to have Konrad hold a bridge as long as possible. You cant' move this hero but you control the tactical combat. However, if you manage to actually win the 7th fight which is supposedly impossible the entire level glitches and the campaign cannot proceed. To be fair it is very tricky to win the 7th fight but by splitting the 100 swordsmen to have some fodder stacks of 1 to take retaliations it is actually possible. The reward for figuring out how to actually win this fight tactically - which the wording of the quest implies you should do - is the level glitches out in the worst possible way because the next quest is simply never triggered and the player may not realize the problem. This is terrible game design, clunky writing, and glitchy coding. The campaign story isn't that bad, but it is very distracting to have to constantly worry about deciphering quest conditions.
For the terrible level/map design in the campaign I cannot recommend this game.

Singleplayer scenarios: Have not tried yet.

Multiplayer: Why would I multiplayer this when I can multiplayer Heroes 3?

Also, something is wrong with the sound/music settings. I turn off the sound but at the start of the next level - maybe triggered by the victory cutscene? - it turns itself on again and only fixes itself by restarting the game. Music has annoying repetitive elements or maybe that is sounds playing broken on repeat? Something is wrong with it.
 

barrackar
186 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2016
At this point in its development it is the best of the Heroes of Might and Magic Series. Lots of fun ... entertaining graphics good campaigns.
 

Webrider
816 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Worth $10 max. Don't buy it until a very good sale.
 

Ling.noi エッチ
95 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
74.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2016
For those who want aprox the same skins as Heros VI should buy this game, else you could just as well buy Heros VI, or better yet go for Heros III or V.
 

Lumske
399 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2015
While I did not play the game at launch; and I understand there were a few serious issues. It is very good now, borderline great. Smooth gameplay and very fun and engaging gameplay. Reminds me of Heroes 4.
 

Kaen
154 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
149.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2015
Long term Fan of Might & Magic Heroes. Heard of the issues reported on this forum but everything seems to be fixed now as I have not had any troubles. Happy with the purchase :)
 

Therasis
5 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2018
Overall, it’s a decent game! Visually beautiful and the gameplay is immersive! The AI is good and the variety of creatures is well-rounded.
The only cons I have found out so far would be: the camera control is broken, the city is in 2D and building progression is weird.
 

SleepyBarman
167 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 8
Most the bad revenues are about bugs. Not enough people mentioning the bland and crappy gameplay. How far has this series fallen? Most units are strategically the same, no unit trees or interesting variations. Sprites are the all that allow you to tell the difference between half these units. What's the point? Less abilities/units/variation than ever before?
 

Tratios
168 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Some improvements from the previous title:
- When you attack you can use auto-combat first, and IF your are not satisfied with the outcome you may do it over again manually.
- Each faction has choices to make when building their town. You must choose between unit types that may be available, which to boost populations for, and which utility buildsings you prefer.
- Neutral armies no longer consist of only 1 unit type.
 

Cognitive
159 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2017
This game is the ultimate nerd game (besides anything Star Wars).

Campaign: 8.5/10
The Campaign is intersting and engaging. Lets you play through 3 stories from all of the main factions.

Gameplay: 10/10
It may be a bit confusing if you are new to M&M Hero games, but the tutorial easily fixes that. It keep alot of the old game mechanics well adding some new ones (troop placement, new rescources, etc.)

Graphics: 8/10
The graphics arent the best but they are still awesome.

Factions: 10/10
Keeping some of the older factions like Haven, it also brings new ones to the table. I personally enjoy each faction, and each has it's own strengths and weakness.

I have played all the M&M Hero Games since the third and this has got to be my favorite. Overall I would give this game a 9.8/10 and highly recommend it.
 

David Hogg
87 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
158.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 25, 2019
Not as fun as prior editions and crashes a lot.
 

Darryl
663 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2015
I've been a fan of the series for a long time, but this game is just plain bad. Save your money and skip this one.
 

ddvlad
382 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2,529.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2020
Civilization meets Dungeon and Dragons. You build cities, develop characters, and have epic battles. The online game play is buggy, but the computer AI is very challenging.
 

bushidobryan
4 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2021
-Has to be launched through uplay/ubisoft app
-combat is boring and feels outdated as well as no gore at all
-music is nothing like the originals (no life to soundtrack)
-looks awful in everyway especially the UI
-progress is too complex
Not recommended 5/10 Go play the originals
 

Bahd Fallen
100 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
130.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2015
I have never seen so bad Heroes of might and magic game as this one .
When I played the first 2 campaigns I was wondering what I was missing not even mentioning the graphics , bugs , crashes and overpowered ram ABUSE . I have a very high end gaming rig so that should say enough.
Wondering why I mostly hated was that I found the storyline , gameplay and a lot less features that I was missing is just an outrage. Heroes 6 has so much more than 7 so I had hopes to see MORE in 7 NOPE it just looked like Heroes 5 no extras units not even new ones . units are been re-used from 5 all anime. graphic units where the same ( did they even do anything , or did they just copy the thing from 5 ) I do not see any different between these 2 games.
story line was MEEEEEEH could do much MUCH better , and the gameplay is just staggering had to move so far for resources/quests and back again it almost took me one day to play only 1 level ....that's just boring not even some old style villain that attacked me so I could level up fast only at the end when the campaign was almost done .
and last but not least THE SPY ROOM thingy or .....whatever seeing at the beautiful market place and dwellers the thief gild was just horrible like they did just not finished it .
I had high hopes but I now know this this game is pure made for money this game has nothing to do with HOMM series this is just a game that looks like HOMM they took the name and ran with the money . sorry for putting it like this but it is just an outrage and thinking I payed almost 50,- euros for this game ....NEVER AGAIN
 

DarkDC
36 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
I'll say this before I start my review:

Ubisoft and Limbic "Entertainment" (because based on this game, "Entertainment" in their company name is a lie) should feel ASHAMED for this, whip their backs 2015 times whilst chanting: "I messed up, please forgive me". But no, they won't do it, they don't feel ashamed, you know why? Because we're at fault here, we bought this ♥♥♥♥, we pre-ordered it and after the game was released and people who didn't pre-ordered: they read the reviews that this is S**T, yet they buy the game for "nostalgia". Why should they feel ashamed? They got your money, you bought this s**t, you threw your money at this, you saw the warning signs... WE. ARE. AT. FAULT. Until we realise that, developers will keep on doing this s**t, because we're still going to buy this for "nostalgia" or other reasons, so why put effort into it?



Oh yeah: TL/DR warning ahead, skip to the bottom for conclusion.


Let's start. First off: "teh bugz".

They are everywhere. EVERY. WHERE. I can't fight other heroes, because it crashes. I can't load a game, because it crashes. I can't edit a map, because it crashes. Can't do this, can't do that... basically, don't do ANYTHING, beacuse it may crash.
How can you ♥♥♥♥ up Unreal Engine like this? I saw hobbyist developers, HOBBYIST DEVELOPERS do better stuff in UE than these "Professional" (I put it in quotes because they are clearly not professionals at all). Hell, 7dfps people do better than this, IndieDB, GameJolt... sure it's hard to compare because this game is massive and those are indie games, which means they are smaller, but there is no excuse for so many bugs. Why? Because these people are supposed to be "Pros". GameJolt, 7dfps, IndieDB (and other sites) they are indie devs and their games have less bugs than this AAA+ title. It's kind of expected now in 2015.


Next, let's tackle "teh grafics".

They... I think they kind of fit. The UI is a mad mix between Heroes of Might & Magic V and Heroes of Might & Magic III, it's kind of appealing. To me at least. The town building is OK, the town screen is a MAJOR step backwards from Heroes of Might & Magic V. I thought it was AWESOME when for the first time, we finally could see the city 360 style! It was sooo awesome! Aaaand then came Heroes of Might & Magic VI... aaaaaaand then came Heroes of- oh sorry, it's no longer called Heroes of, now it's just Might & Magic VII...
Graphical glitches... are rare, which is surprising. Really. After you look at the campaign menu and you see the STATIC MODELS "talk" to each other you are surprised that the rest of the game has animations and almost no graphical glitches. I wish I could rotate the map 360 as well, but no, of course not. They have to hide unfinished assets somehow. The underground world is a joke. It doesn't look different than overworld. In III, V and EVEN VI, you could clearly distinguish underground from overworld. Here though... It's a mess. One big pile of kaka.
Another thing that gets me: Heroes V, when you selected a monster and wanted to know more about it, you saw it's 3D model next to the book with all the data and you could easily compare the monster's upgraded version with the standard one. Here... you get a short bio! No, like REALLY short. It's amasing that these bios are longer than 10 words. Oh yeah, and instead of a cool 3D model, you get a "cool" concept art thingy. Another step backwards. Sure the 3D in V was not very good and the animations and models were more... childish, but... really? A concept art painting? *sigh*...


But we're not done yet...

Teh epic soundz...
Yeah if only they were epic... The VO (Voice over) is... meh. it's not good, not terrible, not ok... just meh. The sounds aren't always synchronised with the animations. It's surprising that they ARE synchronised most of the time. REALLY. I am serious. It's especially evident in combat if you set the speed higher or slower than 100%. Ridiculous.
Other sounds and music... it's meh. Want a visual representation? Do a thumbs-up, turn it sideways and then turn it a little more downwards, but not completely down and there you have it.


The A.I.
Ohhh boooy... since we're talking about A.I., I bet that Spielberg's movie is better than this one. I can't really compare, because like I said in "Teh bugz" section, I can't fight the other heroes at all, both the A.I. and other player's heroes. It's not just ridiculous. It's ludicrous. I can't fight heroes, in heroes game. WAT.


BUT WE'RE NOT DONE YET!

The map editor.
You think it su**s? You bet it su**s. I can start it, sure, but can I edit anything? Well yes, I can click on "new". Guess what happens then? Did you guess crash? Because if you did, then you are 10000% correct. Again, it's ludicrous, because the editor is the DEFAULT MAP EDITOR from UDK and UE3. You even have an option to SWITCH THAT VIEW. WHY? WHAT IS THE REASON!? Did they forget to edit it out? Were they too lazy to? Were they too busy wiping their virtual/real bottoms with our virtual/real money? WHAT!? WHY!?



TL/DR (IF YOU WANT TO KNOW MY FINAL THOUGHTS, IF NOT SKIP EVEN MORE):


FINALLY:

Teh conclusion.
It s***s. Of the 3 new Heroes, this one is THE WORST. There is no comparison. I could play VI, it was not as good as V and not as memorable as III, but I could play it at least. The sounds are meh, the graphics are OK, the A.I. is most likely meh, the UI is OK.
Between these new 3 Heroes, I would recommend V with the expansion packs. It's the closest thing you can get to Heroes III and V is the best of the new 3D Heroes. Compared to this, it's perfect. Compared to VI, it's excellent.
Oh yeah and may I ask WHY is there no Inferno? Why are so many factions missing? "Because story, duuhhh". Bulls**t. We always had Inferno. There is also one more faction missing (I think? IDK, they were not so memorable as the factions from Heroes III.) from the previous games.
Wait, I just figured out WHY it's missing. DLC! Yes! Brilliant! Yeah, that's the way to do it! You think they will feel ashamed that they are doing this? You really think so? Go back, all the way up in my review and answer again, or let me answer for you: No, of course they're not going to feel ashamed, because people WILL buy the DLC, because "nostalgia", because "I can't play without my teh best faction evaa", because of "reasons".
I can't belive I wasted my money on the deluxe edition, I could get Metal Gear Solid or Fallout 4 FOR THE SAME PRICE AND I know that Metal Gear Solid will work and I'll have 50+ hours of fun with it and I'm 90% sure that Fallout 4 will work. The rest 10% is reserved for bugs, but nonetheless I will have 50+ hours of fun with it as well.



TL/DR:

Don't buy this, it's kaka, if you want 3D Heroes that is the closest you can get to Heroes III, get Heroes V. It may be more childish (for my taste at least), but it's the best 3D Heroes there is. If you don't want 3D Heroes, get Heroes III with ALL the DLC on GOG. If you don't want Heroes at all, save yourself the trouble, save those additional 10 euros or whatever your currency is and buy Metal Gear Solid V, Fallout 4, Just Cause 3, Xcom 2, etc. etc.

This is the last product I bought from Ubis**t. No, really, it is. I'm done. I'm done with Heroes and Ubis**t. That's it. Keep in mind that those stars do not replace "-of-" in their name, they replace nasty letters "-hi-" and if you combine this with "Ubis--t" you get a very plesant word.
 

Sugar
1,021 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
87.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2015
I just bought the game, thinking that the newest patch (1.5) would eliminate the horrible experience others were having before. I read some harrowing reviews but I love the previous games and have played all of them (A LOT), ever since the first game came out when I was in high school.
Heroes suddenly losing all skills and spells when you load game was one of the nightmare scenarios.
I was disappointed and angry when I loaded a game for only the 3rd time and seeing my hero with no skills or spells... half the fun of this game is customizing your hero to fit a certain strategy or boost certain creatures or spells.

You would think Ubisoft had SEEN this issue in game testing MONTHS ago and eliminated it right then and there but apparently they want everyone to hate and/or distrust them.
Ubisoft you made a horrible mistake when you published an incomplete game and thought everyone would be okay with it.

I'm sure this game will be fun if and when they handle all the issues, right now I can't recommend it. Patch 1.5 was no savior.
 

erik-f
116 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2015
This game has crashed every time I have played a multiplayer match. With luck you can actually join a multiplayer game because you are required to open a port on your computer before even hosting a game but after you enter the chances of desyncing for no reason or just straight crashing are too much. Also upon trying to reload the multiplayer game which we were 3 hours into, we discovered that you have to both have the save file you are trying to load, without multiplayer autosaves this is an impossible task to accomplish. Finally I just want to say I have been a fan since HOMM3 and this game, while improving on HOMM6 is still very far from anything that could be called the "best in the series".
 

TuesdayChicken
139 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
107.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
At this point this game is broken :( There's still a lot of bugs (in some battle you cant see the griid, some building wont be acctualy build, and Town Planner talent dosn't always work). Game work slugish, lots of units are rehash from MMH 6. Campaign is loughable. Instead of taking part in big coflict, you "play" stories people tell around table (exept 2 last missions i supposed) Cinematics are nonexistance, and no one bother to animate facec of cousil members. Theres a lot more to nag about but it pointless. Unless they fix it this game for me is as bad as Homm 4 that at least got superior story, that i acctualy enjoy.
 

Ateva84
559 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
This game crashes an absurd amount of times. I play by myself on a large or small map game still crashes. Me and my friend played this a very long time ago and we both bought this version so we could play. Well guess what we attempted to play on every single map and the game still crashes for both of us.
 

Krantwak
93 products in account
6
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2018
massive massive disappointment.

multiplayer does NOT work.

why do i need to go through massive loops to make it work?

activision blizzard has such simple online gaming made - why can't ubisoft do the same and make multiplayer easy and possible without having to install this, uninstall that, disable this in your router, turn this off?

THE ONLY company I EVER have trouble playing online with.

EVERY SINGLE other game works when playing online.

Tell you something?

bye ubisoft you lost a loyal fan.

if you can't even get multiplayer to work, what's the point of playing your games?
 

resolve.famous
11 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
There are three Might & Magic games I thought was spectacular - HOMM III, V, and Dark Messiah.

This game borrows heavily from all three of them. Necromancers are back as they should be - raising skeletons (and banshees) from the dead enemies, dragons are back (You now usually have a choice of last-tier unit) and the graphic style is a heavily modernized version of what you saw in III and Dark Messiah. The skill trees are more similar to the ones in HoMM V - which was the best in the series in that regard, I think - but it's not without ideas of its own.

The graphics look good, but my GFX 780 is struggling a bit at very high, but it's not bad. The graphic style is, for me, very good, they've rolled back the 'reinvention' they did in #6.

The interface has a few problems - you can't see the stats of your hero while choosing what to upgrade from goodie huts, which is the most direct complaint I have.

Those things aside, I was greatly enjoying my first few hours in the game, and I suspect we'll be friends for quite a while. :)

PS: I don't know anything about MP aspects, as they do not interest me.
 

Falaris
849 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2019
Don't buy this game. Still have "out of synch" bug, nothing changed since the beginning. It's unplayable on multiplayer (either LAN or online).
 

Fever
42 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
159.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2021
Crashes so hard it makes my computer completely shutdown, not even to desktop.
Game not supported anymore.
 

AshenPlanet
128 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2019
It'd be great if it worked.... but it doesn't. Bought it for multiplayer and it's essentially a scam. It's game breaking bugs don't present themselves until after a few hours... and then you've played too long so Steam refuses your refund. It's not a lot of money but am considering legal action as I just can't stand to let companies get away with this nonsense.
 

Hansel
119 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2016
I am not sure where all the hate is coming for this game, I love it! It is beautiful and fun and lots of hours of gameplay. I bought it twice by accident so pay no attention to my time played on here. I have run across hardly any bugs. Highly recommend :)
 

The True Emperor
354 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Game Mechanics: 8, few innovation, old heroes type, improved terran variety, backstab, sides attack.
Graphics: 9, great model, awful color match.
Animations 7, statue in main menu (no animation), good in gameplay
stories 7: so so.
audio 9: still good as usual.

final 8/10: fans game.
 

Dan
268 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2017
Multiplayer - Still Fails After A Long Game You Will Start Getting A Sync Error, Or Just A Frozern Turn Durning A Battle That Does Not Let You Continue Freezing The Game. Updates State that they fixed the issue last year, Thats A Negative Ghost Rider. Its Not A Firewall Issue Or Port Issue Like Ubisoft Trys To Pass The Buck To The End User, Its A Bug That Was Never Addressed And They Refuse To Fix It Making False Claims......
 

Gimpson
71 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
As with any Ubisoft game it bombed its launch date give them time to iron out the bugs and in a few months it will be playable. From a long time player of this series Heros M&M was my very first strategy game so I have a huge investment with this series hence the pre-order on a Ubisoft title. That being said a game that is slow paced and strategy base relies heavily on its story plot and cinematics. What concerns me is the lack of animation made clear at the start of the campaign before ever choosing your hero. You can hear the sound and if u look close enough tell the tongue is moving beyond that there is no facial animation in the opening cinematic or subsequent. I am hoping details like this are bugs like issues with the animations so they were frozen as to allow release on time. Remember devs have no true final say on a products release date they give an estimated date and marketing takes it and sets the release date. However if they are not bug related and they actually didnt rig or animate those sections of bones I for one would be highly disappointed in the production pipeline of their studio.

Even indie devs manage to release with the animations. Ark Survival evolved) is an un optimized game that always has bugs being worked on or not, but the Dinosaurs were there on release walking and dying properly.

Now more to the point the animations of the characters during battle sequence wasnt bad. However it leaves much to be desired when every cinematic breaks your immersion. Compounded by desyncing multiplayer games. I do not recommend this game in its current state wll update this review as patches are launched.

 

Drac
162 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2015
This game is trapped into an old design mindset...can't complain too much tho since the heroes community has chosen that (see the shadow council stuff).

Yes, there are truly several gamebreaker bugs and yes, the campaign is way too easy.

Still it's still heroes, and I like it
 

Lokhaman
2,022 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2016
I like HOMM VII so far. The game is much better than I thought it would be from all the bad reviews. And I haven’t had any major bugs. Already I am enjoying it more than HOMM VI and I also got it for 50% off. Happy
 

EisenHammer
219 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2015
Lackluster at best. It looks worse than HOMM V.
 

Nyard Lane
65 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2015
I like it, it reminds me HOMM3 a lot. I think mechanics and gameplay improved a lot compared to HOMM6, there is more buildings, more diversity with your heroes and more randomisation (for example as oposed to HOMM6 there is a magic guild with random spells each level, very similiar to the way that HOMM3 handled it) so each time you play you don't just chose the same skills & spells.

Yes, its buggy and requires improvement but at least for me it didn't crashed even once so it can't be that bad (or maybe I'm just very lucky).
Most annoying bug I encountered is vampires sometimes don't steal life making them kind of weak...

My only non bug related complain is they could add more content, it seems there is not enough spells, neutral units and structures on the map.

I have to say that once they fix the bugs and release a expansion with more content it may be my favourite HOMM (and I've played them all).
 

Malinari
310 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
117.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 29
I'm a long time Heroes fan and have been playing it since I was a child and recall Heroes II back in the 90s! Now in my thirties I find myself revisiting the series for the 7th installation (I have played all other versions from 2 through 6) and I've got to say that with the Unofficial Community Patch (UCP) this game is really quite enjoyable and very playable. I was expecting a load of dog cr*p since the Heroes series has been steadily declining in quality ever since Heroes 3. However the UCP-version of Heroes 7 is really effective at recapturing the essence and feel of some of the earlier Heroes games but with the modern, gorgeous graphics. If you are Heroes fan I emplore you to try this game since it has been bashed and downrated due to the neglect of Ubisoft but with the UCP you will definitely get some mileage out of this game. I am already playing my 5th skirmish map and have only uncovered a couple of minor bugs but nothing game-breaking. I am working my way though the different classes and just like the other Heroes games it seems Necromancer is seriously OP but its always that way right when you can raise your fallen troops from the dead!
 

dominic93331
36 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
47.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2016
I bought Heroes 7 out of blind loyalty to the franchise soon after it came out. I started with Heroes 1 when I was about 8 years old and played and enjoyed most of the games with a few exceptions. However Heroes 7 was basically unplayable when it came out. Coming back months later the game runs much better and is pretty decent. It doesn't stray too far from the heroes formula but it definatly adds it's own aesthetic that I enjoyed very much. The stories are interesting and I especially like the 3d map they use for the campaign. It really brings you into the world and helps you understand each factions standing in the grand scheme of things. If you're a fan of the series i'd recommend it. If you're new, watch some let's plays, if only for awhile. Take a look at the art design. That is truely the best part of this game.
 

Zelse
214 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2020
This game is bad. Stay away from it. Play any one of the other Heroes of Might and Magic games instead.
 

UltimateIceman
982 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
51.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2016
Better then 6, still not close to the earlier games
 

Psyadin
478 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
110.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2020
I think this game is broken for single player games. you can get through the 1st stages just fine. Even on easy settings the enemy is so deadly there is not any chance for survival. I love this game series but there seriously needs to be fixes to thos game. I have currently uninstalled it due to this issue.
 

CRACKINGZDOICHE
266 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
This game is extremely entertaining in its current state. The in-game graphics are impressive and I have yet to encounter a crash or display issue. I did encounter a campaign bug, but that should get fixed in a patch.

I have not tried multiplayer or the editor. I am just interested in the campaign portion. Athough I too don't really like UPlay I would purchase this game again. It's not perfect but there is a lot to enjoy.
 

gandalfthegrey
294 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2019
Not engaging.
Horrible UX.
None of what made 3 or 5 great.
Hard to see the hero against background.
All units look alike.
It's hard to see how they can keep getting this wrong after they got it right 4 titles ago...
 

Dranakar
280 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2020
long campain so worth it when its on discount
 

Slimfast-JF
189 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2020
Fun game with plenty of fun units. Online multiplayer gets a bit buggy.
 

CosmicLichra
84 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I really like the game! The best one since #3.

It's some small bugs, but nothing game changing.
I've tried campaign and skirmish without any big problems and very much fun! :)
 

Qulio
127 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
If you can ignore the absolutely appalling cut-scenes, then this is quite possibly one of the best games in the series. Great looking units, strategic combat with meaningful positioning, awesome hero customization and skills, good looking towns...etc. The atmosphere and music are very nice and I find myself truly drawn into the game and excited to explore the vast combination of possibilities with each faction. If you enjoyed Heroes V, get this. It's just as good if not better.
 

Icerune
174 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2018
Still too many bugs, can't play with friends on multi because battle always have endless block.
Just look on that:

YouTube™ Video: Homm 7 
Views: 346
GPU: GeForce GTX 970 CPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-8700K CPU @ 3.70GHz Memory: 16 GB RAM (15.96 GB RAM usable) Current resolution: 1920 x 1080, 75Hz Operating system: Microsoft Windows 10 Education

~8 hours gameplay
 

malina
245 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
Let me sum hmm7 for you: 5 min game start time, 5 min save game load time, 15 sec playtime, 5 min AI turn wait time, CRASH, RINSE REPEAT.

I was anticipating release of this game for many years. As someone who invested thousands upon thousands of hours into HMM franchise and who spent hundreds upon hundres of dollars, i must say that this game is pure and utter disappointment. And both developer Limbic, and publisher Ubisoft are responsible for this mess.
I should have known better after HMM6 fiasco, but i was naive and hopeful... NO MORE.
After 20 years with the franchise I will no longer purchase any HMM product unless rights transfer from Ubisoft to someone more competent and interested in the franchise.
This is my goodbye.
 

BoromiR
487 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
154.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2021
Could have been better optimized, still very difficult to get decent framerate on my AMD hardware. Has a random map generator for near infinite replayability. Massive improvement over 5 and 6. Heroes 3 is still the best, and 4 is still my favorite.
 

SM0K1NJ0E86
468 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
141.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Stay away, check the game's progress in maybe another year.

I have loved every HOMM game (yes even HOMM6) and yet I cannot recommend this game at all.

This game is a ripoff, an Alpha version charged at full price. It will need another year of development to be completed.

Shame on the developer and publisher. If you love making games and released something like this you should quit. I think everyone should come together for a class action against both for ripping people off.
 

Hungry
103 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2015
wait a moment.. it's finnished? nah this must be a joke.. seriously this is like a lot of thouse EA games, full of bugs and glitches, you can force yourself to play through some of them, but suddenly the game don't even work at all. We bought the game for myself, my otherhalf and my stepson so we could play lan together on it during the holidays.. wish we didnt. such a dissapointment..
 

NikaVillePlays
286 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2019
I rarely write reviews. But if I buy a game (does not matter if it was steam or anywere else), I expect to play the game. Starting this game, it forces you to install UPlay, in itself enough for this review, I bought it on Steam, why do I need another Store/Launcher!

But still after installing UPlay it ♥♥♥♥♥ up and won't start...

Update: I got it to run eventually, and the game is not good nor not bad(not comparable to HOMM 3) but certainly not worth the effor put in to get it running.

It's ok for like 5 bucks and a few hours play time, don't expect anything more.
 

Iqon
989 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2016
All the fluff aside here are the main points one should consider before purchasing this game:

1. Graphics: these are definitely more stylized than those in HOMM6 and even 5, which doesn't seem to deter the game from being an agressive GPU and memory hog. After a few minutes I've stopped noticing the "downgrade" and rather enjoyed the lack of clutter on the screen and the artwork that the developer DID focus on (town screens and creatures)

2. Cutscenes: after scratching my head for a few minutes I realized characters there were supposed to be inanimate. While I'm somewhat perplexed this decision, I can guess the reason for it has something to do with the absolutely beastly GPU and memory drain that HOMM6 cutscenes sported (it forced me to uprade). Optimization is not the strongest point for this developer, but frankly that shouldn't be an excuse for not even trying.

3. Audio: gorgeous. This installment lives up to its predecessors.

4. Gameplay: Despite the confusing UI layout that might obscure the fact, the character system is basically a souped up HOMM3 clone. It's a good thing. Having started the series with the second game, I was also pleasantly surprized that the 7th had the same faction choices. Paywalled Warlock faction in HOMM6 really rubbed me the wrong way, as did the out of place Weaboo faction. Glad to see that mistake subverted. The game flow is very smooth, UI is not terrible either.

5. Overall impression is positive, I'm not seing any of the bugs that spoiled the game for previous revieweres, so I'd say at this point it's worth picking up the game even if you're not a hardcore fan of the series.
 

dendromutantx
409 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2021
One of the best part! VII and V forever!
 

Frsia Fox
166 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2015
Crash after announcer video.... game during .. 10 secondes... I love you UbiSoft
 

SOla LG
1,511 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2019
With all the bad review I did not get the game on release and decided to wait.
I saw it on sale recently and wanted to give it a try...crashed 5mn into the main story..meh.


 

Freesoul
821 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2015
stupid AI, poor graphics, even cannot finish a haven campaign because of the stupid bugs. NO HOMM 8 plz.
 

Yuki
181 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2020
The Uplay launcher is a bit buggy but if you start the launcher manually before you launch the game it should work without problems.
 

XzonE
573 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
23.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2021
Honestly, I wasn't expected such a good "Heroes".
It tries to be reincarnation of Heroes 3. And it succeeds.
 

Baloo
178 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
155.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
As a Heroes series fan, I was forced to play this opus!
As many already have reported, quite a lot of bugs comes with the first release, but the game is still playable if you are curious enough to find a way to circumvent it!
The maps are nicely designed, the game mechanics is globally pleasant.
We just need to be a bit patient to wait for an optimal version!
 

MeTaNoV
36 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2016
I've heard this game is getting a lot of flak on steam but i disagree with those reviews. I've encountered no bugs or crashes since I've started playing and the game is on sale right now so that right there is great. Some people care about the cutscenes and the lack of animation when it comes to the people at the table talking or the fact that you cant play the demon race but i couldnt care less about that.
Most important thing to me is gameplay is it fun or is it not? is the game worth the money?

Absolutely the game is fun, I've only played one story campaign thus far but I've enjoyed it I especially like the fact then when i go to build my last unit building for the Elite i get to choose between two types each with their own benefits

Right now the game is worth the money since its on sale, i myself wouldnt pay full price for the game but since its on sale i easily decided to buy the game and I've enjoyed every moment I've spent playing it
 

DiveSon
310 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2018
I'll start this off by saying this: If you want to buy this game for a singleplayer experience, a friend of mine described it as good slash ok-ish, so I wouldn't expect it to be abysmally bad. It's not how I like my singleplayer games, but tastes differ. That's that.

Multiplayer! That's probably most of you reading this. That's also what the problem child is. Or rather it's grave, because it was ill, very ill. The parents were oblivious. Someone called a doctor but it was too late. You know where that's going.
Multiplayer works, or it doesn't. More likely to be the latter. You are free to scour the forums for fixes and you'll find three or four of the same official posts of the same "fixes", but each post being slightly different. Curious! You will be tasked with a multitude of routine network "maintenance" stuff, including but not limited to:

* Updating your firewall
* Updating your antivirus
* Adding exceptions to your firewall
* (You will disable your firewall out of paranoia, it might fix it, RIGHT?!)
* Opening ports Learning how to open ports (probably for some people, I am noob friendly)
* Opening ports
* (Wondering why your pc requests opening a port that is unlisted on any of the ubisoft help posts)
* Disabling startup apps in the task manager and msconfig
* Clearing your Hosts file
* Clearing your DNS cache
* Contacting your ISP if they block any of those ports you want to use
* And lastly, contacting ubisoft support

Actually fun fact and story time: I've found and can link a thread on the ubisoft forums where a guy (angry) says to a staff member that he has written a support ticket which noone replied to. Support proceeds to ask for the ticket number to take a look. All's good. Someone else writes something. One month later, real thing, the same guy writes another angry (very angry, swearing rivalship to ubisoft, no rest until brought to justice in courts, contacting press) post that to this day nobody replied to that cursed support-ticket. The same support guy noticed and, well, probably answered that ticket himself, telling the costumer to check his mails. The thread died here.

Other sources say that even if someone were to answer your ticket, the help wouldn't be better than the thing the official "fix" posts say, which I described above. Speaking of which...
I've done those "fixes" and more, and I got it to work. On one of two PCs. I was getting close to having the game open 2 hours without playing it a single minute on that one pc, just troubleshooting, checking if it worked and closing it immediately after. I would't be surprised if I spent an hour of that in loading screens. Time spent trying to get it to work? Too much, close to 4.5h.

Needless to say, I don't recommend buying this game. Reasons include and are not limited to: ubisoft dropping support of that title before it even came out it seems (or maybe the support is just bad everytime, can't confirm), multiplayer russian roulette with more bullets than anyone signed up for, generally any number grater than zero, and the amount of time You or I could spent doing literally anything else before ultimately getting a refund.
If you however decide to take the chances, I recommend you to save that steam playtime so you could still get a refund if you or friends can't get it to work on their end. If you get it to work, however, congratulations by the way, there is a unofficial bug-fix patch for the game with- or without DLC, which I can recommend.

edit: spelling
 

aKai
77 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
104.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2016
Probably my least favorite of the entire series. While as a whole i recommend HOMM, this one im not halfway done and debating just stopping... lots of crashes, and some of the campaigns are almost a joke even on hard, ill put on heroic and see if its any better but the last necropolis mission on hard, i didnt make a single creature for the entire map, and for a lot of it i just used quick combat.

After the first mission of any campaign, its almost a joke. Once your hero is leveled up at all (especially true with spells or warfare units) they pretty much curbstomp most fights. Perhaps it will be better on heroic but hard is just ridiculously easy.
 

Hoef
185 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,427.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 3
that one franchise I return to every single time. can't get enough.
 

bradgrenier
22 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 28
i've played the hero game for over 10 years. love this new addition
 

Deadjack
56 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
140.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 27
My favorite series. less waiting time than V. Elaborate creatures and environment.
 

BIUBIU
21 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
572.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2015
Good game
 

Durius Ironfell
94 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
115.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
So far I haven't seen any critical bugs, like unable to load, or game crashes. However I have seen several small ones, like direwolf attacking centaur getting locked in loop of retaliations. There's a lot of polish that can, and for the price should be done. Shame.
But I cannot recommend this game due to UPlay messing up family sharing.
 

glenger
35 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
58.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
Great game! Just like the oldschool heroes 3, but with a new touch :)

I can easily recommend it, and i havent got any bugs like the other guys write so much about...

But i do hate the fact, that the AI is so slow, during their round in multiplayer...

 

ArmageddonDK
17 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
So yeah its an ok game but its a BIG let down, like 100 people said before me the last one was much better, save your money and just play no.6. So things that have been removed are making your own hero, using dynasty weapons, mouths moving in cut scenes. Added things are a new skill wheel, 2 new races, map editor and a large handful of bugs, I like M&M so ill keep playing but if your not a serious fan you will hate that you paid for this.
 

Cheeko
853 products in account
11
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2021
Huuuuuge Heroes of might and magic fan, been playing since HoM 2, this game is such a major step back it feels more like a Chinese mobile knock off rather than a official Might and Magic game, too critique this game I do not know where to start even but I will try.

Factions are a core part of what makes Heroes of might and magic fun, they feel more hot glued together than ever before, the units are unintressting at best, core gameplay is missing, core testing units and having fun is just gone, being such a massive fan I did not know that I could have so little fun with the title.

The art style which used to be traditional European fantasy has now evolved into a edgy high school teenager that thinks the word "shadow" is cool, animations, sound effects, "unique" abilities of the creatures are all bleh and does not motivate you to explore the game more, some units are so superior to others they just get redundant even as a 200+ stack, specially combined with broken skills etc, playing this against computer was broken (too easy).

Against another player the entire fight could probably be ended in 2 turns as they have possibility of wiping units with ranged units or just cheesing it with high level ones mixed with some abilities you can gain, I do not believe PvP is possible maybe just CO-OP at best.

So in Summary, There is not a single feature of HoM, not a single sound, not a single animation nothing about this title is enjoyable, you can probably download a mobile app ripoff of HoM and have more fun than this.
 

Baein
421 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2021
So far about 90% of the time I get on this game, the servers are down so we cannot play together. Maybe I've been really really unlucky when I try to play it once every few months. Other than that I'd say this game is a solid 4/10 for being a game that should have been released in the mid 2000's.
 

bropeep07
112 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
This game is simply unfinished. Very heavy to run even at low settings and still look pretty bad at max.
Animations missing/weird. Ruins the experience overall
 

giangriff
128 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
This game is great!! it feels like the old school play style which I was wishing for! Also I havent found any bugs so far and the AI isnt that dumb or TOO hard like in VI. I would highly recommend this game.
 

CoRe Killerbrandt
287 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 19
wont start.
 

enthysiahma
112 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2020
Don't buy this game because is not working properly and is full of bugs.
 

JustInCase
124 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2019
Not as bad as people say it is
 

Fukarinka
204 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2016
Crash on this, crash on that.... crash crash crash
It's this sh** of the year....
 

L'apprenti fou
136 products in account
4
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
so far only played a few hours game run 100% fine, didint encounter a single bug yet, can t wait to play more tonight
 

Maxrob1
302 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
79.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2016
I won't buy any ubisoft game again. Multiplayer doesn't work. I was waiting till patch 2.0 with the review. Something changed, but it is completely unstable in multiplayer (don't have hope to end ur multiplayer game). We have 2016, not 1996.
 

jomonger
133 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2016
I recommend this game if you are a HOMM addict, but not if you are new to the Genre.
Buy it only if it is on sale.

But...read below:

1) Great in game graphics
2) Great Audio,.
3) Although the cutscenes are static, i.e. you hear the NPCs talking but their mouths are not moving...who cares?
I dont play games for the cut scenes.
4) Something bugged with castles, for example I cannot enter my main castle.
5) I enjoyed HoMM V and VI much more, as for whatever reason this version does not seem as much fun.
6) I stopped playing after only an hour...just got bored with it.
7) Oh, and Uplay in addition to Steam is just a pain, not a game breaker, just senseless, not needed, and silly.....just kind of annoying

I realize many of the things I have stated are already known, but please taek note...I loved V and VI and even the online game they came out with.
Despite the fact that I still feel the AI cheats in V and VI.

I only purchased this game (VII) because it was on sale and I say again:
Unless it is on sale do not buy, as you are not missing anything.
Wait for a sale.
 

Vindictus
153 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
147.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2020
If you want to play this game in multiplayer DO NOT buy it. The game crashes very often after which you cannot reconnect to the server. Other than that the game is ok, fun heroes and towns, cool spells and abilities, campaign is somewhat interesting.
 

Blasto
50 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Not worth a full retail price at the moment. Crashes constantly, feels like a downgrade from VI. Still picture cutscenes with voice overs. Hardly any animations in the game at all. Feels like an indie game on a budget... Ubisoft should just sell the game series off to another company that can make better quality than this crap. Feels too damn rushed, a quick cashgrab.

Avoid it for now until the game goes on sale and patches are made.

Very dissapointed... The quality of the game is really bad, even IV had better quality, more animations and was more immersive than this...

Most of the sounds feels like they are missing, compared to the older games were you had sound for all those things in the world you could pickup.

Ubisoft have butchered this game series, unless they sell the franschise to another company, this series is most likely doomed.
 

ᴛᴀʟᴜ 🐦
267 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2018
It's okay. It's playable. I think some reviews of this game are a little too critical, some not enough. I loved 1 - 3, 4 was meh, hardly played 5, and never played 6. I think this improves a lot of aspects of 5, but it still feels like 5 in new skin. My biggest issue is the pacing is still SO SLOW. AI turns take 5-6 seconds per player so in a 4 person match you're waiting 20+ seconds per turn, which equates to a lot of waiting pretty quickly. End-game turns felt like my ratio of waiting to playing was pretty equal. Battles aren't worth it at all, auto-complete will almost always net you the best result and save you 5+ minutes of slow animations - which takes out a big chunk of what makes HOMM games fun. You can cut some of the unnecessary slowness down via settings, but it wasn't enough to keep me playing for long periods.

The art is good and the mechanics are there to make a great game, it just feels like it's lacking some final steps to make it a polished product. It's disappointing that Ubi continues to refine ideas that don't work, but here's hoping dismal sales lead to selling the franchise soon.

All in all, I wouldn't suggest purchasing it unless it's around $10, or you're a diehard HOMM superfan. It's definitely not the worst Steam game I own, but it's lacking a lot of what made HOMM a great game.
 

Jirapher
33 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,915.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2018
good revamp of the old one,s why change a good game
 

mark.c.
20 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
237.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2020
Too many bugs
 

jefo11
18 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2019
Excellent game. No bugs so far.
 

fang.zhang.math
56 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2021
enemies are overpowered vs player in quest mode. not fun just frustrating.
 

richard.n.holt
55 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
If the price is 20 or 30 dollars, then this is a good game. The cut scene is just too simple and crude for a 3A game. If you like turn-based strategy game, the game itself is not so bad. But age of wonders 3 has better graphic and sold for lower price.... As a heroes fan i bought the collection edition but i do not recommend to spend 50 dollars on this game at all.
 

HUGEheadliang
148 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
401.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2015
After reading the reviews for this game, I was extremely reluctant to purchase it. I was going to take everyones advice and purchase it when it was on sale in a year or so. There is a lot of hate for this game it seems, but I really wanted to immerse myself into this game like I have with it's predecessors. I struggled with the notion of dropping full price for the game for nearly a week. I finally gave into my urge despite the rhetoric about the game, and I can honestly say I'm having so much fun! I'm glad I paid full price as this will encourage them to continue to build expansions for this awesome game, that I will happily pay for as soon as they are made available. There is more strategy in this game than it's predecessors and this really excites me. The skill wheel is awesome, and each hero is actually more unique now than ever. I'm so glad the elves are back because they have always been my favorite to play. The elves are more enriched in this version than they ever have been!
I must admidt I purchased the game after the patch and I do not play multiplayer mode so I can not account to the bugs expressed in that area of the game. I haven't had any poor experiences with bugs yet. Bugs will kill a game for me quickly, there have been a few great games, that i loved to play, have their playtime shortened due to bad bugs. I have not come accross any game ending bugs for me, and thats what i fretted about the most after reading the reveiws. I'm so glad, that i have a difficult time expressing in words at the moment, that I purchased this game. In my opinion, It's the best version yet, and I welcome with open arms any DLC/Expansions!
 

PlainKnotty
90 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
308.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2019
It's a fun game, but I've encountered a frustrating, gamebreaking glitch. I'll be deep into a mission/level, and suddenly, during the enemy turn the game crashes. If I try reloading to another, earlier save - doesn't matter, during the enemy turn the game crashes.

This has happened on two different levels so far. Last time, I was only an hour or so in and simply restarted. This time around I'm at least five hours in on a fairly challenging level (Perils of Waves and War) and it's pretty damn upsetting. I had a lot of false starts, finally got a solid footing and was doing well, found a strategy that worked and was on my way to victory, only to be defeated by a glitch.

When the game works well, it's solid - engaging gameplay, decently balanced mechanics, a few features here and there that don't work 100% (quick combat often produces casualties when it shouldn't, or produces no casualties when there would be no practical way to manually fight without at least a few), but all that is secondary. In general, it's polished and functional, the writing is excellent, the voice acting is unusually good - I can't offer enough compliments to the voice cast. A lot of developers don't put a great deal of effort into their voice casting. Limbic clearly knows what they're doing on that front, and did a wonderful job both in casting and direction.

Overall I recommend the game. I've spent a lot of hours playing it, and it has certainly kept me engaged. I'll surely buy the next title in the series.
 

shandlanos
210 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
101.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
This game is very enjoyable to play. I'm a long term fan of HoMM since Heroes 3 came out and I've never ever abandoned this franchise. It's probably too soon to write a review as I've completed only 1 campaign, but so far I've been enjoying it immensely! The only drawback is that Ivan and his companions don't have animations when they speak, although it is not important in such game as HoMM.
 

Dealore
335 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
290.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2020
Great storyline; continuation of previous versions; entertaining, challenging; able to play multi player also a plus
 

Maladomines
153 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2019
Game still crashing!!!
 

bohatter
98 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2021
uPlay...
 

Narcis
79 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2016
Product refunded

don't buy it. HoMM V is alot better even though its 8 years older, which says alot. I refunded it the same day it was released.
 

Ghûra
109 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
I think this is a decent addition to the Might and Magic Series. I get some of the negative reviews ... some of the puzzles are obnoxious and don't really seem to be in the spirit of the game. However, the basic music, graphics and gameplay pass muster.
 

DoctorD
406 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
166.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
I think the reviews on this are a bit harsh. Major points:

To those of you who feel this game hasn't evolved enough... look at what has happened to final fantasy due to all their innovation. The whole console series is now garbage and it was once gold. There ARE other games to play than first person shooters and action rpgs. Dont fix what isn't broken.

The only REAL complaint to make about this game are the motion graphics. Heroes levitating across maps instead of galloping. Mobs on combat often float diagonally and not in a way that looks at all normal. I've played two maps and I'm going to set this one down for a few months and hope this get's worked out.

The cutscenes do look like crazy wax scenes and it's hard to tell what they were going for. My guess is this game got pushed out before it was ready (which btw, who told gaming studios it was ok to release unfinished products?! It seems to be the norm these days). Perhaps the scenematic movements are not there the same as the combat/map movements are off but it is obviously due to a lack of polish.

Great points. This game is beautiful otherwise. Not at all cartoony like 6. They did make leaps in graphics, but perhaps they just haven't quite finished the job. Fingers crossed that they will.
 

Lightbringer
43 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
126.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
If the game was worth 20-25 euros i would recomend buying it. But NOT for 50 euros. NOT AT ALL! Thanks for this unpolished game Ubisoft! It is like playing a game in Alpha or preAlpha state, not a final release...

Update 12-1-2015 New comments for the game...
Most of the bugs are fixed and the game gets nicer but...

The intro still sucks (Static video with some talking explaining the story, WHAT STORY???)
The ingame "actors" giving their voices during the story are how can i say it? Not actors?? My friends are not actors but they could have done it better, much much better in reading a small role.
Don't expect to see videos inside the game, just static images and a few blah blah blah explaining the story.

The game still is NOT worth 50 euros!!!

I wish there was a way to get MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!!!
 

panagiotis_pa
255 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2016
First, I have played every available version of Might and Magic Heroes. Games 3 and 5 are far and away the best they have made. That being said, Heroes VII is far and away better than the junk they released in Heroes VI, I almost did not buy VII due to the way VI played. This game while not as good as 3 or 5 it is solid and the storylines are decent, the AI doesn't cheat as much which is nice and the overall mechanics work. I would also like to say the UnReal graphics engine does make it look spectacular on my new gaming rig, since I have not played this on lesser computers I cannot tell you how it will run. If you can buy this on sale I would recommend it.
 

Muadeeb
56 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
336.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2017
I have been playing HOMM since number 2 and never brought a game for the campaign so cannot review this aspect of the game. I am however a huge fan of the franchise, for me the random map generator and hot seat functionality make or break whether I buy an edition. I am glad to say H7 has both of these which is why I brought a copy after skipping H6.

The good:
• A nostalgic blast from the past that has kept it core features that you know and love
• Units look great in the battles and a lot less ‘cartoon’ like than in H5
• Building and skill trees are easy to understand and use
• Single scenario AI seems to be perfectly fine and reasonably challenging
• Random generated maps are interesting and of a sufficiently large size to allow a decent amount of adventuring before meeting opponents (something H5 lacked)
• It is still pretty and engaging as it always was
• Graphics are far better than H5
• I have not noticed any significant bugs in 23 hours play and it seems perfectly stable for hot seat games.
• Factions are sufficiently different and the creature designs are very good

The Bad:
• Not a lot has been added since H3 with some of the better innovative features such as 3D cities and attacking monster stacks being removed.
• Campaign map graphics are not very modern and take some time to get used to, it helps if you zoom in close though
• The interface is horribly clunky feeling like something from the mid 90’s not the 21st century
• Even when brought on steam you have to Uplay running as well to play the game
• There is a pointless 3d camera on the campaign map that isn’t necessary and if you do accidently nudge it pretty clumsy to use

So to summarise this version of the game is not breaking new ground but re-treads a tried a tested formula without falling over itself. I will enjoy playing it with my daughter for many hours to come but do get the feeling Ubisoft’s tenure with the franchise seems tired and worn out and hope a more slick and innovative company such as Amplitude (SEGA) get the chance to buy the rights and move it in a new direction (an Endless Legend infusion would do wonders I think).
 

Laz3456
43 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
91.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2015
This is a review for fans of the Heroes of Might and Magic franchise. Now known as, I guess, "Might & Magic (trademark) Heroes (trademark)" (sigh). If you are new to this franchise...stop reading right now and go download Heroes 3 complete for a few bucks on gog.

Anyways, I sort of recommend Heroes 7, at least to fans of 5. I had an okay time. Thumbs up for not being Heroes 6!

Heroes 2 was the first game I ever really loved as a kid. I have more hours in Heroes 3 than any other game ever. I didn't care for the direction of 4, I thought 5 was pretty enjoyable, and 6 is DEAD to me. Heroes 7 is very reminiscent of 5. It is a step back in the right direction for this franchise, I think, but by no means a classic, and I will be back to playing 3 soon.

PROS:
*Talent trees have some pretty nifty abilities and actually seem to matter again
*Beautiful home castle screens
*Multiple kinds of resources
*Return to more "old school" factions from V
*Interesting flanking tactics added
*Uplay still lurks in the background and I get spammed with game ads everytime I close the game, but the horrid separate Uplay login from VI is gone

CONS:
*Buggy and crashes (10/17/2015)
*Not very many single player scenarios outside of the campaigns (woo DLC?)
* I love the campaigns in the older games in part because I can level up a few carefully-selected heroes from scratch into my own customized squad of killing machines over multiple scenarios. In Heroes 7, I keep on getting handed new pre-leveled heroes in each scenario that I don't particulalry care about.
*I really didn't know it was possible to ragequit Heroes. I don't know who thought it would be a good idea to add so many "find this secret without any hints!" and "have two heroes step on all of these switches at the same time without any hints!" gimmicks to a turn-based, time/day-based campaign...WITH a time limit...but...stop it.
*Quick combat - can't use it in any enemy hero battles. This makes killing trivial heroes, and defending forts that have no chance of winning, boring.
 

Glenin
378 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Shows promise but so many things they could of done better, like the artsy capaign where the 3D models are motionless would of been better off AS art work or animated, animations gone wrong such as a troglodyte clipping through the floor before it emerges a arrow flying off a archer as it reloads, the use of previous models from heroes VI a bit lazy if you ask me and how can I forget my BIGGEST pet peeve the simplification of things such as the ability wheel and the unit abilities which changed the way you played a match.

Graphics are good in my eyes similar to the previous games graphics which in my mind was good but all in all coupled with the long loading times (my computer can easily handle this game) crashes, it feels like Ubisoft released the game to cash in on the hype without doing a proper job of finishing the game.

my verdict 6/10

It has potential and I hope they realise this.

Oh and please if anyone reads this DON'T over obsess and hype over a game it's making games companies lazy and delivering sloppy products please PLEASE make them work for our money.
 

El Corvos
203 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 14, 2019
DONT BUY! If you want multiplayer that is. It's been years since the release and it still doesn't work.
 

_jansquared_
26 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
65.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
Sadly it seems unfinished
 

Stanley
154 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
122.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2018
too many bugs couldnt complete the game stronghold and academy lots of bugs
 

zero
83 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
312.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2018
I have fun playing it. Got some issues, but not a lot
 

julaysmile
80 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
153.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2019
Continuation of HOMM line. Good Story line. Game I enjoyed. Have played since HOMM1
 

nzsamiam
3 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
Ubisoft just give the IP to a more experienced developer or shelf it.. Seriously this is the worst in the series.

It's so bad that my pc locks and hard reboots!!! Don't buy this crap even if it's on sale. PERIOD!

- Slow gameplay, VERY SLOW
- Rendering is crap and destroys the game
- Stupid AI
- Sound is just horrible
- Technical issues
- Bugs everywhere
- Cheap cutscene with no lip sync.. Seriously? Is that even an idea?
- The list goes on...

Just get Heroes 3 full package off GOG or play Heroes 5.
 

Zed
519 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
The game is great overall. I think they did a good job on units, looks and balance. The problem is the game is easily corrupted and once the file get corrupt then you cannot load that moap or any other previous files of that map. It hasn't been fixed and online sources say that it has been happening for the last 6 months in Beta iwth no resolution.
 

cleon_h
258 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
373.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2015
Easily the best heroes game since HOMM3. Depth of strategy available is good and the game avoids the repetitiveness that was HOMM6. Most immersive, as with many games in the series; Just one more turn..

Yes there were some early bugs, for example initial loading took half a minute longer than it should and the occasional crash. These were hardly game breaking and in any case they have been fixed now.
 

Mrdjwood
55 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2016
Since patch 1.6 this game is MUCH improved! Worth a purchase if on sale

No more campaing missions that could not be completed and not experianced a crash since
Town UI improved and far more consitent

The story is good if you enjoy the lore of the might and magic universe and their other games

The game could still do with some polish as the camping cut scenes still lack animations and involve still charaters and voice overs
 

Dark Lord Zul
265 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
i can play at 1st but now i can't play saying this program stop working, what bug is this
 

NaughtyAmerica.com
58 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
70.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2020
the idea of this game is amazing everything at it from it first part till now and specially heroes v even if u didn't like this cuz heroes v were better but still the same idea and it's amazing
 

Giovanni
14 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2015
I make it short: the negative review till now is thanks to the release state of the game.
At it's current state (11.21.2015) it is highly enjoyable. It is far better than hmm6 and I
would recommend getting this game if you are a fan of the good hmm versions till now.
 

Taxle the Duck
229 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
102.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2021
I mean...its fine. They have cleaned up a lot of the tedium that was inherent in earlier versions. So thats nice. But I really think this franchise is forgetting the power of the home screen. Heroes V had the rotating models and that was literally a slam dunk. I was so disappointed that 6 didn't have them. I played the story...got stuck in a bug on one of the last missions and literally never went back to the game. Ive hit bugs in this one that have frustrated me to the point of quitting....

The game play is cool and the lore is great but I just can't deal with the boring town screens. Most of the work in these games is to build your town. Thats what the hours of game play are for. And its just not satisfying. The towns just don't get cooler. Bummer.

Just play Heroes v and then maybe this one if you love it.
 

ByMyGrace
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
209.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2020
I've played all of the HOMM games, and enjoyed this one also. I've only played the single player campaign, and cannot comment on the multiplayer aspect. I like the creature lineup, with some familiar ones and some new ones also. The sounds and animations are mostly well done. There are a few with sync issues that I wish the developer had cleaned up before release. I think the leveling system is well done. I'm hoping they make an 8th iteration that is truly debugged and "finished" before they rush it to release. There's still much potential for this series to live on.

Paul Romero and Rob King continue to deliver some of the best music in video games. They do not disappoint.
 

Boshaft
103 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
65.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
EDIT: December 22nd 2016
Game is no longer supported and the Trial by Fire add on still cost way too much for what it is. You can however buy the Complete Edition, including Trial by Fire, for $20.39cdn in the winter sale. But for existing owners of MMH7, the expansion is $19.99cdn, way too much for a still buggy and now unsupported game. This game got the short end of the stick just like MMH6 did. I hope Ubisoft never releases another and sells this property.


ORIGINAL REVIEW:
I can recommend this game, finally, but it is still far from great. The state it is in as of January 1st, 2016 is good enough to be a versin 1.0, but still has quite a few minor bugs sprinkled through the game and still crashes my nvidia drivers about once every 2 hours. If Ubisoft keeps patching it should be alright soon. Why Ubisoft didn't learn from the errors of Heroes 6 better is beyond me.

That said, if you can get it on sale, I reccommend it. (and if anyone from Ubisoft is reading this... Please! Sell the rights to this franchise to someone who will put more effort into it in the future!)
 

OldSchoolC
288 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
129.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2019
Just finished Haven and Academy campaign. Amazing game. Going to keep going.

Online multiplayer has sync problems (with the other parties). While playing Necromancer my resurrected minions would not sync with my friend - it kept giving both of us an error message saying: "### out of sync ###', every time we moved our heroes. You could still play the game so that is not deadly.

Online multiplayer also had a second problem, the game got stuck on computers turn - the AI will not end their turn.

Academy and Haven campaign 10/10. Online multiplayer 1/10 in the one game I played so far.
 

utPEWtin on youtube
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2019
An enjoyable game that many fans seem to dislike. I'm not sure why. It's far from perfect (almost no game I play is) but it certainly isn't garbage. I only hope that Ubisoft will publish an eighth installment in this fantastic series I just discovered not long ago.
 

Furry Gamer
213 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I am the kind of a player, who expects, maybe foolishly that his beloved game would grow with him. That it would grow from maybe a rather childish position, to a mature, sophisticated, excelent masterpiece. This is, of course, not entirely possible, since, I presume that certain types of games are always being produced for the same target age group of players. So I am allways a little disapointed when a new version doesn't meet my always increasing expectations. Anyways, I am sorry to say, that in the case of Might & Magic Heroes VII, my disappointment has more severe reasons.

Based on what has been presented for many months on the products home page (mmh7.ubi.com), I expected monumental visual experience and immersive, exciting gameplay.

Instead, the graphics of the game is many levels behind beautiful visual style and artworks presented on the homepage, obsolete by any standards, cheap and, in some parts, utterly unprofessional and shoddy. If the UI of the game was only by half as beautifull as is the web page, the day would be saved.

Cheap icons, which, somehow, do not fit the background. Uggly fonts with heavy drop shadows. Inconsistent color combinations. And, after all, that windowy user interface with a lot of old days buttons and scroll bars. All that brings the feeling of refusal and suffocation.

Gameplay is tedious and, in comparison with the previous version (Might and Magic: Heroes 6) doesn't bring any added value or refreshing novelty. Game as a whole is, dare I say, a very telling evidence of underbudget or mismanaged development project, especially when you see quite a good conceptual art.

From reasons mentioned, the game is simply not worth of money I spent on it. I has already submitted a refund application.
 

Typhoon of Dvina
21 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
119.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2018
I have not enjoyed a HOMM game this much since I first played HOMM2 as a child. A lot of hard work and love has been put into this game. Each team and hero is complex and interesting, while still being balanced and true to HOMM tradition. The campaign is well structured and engaging. Gameplay.... well... imagine the best bits taken out of HOMM3 and HOMM5 and put together with something new and awesome.

It is also worth mentioning that I have not once had an issue/fault while playing the game. I don't know if the issues other users have previously reported have been fixed or whether I am just fortunate.
 

Medivh_Sun
53 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
138.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 14, 2020
It's a good game. Almost close to the heights of HOMAM 3 in playability...but
The Bad:
- there is no Inferno and/or Fire focussed city. While there are neutral fire-aligned units, there is no city and no heroes. No heroes = no reason to even pick up Fire magic if you can't specialise in it. Way to make one full type of magic unusable.
- the design in campaigns is all over the place. Some campaigns are quite alright (The Orc Campaign), most are meh (Haven) and some are downright bad (the unbalanced Sylvan campaign and what the hell is the edgelord Dungeon campaign about???)
- Some campaign maps are too easy, some too difficult...
- lot of the time, you don't get to play with the same heroes throughout the campaign. So you build your hero, only not to see them again in later parts of the campaign.


The Good:
- it is still HOMAM and you can play scenarios, that are good. Haven't tried multiplayer, but that could be okay.
 

Tom Mischief
246 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
FOR ENG COMMUNITY - BELOW

+ Хорошая оптимизация. Стабильный FPS
+ Как и всегда, новый дизайн, что не плох
+ Новый сюжет
+ Новые возможности
+ Хорошая графика

- Нет демонов, гномов и алтарьцев (скорее всего, прийдут вместе с DLC)
- Графика в катсценах оставляет желать лучшего.

FOR ENG COMMUNITY

+ Good optimization. Peacful FPS
+ As always, new design. Good design
+ New story
+ New capability
+ Good graphics

- None of demons, dwarfs and sanctuary (maybe in DLC for $$$)
- Graphics in cut-scenes is poor.

8/10
 

Beer, Rearm, Beer
371 products in account
2
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
1.Full of bugs. Spent 20+hours on campagin encountered various bugs such as infinite movement point, system dening chosen skill point, broken autosaves, and frequent crushing. I couldn't believe they even put it on Steam like this, especially after the beta testing.
2.Still DX9. Yes, it's 2015 and it's still offering DX9 graphic. The characters won't even move in the cut scenes.
3.There's no improvement in the gaming mechanism. No new concept is introduced.("This is the original Might&Magic", they said)
Overall Ubisoft didn't devote anything to this game, just like the Uplay platform, this game is a disaster, don't spend your money on this crap.Just don't.
 

Giant Dyson Ball
210 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2018
I'm an old Heroes 2 and 3 player. This game was better than I thought. But the fact that it's not possible to play in the myltiplay because it's bugs are unacceptable. Therefore, I really can not recomend this game.
 

GPaah
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
104.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2021
Really good, even though unfinished, Heroes game! Haven't bought any Ubisoft game since and not going to.
 

Kychen
420 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2018
Uplay. Crashing when Uplay is finally recognized. Refunded.
 

Saint Pestilence
606 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
117.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2016
I may be a bit late on this, but after spending top dollar on this when it came out. I would greatly advise anyone who was thinking of purchasing this game (even after reading all the unfavourable reviews) DONT.. Even after a few patches and whatnot the game still has far too many bugs glitches etc.. Not to mention the fact that being a ubisoft game it is locked to the one account who purchased it, so family share is out of the question and no foreseeable way around it

If you're a big fan of the HOMM series i would suggest holding off until this is a bargain basement item or even on the free to play list
 

stoked112
9 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
75.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2016
So many bugs in this game. You cant actually finish a single game without bugs. For example, I saved my game but when i was trying to reload the game it crashed no matter how many times i tried. Once it crashed, it will crash forever. So i really though the game doesnt worth its price. It ruins all of my love to the series of this game.
 

= Saber =
63 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
102.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
there are so many errors in hmm7 it's almost unplayable.

Graphics error on the mini map so it seems that there are enemies who are not there.

Save Game mistakes in matters of the campaign CH3 in every race.

And there are many of the units without magic as Archlich, Banshee +++

And the devices our's abilities do not work as in Cavalier's Charge, Vampire's Life drain +++

Almost everything Warfare units are useless.

Believe me, I could go on for a long time ...

I vote for Ubisoft to sell the rights to make hmm series to a new game provider, end hmm series dies completely ...

1/10 .............. for Ubisoft.
 

mduedk
400 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
97.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
The game is unfinished. I played the Haven Campaign first, and had to redo a Mission due to a bug. Then I played the Necropolis Campaign and can't progress any further then Mission 2, due to nothing happening. Today the News says "report bugs". Well.. I clearly didn't see an Early Release tag when I bought this game. Else I wouldn't have, and because of that I regret the purchase. Although i spend quite some time playing this game, the bugs are just too annoying. Definitly not what I expected for 50 bucks.
 

dangdung
108 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
113.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
I only played HOMM ll, HOMM V and HOMM Vl. Now HOMMVll.

Truthfully i like this game but... T_T theres no animation for the Campaign Council and it was very odd. The textures on the faces were a bit weird and not smoothed out. Maybe they were trying to go for a different style i dont know. I feel like the publishers dont give enough time for the developers to make something great. =/
TO those people of complaining about some textures and such. I had no problem with it although i do admit it has problems when rendering rarely.

The Building concept i liked very much, i dont know what some people have against it. I loved how they brought back the magic guilds. Classic HOMM.

I did notice that some of the governor abilities bugged out and at the end of turn or did not integrate at all. to fix it i had the hero go back and redo the application of the governor. The last mission of the Haven was especially annoying because most of the time the governor abilities for economy would not work. Highly annoying.

I love the options to choose which monster growth or champion creature to build. A lot of the new concepts i like however as i read other reviews there is no TUTORIAL... Very weird. I only knew about the Governor concept through the 2nd mission of the Haven campaign. WEll i did do BETA but forgot afterward.

The AI is a bit of a joke easily tricked and summoning elementals will just attract all the aggro.

As of right now the game is lacking. Hopefully they improve it tremendously with an expansion or update.

Hmm... no wonder they didnt show the campaign council in BETA because EVERYONE would complain. They shouldve done it like the trailer animated like that. And more immersive story like in HOMM V and HOMM Vl.
 

CyBrutus
107 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Product refunded

No improvements since Heroes 3. Heroes 3 is and will be the best title.
 

Dr_DrunKK
195 products in account
2
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
286.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2016
To install this game you have to register.
None of my choosen names worked.
I couldn't even install the game.
Therefore I canceled the purchase and returned this game back to the abyss.
 

GArbuckle
302 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
This game feels rushed and I made the mistake of buying it. It´s worse than mmh6. Lot of the materials from 6 like models and music blatantly re used in this game. Ui is horrible. Skill wheel is there but the skills are rather confusing and obnoxious. Story is bad and poorly written with bad dialogues and childish grown men lobbing bad insults at each other with no chivalry or respect involved. Because of the title this game will sadly sell a lot of copies before people will ultimately realize that this is not heroes of might and magic, this is garbage. They bought the license only to sell the title and create garbage with no respect to the original 3do version of the world. Freaking dragon gods like the gold dragon worshipped by humans pooping out angels is just bad writing. Flank mechanic is badly made and you will see some stacks dancing around each other with no penatly in relocating to the flank of another enemy stack. Sound effects, spell effects, animations is all horribly made. The adventure map is obnoxious as well. Fighting feels clunky and a big white letters spell out to you what round it is in combat like it´s mortal kombat. (Round 1) (Round 2) I am almost expecting some narrator to scream out (Fight). Warfare unit´s is also "meh".
Please for the love of god Do not Support any more heroes title until the license is sold to better developers that intent to rewrite/backtrack to a better mythical homm world.


On the plus side the town screens looks good.
 

JaniXY
130 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
(Day 1 release) I still can't decide to refund ot not - my honest opinion:

Definately not worth the release price, even if you are a fan of the series.

I am a fan of the Heroes series and I also dislike Ubisoft to the point where it is usually a deciding factor in not buying one of thieir products. However, I will never let this get to the point of me missing out on a great experience.

To the game itself:

On launch (once you get past any uplay annoyances, some may experience none, some may) the game presents itself as a rusty old game. Shamefull still camera shots with voice dialog and poorly rendered images. You honestly need to see it to believe you just bought a AAA release. I felt like I was playing an Alpha, let alone beta/early access.

Wanting to really enjoy this game i skipped to the actual gameplay. They have kind of gone back to thier roots, it does feel alot more like 3 or 5 but without any polish. The map is awkward to control but suffienct. The graphics are nothing like the screenshots (I play on max, which doesnt take a super comp). I liked the gameplay, it was very much more of the same (heroes 6) but felt a bit shallow. I thought I was enjoying it but before I'd played an hour I was very much telling myself I can't wait to play this game when they have done testing and optimising, before remembering this is the full release.

With some beta testing this could be one of the best HOMM's (post release comment intended)
 

The Mighty Georg
1,596 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2015
I didn't play this game at release so I get the hate from the customer perspective. Ubi doesn't seem to care about retaining customer trust and is happy to relase a broken product. I AM playing as of patch 1.6 and 20 hours in I have seen only one glitch (visual only in a small block of the map) where my heroes would lag when crossing and leave an odd ghost image behind them.

Looking beyond that I love the skill tree. Combat is great, really like the new layout. Generally I'm a huge fan of hex over grid but they've managed to make grid cool. The story is different but I like it. If your goal is to hate any HOMM that isn't HOMM III then I understand the bad reviews...otherwise its actually a very good, very addicting game.
 

lor0001
430 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2018
been a long-time fan of the HOMM series.. bought this game a few months ago cause it was on sale and was bundled with the HD version of HOMM3 (one of my favorites)... only got to play the game a week ago due to my busy schedules. i have no complaints so far though. i feel i got my money's worth on this one.
 

bong972
28 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
104.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2018
I have played Heroes Might and Magic since I was 5 with my bros and sisters and this is the best Heroes so far!

I was hesitant for a long time cause of the negative reviews but damn, you need to give this a try for your own, don;t take other non hero fans claim this is a bad game.

I am regret not buying this game when it was released.

please for those who make reviews, make sure you know what you are talking about and not just getting ideas from other reviewers... really play the game please!!!
 

Kuneho323
20 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
71.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Gameplay feels closer to HOMM III than any of the previous games I've played since Heroes V.

Very conservative iteration of the game. Plays well. Doesn't feel extremly polished.

Initial release version is way too buggy. This game was clearly released prematurely. Otherwise, multiplayer gameplay is great, ability to watch allies battle is great and makes waiting for your turn much more enjoyable instead of just waiting.

Once they fix the Out of Sync issues, this will be a solid purchase for any classic HOMM game
 

Archon
274 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2016
A great succesor to the series. I find the game quite enjoyable and I think Limbic has done a great job (as she did with Might & Magic X) given the circumstances and the budget of the game. I haven't encountered any bugs, the game runs smoothly and I strongly suggest to any fan of the old games to try this one too. Have fun!
 

0v3rm1nD
534 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
I ignored all the nonesense people said about this game and bought it today and played it .

I can say I like this game very much . I did played all other heroes games from heroes 1 , 2 , 3 and the newer games.

This game is very good . remind me of the old games. I like the camp story.

Play the game min on hard diff and above in order to actually pick your fights and think about what skills you want to use.

Pro:
Good looking game
smooth gameplay
running it 1080p 60fps and it never lags
ok voice acting ( i like the tribes voices loll)
your have anamations when you fight . you can see how the archares drow their arrows etcc.
cool looking spells

Cons :
so far i didnt found any of them .

very good game !
 

Road to 10k commends
74 products in account
1
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I was so psyched for this game, as I loved Heroes 3 and Heroes VI. Seeing all screenshots and reading about creatures on their homepage got me even more excited, but everything changed when the game was released....

Pros:
- Some good (and new) tactical elements.
- The factions animations is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SUPERB!
- Easier to know what to upgrade.


Cons (some of them, can't list all)
- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations except in factions.
- Looooong loading times.
- Bad soundtrack, doesn't feel like Heroes.
- A lot of FX is missing.
- CAN'T ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SKIP ENEMIES TURNS!
- Looks a loot like a subpar game.


Conclusion:

Heroes VII isn't "bad", it's OK, nothing more. Anyone who wanted a return to the feeling of the old Heroes-games is gonna be immensely disappointed. I hate the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ soundtrack, except maybe for Sylvan's faction music. Creatures feel less impactful in combat. I feels like Ubi just threw some random elements in a pot, mixed them around and got HoMM VII. If they're not gonna step up, admit they ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up, and compensate in some way, then ♥♥♥♥ this game to oblivion.


DON'T BUY
 

Alpha
152 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
Nightmare of a multi-player game, bugs and errors abound. Stick to the good ole Heroes III
 

DonFelipe
28 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
158.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2020
Very fun turn based strategy game
 

IMFireBlaze
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2020
AI turns take aaaaaaaages!!!!!! It is unplayable!!! The dynamics of the game are non-existent...
 

casper.g
29 products in account
1
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2015
Most reviews of this game are negative, however I have never had a game crashing error, have never had a glitch that caused any sort of ill effect during gameplay. Factions are well balanced with a variety of creatures. Pretty sure people are either playing on old OS's or need to update their equipment to play the game. The game has always played well for me and pretty sure reviews are just an attack of bitter fan boys than anything realistic.
 

blight2345432
255 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
As a huge fan of the series since Homm2, I actually really like this game and how it has flourished. The single player campaign and the quick matches work fine to be expected and the Uplay doesn't really need to be messed with except the first time you run it. The problem is within the multiplayer online / LAN , my buddy and I got it to work ONCE flawlessly until my client crashed hard.

with a few patches this game will be more than worth it guys, give it a little more time!

9/10
 

Litoeon
215 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
49.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2020
I bought this game sometime ago..have problem with ubisoft in connecting the game.At the end of the day it feels like youre wasting your money in installing this game.good gameplay but linking up and authenticating to play the game everytime is the downgfall.what a waste
 

Spiderboy[666]
27 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
70.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2017
As a fan of the Heroes franchise since I was young (much like everyone else here), I was incredibly disapointed with how buggy and gliched out this game was. Considering its been out for over a year and the bugs still have not been addressed doesnt lend for much hope. I was so excited to play online and the bugs make it intolerable. As exciting and gorgeous as the previews make it look, its not worth the money as it will just lead to more frusteration. I would ask for money back for sure.
 

mdoliszny
42 products in account
1
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
66.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
i must say i am disappointed of the game so far...i am a huge might and magic fan but the bugs make the game so unplayable u cannot truly enjoy it....and the online games are unplayable, because of the disconnects and errors.
 
A developer has responded to this review

Titus Pullo
37 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
67.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2018
There is no Might and Magic here.

The game is buggy as f*ck, creatures are not interesting.

Effects of spells and the fights are a shame.

Graphics : 5/10

Gameplay : 2/10

Music : 8/10
 

bashb0y ⚡ 🍔🍟
358 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
163.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
Wait for them to fix all the damn bug before buying the game, don't make my mistake
 

le_prof_fou
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Product refunded

育碧，我草你骂了隔壁，你把英雄无敌做成这幅吊样子也敢拿出来卖？还预售。你80多岁的老母亲是不是也被你拿出来预售？我真是放你妈的狗血。你那傻吊游戏界面做的有五毛特效？CG里人物连嘴都不动，连个汉化都没有，不过这样也好，不懂英文的玩家不会花这个倒霉钱。如果你还不信邪，那就买买买。
 

aTu
74 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2021
♥♥♥♥
 

UmegaVlad
129 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
Game is way too buggy atm.
 

Fezzik
243 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
A return to the old Might and magic 8/10
 

Jeckings
305 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
61.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2016
Gave me one of the worst multyplayer experiece i had ever had.
Was buggy like 90% of the times and refused to load saved games.
i recommend you to NOT BUY this game and save the 30$.
as a huge heros fan im disappointed.
 

Nelyo
24 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
88.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2016
in short:
Yes the game had/has it's flaws, and bugs and it's just not a AAA title and you see that.
With this low budget they made a fine HOMM title, improving a lot of game mechanics i didn't like in the VI one e.g. The controll-areas, hero skill-system, fewer resources...
The campaigns/story is fine too though i don't like it that you can't (always) take your hero progression and items to the next missions.
 

Faw
288 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2021
I don’t usually write steam reviews, but I thought I would write one for Might and Magic: Heroes VII.

VERDICT: I love this game.

Honestly, I don’t believe the amount of hate that this game receives is justified. I have been playing the HoMM series consistently throughout my life, ever since I was introduced to HoMM3 as a small child. I have played 3, 5, 6, and 7. I am not a hardcore fan of the series like others here may be, but I have dabbled in each of the games and have enjoyed each one for what they have brought to the overall series.

With that in mind, and upon reading the plethora of negative reviews for HoMM7, I was downloading this game expecting the game to be a terrible mess that wouldn’t work at all. I was in for a pleasant surprise because that was not the case!! This game has been running smoothly for me the entire time and I have been having a lot of fun. I've been enjoying playing the randomly generated maps and strategising with each faction.

As others have said, this game feels like a mix of 3 and 5. I totally agree. The factions expand upon a lot of the lore present in HoMM5 (the Ubisoft lore), but the 2D town art-style and feel of the maps feels more HoMM3 to me (even though I did also love the 3D towns in HoMM5). The user interfaces is more accessible to newcomers than my experience with other iterations in the series. This overall makes HoMM7 less intimidating for new players to come to terms with how the game works, as there is a lot to initially digest.

PROS:
- Random generated maps (the true joy of HoMM)
- Factions seem nicely balanced and unique
- Flanking is a fun addition
- Love the new governor system for heroes
- The choice between champion creatures is fun and shakes things up
- Graphics are beautiful
- Maps are fun to explore and give me that classical HoMM feel with a new touch
- Expands upon the lore of HOMM5. I love the history and story of Ashan
- If you want to use cheats, then the interface is very accessible

CONS:
- Game was dropped by Ubisoft a few years back so feels incomplete (e.g. no Inferno faction)
- Random generated map doesn’t have much water and random generated maps could use more options
- Landscape textures feel a bit repetitive on randomly generated maps
- Would have been cool to have had the Sanctuary faction in HOMM7

REBUTTAL TO MAIN CRITICISM:
- I have not experienced any bugs with the game yet. The only one I have encountered is if I move to the next turn while the fog of war is turned off in the unlockable cheat’s panel. Other than that, the game runs fine for me. Upon research, a lot of the problems with the bugs was from around release and has since then been addressed.
- Even though I don't particularly like Ubisoft, I have not had any problems with their client to open and run the game.
- Yes, the AI is not as challenging as the other games, but there are community mods out there if that is what you want. Easily solved. Because I am not an expert at HoMM, I don’t really mind the AI being like this and it makes the overall game less intimidating for me. I like casual playthroughs and it can provide that for me.
- If this game had been given more time to introduce more DLC, we would have likely had an Inferno faction. However, this aside, I have really been enjoying this iteration of the HoMM series and have always been a lover of Academy and Sylvan. So, I am right at home with this game.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

CONCLUSION:
It is not as bad as people say it is, don't let all the bad reviews detract you from getting this game.

Overall, If you are new to the series I recommend getting this game during a steam sale - it goes for very cheap and is well worth the price. I have been having as much fun with this version as I have previous versions.

Also, it is important to note that the game has a decades long history and most of the HoMM fandom still hasn’t moved on from HoMM3 or won't look at any other games in the series beyond HOMM3 to the point they will unfairly criticise on other games in the series. Don’t get me wrong, I love HoMM3 – but it doesn’t mean that the later games in the series are bad. There are a number of us out there who also love HOMM games which aren't 3.
 

Tomanomanous
77 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1,084.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2016
Jan 11 2016 and still buggy, buggy, buggy. I love this series, but Ubisoft and Limbic bombed badly on this unfinished product and still haven't fixed it. Shame on them.....

Constantly lose hero spells, can't transfer items between heroes, unable for some heroes to use Hero Attack button in combat, and more........
 

Yoman
77 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
Very slow to load up and the options continuously reset themselves so if you like everything fast pace, you have to keep setting it up between campaigns. Good game otherwise.
 

Herenya
203 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Good game but the FPS issues MUST be fixed. The game is made for BEAST PCs otherwise don't buy it.
I have literally 5-12 FPS on lowest settings and the same amount on highest, please fix this!
 

Nerri
102 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
78.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Buggy mess, keeps crashing all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ time
 

WhoCares
253 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
Same game with an different title.
 

Ikagi
213 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
its a copy paste from Might & Magic Heroes 6 and 49.99$ is too much for copy paste
 

hottona66
172 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
128.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2017
Long time fan of the series. another good installment. If your rusty its a steep learning curve.
 

wizardfire
284 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2017
An enhanced version of the VI with improvements for the hero as in the IV, which I loved for that. Interesting so far, besides the many crashes encountered.
 

Cleuwe
71 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
Too many bugs, which is another disapointment for this franchise. Game crash bugs, difficulty spikes, and very little is different from the last iteration- except that features like personal points to buy upgrade cards have been taken out from VI and the hero magic and might progression is different and less straightforward. Not an upgrade.

All in all, not exciting and disapointing to say the least.
 

NachoSmalls
164 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
278.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2017
I saw a lot of negative feedback so I didn't expect much from this game. However I was surprised how good the game was and I really enjoyed playing it. Fortunately much better game than Heroes 6 was and finally a game that I play rather than Heroes 5.

Cons are that there are actually a lot of strange and annoying bugs and sometimes the are some crashes that might be hard to get through unless you have a lot of saved games.

This game got a lot of negative feedback back when it was released due to many bugs and crashes. After that it had some patches that made the game a little better. It's kinda shame because this game could have been amazing if they would just manage to fix all the bugs but it seems that the game has been abandoned.

But all and all, I still enjoyed the game even though the bugs game me a headache from time to time. If you liked Heroes 3 and 5, you should like this one too.
 

Nep Nep
87 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
128.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2017
A worthy succesor.

HOWEVER; Uplay is involved. Be forewarned. I would suggest that, if you plan to spend the money on this game, you visit the ubisoft website and get your account details straight during the time it takes to download the game.
 

TEMPEST
328 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Nice game but multi player is bugged as hell not normal all kind off errors all the time :(
 

Don^D
39 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2019
it was good and worthy of the might and magic games
 

✪ SaikoH
94 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
125.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2015
i spread the love for you M&M
 

lemon
42 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2019
Played it a bit at release and it was a hot mess. Actually really enjoying it now as it is relatively bug free.

100% worth the pickup and really brings back the magic of HoMM.
 

Akahdrin
201 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
159.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2019
Closest thing to HOMAM III and HOMAM IV.
 

lucorp
1,295 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2019
Not bad.
 

Galivan
106 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
40.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2017
Honestly, I had pretty low expectation for Heroes VII playing the sixth and being disappointed by it. Which is why I'm super happy to say i've been blown away by the product, I regret not buying it earlier. It was everything i wanted from a heroes game :).
 

esurnir
348 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Tried to play it, started out with the academy campaign, after completing the first quest to kill the 3 ork armies the campaign is stuck. I should talk to Qasim, but there is no Qasim on the map.

Right now this game is a waste of money, keep playing M&M:Heroes 6 until this game gets enough updates.
I played alpha games that were better developed than this one.
 

Shadowhunter
525 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
158.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2019
The game has some interesting mechanics compared to the earlier games. You really feel the difference between the various factions and it makes the campaign quite worthwhile since it's long enough for you to familiarize yourself with and master each faction without reaching boredom burnout. There are a few bugs here and there in the main game and the add-on is unfortunately somewhat bug-ridden still. Nothing truly gamebreaking, though.
 

Traced Will
116 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
504.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2019
Quite a fun addition to the Heroes series. It does lack a bit of depth. I'm quite impressed by the battle animations. They really aren't that mind-blowing, but quite pretty and clever. I really enjoy the in-game skill wheel. That should have been part of Heroes already and it's finally there. I find myself impressed by the beautiful simplicity of the building browser. It's not the most intuitive, but once you see how it works...you see how it does work. It's challenging, but not nut-crushingly so. I've finished a few faction campaigns already and it's still fun.
 

Forcemonkey
116 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2019
please can i have some advice as i brought the game on steam but i press on icon to play it goes through the credits & title screen but when it comes to play it cuts off
 

greatgoaly0517
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,305.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2021
I've been playing Heroes since HOMM III and as I thought, this one is better than all those before it. Saw creatures from other versions that I haven't seen in years. Turn-based gamers have to get this game.
 

itchiepoo
2 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2020
I love this game
 

Manathas
35 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2021
good game
 

Gluteus Maximus
32 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
101.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2021
great game
 

himes101
14 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
This game is pretty bad not worth the on sale price in my opinion.

plenty of other comments to find out specifics but ill name a couple that stick out

boring repetitive combat (think the exact same grid every single battle with little variations)
terrible cutscenes
nothing about the game really stands out as special
 

Desolater
165 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 17, 2015
Ok, how hard is it to make Heroes 3, with unreal 3 software?

Keep it simple:

1. Nine factions, 3 good, 3 neutral, 3 Evil.

2. Six schools of magic, Light, Dark, Air, Water, Earth, Fire.

3. Upgrading your Castle, Make it Simple to see and easy to understand.


Why use Heroes 3 as the example? Beacuse Most of you customers Play the seires Because of Heroes 3.


I am picking Recommend so people will try it, and maybe one day you will figure it out.
 

gtlordd7
27 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
Pros:
Graphics
Art
Music
Units
Battles
Original Heroes feel
Sounds-Most sound effects sound great, while some sound effects don't match the unit using them
Gameplay
Skill System-Huge improvement over Heroes VI
Cons:
Animations-Many animations look great, however there are a few that look a little wonky
Multiplayer-As of right now the multiplayer is unplayable
Bugs-Since release I have found quite a few bugs but most are being handled and patched

Final Verdict: I would give this Heroes a 7/10 when comparing it to its predecessors. The action scenes and graphics in Heroes VII were very well made and the new skill system was a huge improvement over Heroes 6. Overall a fun solid game with some fixable bugs.
 

Tmasta
171 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
185.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2021
Though the game is fun, and in many ways similar to homm3, there are just too many bugs in the game. Especially in the lost tales campaign. I had to use cheats a couple of times already to progress through levels. (e.g. finished all quests in a map, doesn't move on to the next > had to cheat to win map (happened twice), One way portal that suddenly needs fixing, but there is nothing there to fix the portal with > teleport cheat). Also the AI is a bit dumb. It's better to stick to homm3 or get another game. They also stopped updating the game, so the bugs probably won't be fixed in the future.
 

Espresso_grimpé
26 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2021
So far i enjoy the game, game play similar to Heroes 5 with more predictable skill tree, and the deluxe bundle come with free Heroes 3 with discounted price, worth it. My first experience were Heroes 2, and played all except Heroes 1 & 6.
 

(T_T)
182 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
210.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2021
Much better than Heroes VI, but not as good as V though. Worth following thru the campaign, but not much multiplayer potential after that
 

httassadar
17 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2,425.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2021
It's fun and addictive.
 

mmyamancan
7 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
120.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2021
Very fun!
 

Mr_Silver
41 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
76.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Had potential, but was rushed...
 

DST
80 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2021
is good
 

Stripeink
206 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
279.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2021
Not as good as the old heroes franchise but still enjoyable
 

don't
48 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2021
its good
 

adam.brown8523
8 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5,414.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2021
yes
 

bsmith3895
2 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
53.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2021
The Heroes Of Might & Magic series is one of the best ever made and this game is a great addition to the previous Heroes games. This one definitely has the best graphics, great music as in most heroes games however, the towns are in 2D unlike Heroes 5 or are not so detailed as Heroes 6.

Recommended.
 

K i K o
75 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
Well im playing heroes sins heroes of might and magic 2 when it was still 3do.
I spent lots of time playing all the prev heroes and i was very excited from this game..
but even after few beta's the game still have bags and im not taking about rare ones like the game sometimes crush( hapend to me sometimes)
but bugs like when u move troops from your town or hero to another one u need to drag them 3 tims for them to move.. or when meeting an hero on a boat.. they both travle on water even one of them was on ground.

This game mostly looks like a cheap imitation of heroes 3.
Alot of aspects of the prev games is missing and i find myself using the auto combat mostly...
 

Bread pit
180 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2018
Worst one yet. Camera control is awful. Gameplay is familiar but remedial. Frustrating.
 

trekbowler
5 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
192.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2018
Too many bugs and crashes
 

C-mon
61 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2021
Cant play. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft! Any questions?
 

Oryn
281 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2018
Don't buy it. Just don't.

Way to many bugs, even with the mod that fixes more than 100 bugs. Supporting this game is just a bad idea and the publisher should feel ashamed to market it in such a embarassing state....

I really liked the HOMAM franchise, but this is just unbearable. Worst game i ever payed money for.
 

Impollister
62 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2017
First of all I need to tell you that I own HoMM 5, 6 and 7. Also, my personal favourite is 6. Now with that out of the way, let's get to the game itself.

When I first heard of HoMM 7 I was super excited. I followed the website and every piece of news they provided. The artwork for the units is amazing. So I pre-ordered the game and was allowed to beta-test it. I launched it, got to the menu and was disappointed. The menu looked like drawn by a 10 year old. I thought, fine, it's a beta. But the menu didn't change a bit. It looks as if it was from a game from 10 years ago. Also, the entire game looks like strechted to a too high resolution. It appears pixel-ish. It might be a choice of design but after a well polished game like HoMM 6 I just think that can't be.

Gameplay wise I find the added choices of more buildings and resources welcoming. They went back to the old HoMM 5 gameplay with that and a lot of other things. So also for the dreaded skill wheel and spell learning mechanics. While the skill wheel can be set to self chosen, the spells you get from building magic towers are purely random. That's why I can't call HoMM 5 and 7 a strategy game. They are random. Random is not plannable.

Also, they removed my favourite faction again - the Sanctuary. I know a lot of people didn't like HoMM 6 because the game mechanics differ greatly from the previous series. I pity that because now you see the result: the "same old ♥♥♥♥" with barely to nothing new. HoMM 6 was a great attempt of redesigning the genre. But it seems people like to play the same game over and over and don't care what edition HoMM it is.

If you are a player like me who likes new game mechanics now and then, don't buy the game. If you liked HoMM 5 you should go for it because it's basically the same game (even though the art in 5 was better imho)
 

Zlorfik [CH/BY]
258 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2015
I cannot even play the game without it crashin, let alone experience all of these horrendous problems I'm seeing, I pre-ordered a few months back and was anticipated the release and so I was very excited to play. Any insight toward a solution would be greatly appreciated. I'm already having a serious case of buyers remorse without even seeing any gameplay...
9590 FX Octocore
Asus Sabertooth 990FX R2.0
32gb Sniper Gskill ram
2x Nvidia EVGA GTX 980's
2 500gb Samsung SSD's
 

Maethizar
151 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Good Heroes of MM iteration, with concentrations on the good points of the series.

I like the fast performance in game like switching between map and fight.
Also realy like the story telling aproach in campagne a lot better then previous titles.
 

Robert_the_Great
292 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2020
This game forces you to play only with the language pack of the region you live for now, not on your native language. How stupid is this? Quite enough that I would recommend anybody to play HOMM V, instead of this game, or even HOMM III - depends of what kind of the gameplay you prefer: more casual or more strategic. Anyway the visuals and features not so much better than in HoMM V. And multiplayer is not working properly here.
So paying money for HoMM VII worth it only in the case you are tired to death from those previous versions of HoMM and want to play some new story. And agree to play on the language of your region - you will not be able to change languge in the game. Be advised.
 

Evgenich
44 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2020
Very good game, I don't understand the poor reviews tbh. Looks good and is very addictive. Good campaign mode on a nice looking 3d map plus separate turn based battles with a huge range of creatures, nicely animated art work too. Just as good as AoW 3 imo.
 

CountVonCarstein
311 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
153.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2021
I bought this because I loved HoMM 3 when it first came out. This one, not so much. I tried to play it but couldn't get into it. This genre really isn't my type anyways. The graphics are good I guess. I got through the first two maps before I turned it off forever.
 

mygnyl
19 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2020
Just buy any other game of this series and you'll be fine
 

Erikmaik
137 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2020
fun to play with your old heroes 3 mates in a lan party thanx to sim turns.
 

Forest Lurker
176 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 19
Неплохая игра, третья миссия за Томаса одна из самых лучших миссий за всю историю Героев! и это несмотря на то, что Герои VII это провал. Одноразовая игра, пройти можно лишь ради сюжета
 

Andreibyn
191 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2015
First I've played since HoMM2. Really enjoying this.
 

.adreena
224 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
177.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2015
Granted the game was released before it should have been. That being said The developers have been working none stop on the games and it shows. Keep up the good work.
 

[DDO] Oakenhorse
173 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2015
I ve been Playing HMM since the first part. I actually liked them all more or less. But Number Seven is a no go.
Graphic worse then Number 6. Gameplay nothing new but everything worse. Story well we should nt talk about it.
Dont Buy it its not worth more than 10 Bugs.
 

solblomst22
71 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I really like this game.

Yes it has flaws. Yes, it should have been better right away given it's price. But let us not forget that neither Heroes V or VI was even close to finished at release. Heroes V with an incredibly complex skillsystem with no explanation in game, and several crashes and graphical bugs, and Heroes 6 with no town view (Might seem small, but for us who love Heroes, a major requirement). Both games was in my opinion much improved through patches and expansions, resulting in two games I to this day can pick up to play and enjoy. I see no reason to not expect the same development in Heroes VII.

First, I'll tackle the bad things with the game, because we all know they are there.

The cinematics for campaign intro. Horrible stills of what seems to be a 3dmodel cinematic under development. Painful to watch. However. I think we can all agree that if Ubisoft were to save money/time somewhere during the development, we would rather have it somewhere where it doesn't disturb the general gameplay of the game. And this is a pretty quick fix with patches, as I would be surprised if a proper cinematic isn't placed here at a later stage.

The slow AI turns. This is rather bad. We've all played the huge or impossible sized maps where we have to wait several minutes between turns when we've progressed a good amount into the map, but waiting for so long from the very beginning is bad. By timing it, I found that on average, during the first week alone, you have spent almost 10 minutes just waiting for your turn. This is something I assume will be adressed rather quickly, if the development team has any good sense of prioritizing.

I'm not even gonna mention bugs and crashes, because frankly, most of the ones I've seen are very minor graphical bugs, that get fixed with just a hover over them with the pointer, and I've only experienced two crashes so far, and one of them was probably my own fault for overtaxing the machine with background processes. So to sum it up, I've seen far worse in newly released games than this. Even same priced ones.

Now on to the good stuff.

The Hero system. I really like the return of the skill system of Heroes V, but in a simplified and much more explained version. And that each hero has it's own unique set of skills, with it's own masteries, makes heroes more unique and it matters more to you which hero you get.

The new flanking system. I love this new feature in combat. It makes large scale battles much more dynamic, and we avoid the old scenario with two stacks of over 1k units standing still and wailing on eachother for several minutes until one dies. Now it is a constant battle for getting the upper hand in terrain, terrain obstacles have a bigger impact, and making a wall of melee units around your ranged units might no longer be a valid idea, as you are giving away flanking opportunities to your opponent and getting none yourself, making it a possibility for losing even if you had the stronger army. In general, battles are less tedious and each battle is a bit more different than in earlier games.

The music. It's great. Sure, there are some tunes I don't like as much as the others, but on average the music is really good. In fact, thanks to the long waiting time between turns, I found myself answering natures call when I found myself thinking that the music I heard coming from the game was really great. And we all know the the best thinking happens while on the toilet. Jokes aside, the music gives that great atmosphere of Heroes we've all grown to love, and THAT is one of the places I would have been unable to accept any flaws.

And last but not least. The developers have proven that they are willing to listen to the fans. By letting us vote on what the two last factions of the starting 6 were going to be, they gave us influence and insight other developers do not. If they keep that trend up, there is no reason why we can't help make this game as great as I think it has the potential to be.

But that can only happen if we actually give this game a chance. So I implore you, give this game a chance. It has so much potential, and is still very much enjoyable the way it is today. I think this can become the best Heroes game yet, especially with the involvement of the fans :)
 

Lore
934 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Uplay crashes the game every time I start it up so I needed a creative workaround to get it to even work. I think this is the last title from Ubisoft I pick up at full price. As for the game itself it's more of the same and I'm fine with that, the UI does seem to have been downgraded and it's missing some of the polish from the previous titles. Don't pick it up unless it's marked 75% off even if your a fan of the series.
 

Treefart
1,438 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
Mechanics and gameplay wise this game is pretty good. A decent successor to HOMM 3. That being in it's current state it is utterly unplayable unless you play single player exclusively. Installation issues are surmountable, some skillwheel skills don't work. The multiplayer doesn't work which is a big issue for me, basically why I bought the game. Got a refund, will wait until it doesn't seem like a beta.
 

Rasalas
123 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2016
Product refunded

After noticing how unpolished the graphic was (even at highest settings), how cheap the townscreens looked like, and writing down 22 bugs within the first 2 hours of play during the beta, I really doubted this game will be anywhere near what we expected, because the launch date was only 2 weeks away.

When it comes to game play, I have to say that it's fairly enjoyable, if you are willing to overlook the awkward vision field during combat, the unpredictable damage model, and numerous small bugs. Story and aethetic wise, I'm afraid that the dev tried too hard to fit things in the "plotline", if there was any, to match the game story and the art style with its predecessors; unfortunately I see little connection between 7 and the 2 previous titles, and the game completely lost touch with its former style (just look at the Necropolis town in this game).

I was glad to see the dev team had an interactive design process with the fans, however I fear that they merely heard the feedback, but did not listen. I waited for many patches, and only bought it when on sale, yet I was disappointed. Many players complained about how bad HOMM 4 was, but IMHO HOMM 7 would be the lowest HOMM series has reached so far.
 

OwlTank
254 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I wish i could get my money back for this one. Worst game in the series by FAR. I grew up with the heroes of might and magic series, and i did enjoy 3 and 4, after that it went downhill. The voiceacting is SICKLY bad, i actually cringe every single time any character say anything in the story mode.

Gameplay wise its honestly dumbed down and flat out booring as hell.

Pros:
-Alot of many new unit types this time.

Cons:
-From the get-go you can see that they didnt care to animate the main characters while they are sitting around the council in the start, PURE lazyness right there.
-Uplay
-Dumbed down.
-UNFINISHED, i ran the champaign and i can see a bridge that is named: "mName" etc. they seriously shipped this ♥♥♥♥ out before naming every single object in the game? Great work.
-The major "destructive environment" they hyped up just turns out to be a hassle.

I could sit here writing everything that they have done wrong with the game, but just do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this. Even if you liked the "new" heroes of might and magic, this just.. WOW... WOW.
 

Paulex
435 products in account
1
26 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2015
I dont say this lightly... This is the best game of all time. I'm serious. It took me many hours to realized it. As I got deeper and deeper all of the subtle complexities were revealed to me, and this game offers endless replayability, strategy and tactics, upgrades, specializations, combat choices, spells, artifacts and set combinations, racial and creature specific differences and strategies, etc. I was a big fan of HOMM3 and pretty much nothing in between. This game nails it, it nails the nostalgia of the classic, and offers so much more hero depth and spell selections.

I've only ever played the AI, and only dabbled in the campaign. The scenarios are where it's at, and where it's always been.

A scorescreen at the end would be nice, the animations and story are garbage slash non existent. But the gameplay is rock solid concrete. I have over 150 hours, as it logs the DLC time separately. You tell me if that sounds like value or not.
 

Balgore
263 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
200.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2016
Not too bad in a nutshell... but there are some BUGs which could be annoying. Quick combat could save plenty of time, however, it just ruined the spirit of this game franchise. I like those artworks, though.
 

YSYA
39 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
100.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2020
One of the best games to play hot-seat with your friends
 

RefluxFox
52 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2020
the best game EVER
 

V
36 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2020
:(
 

Akulio
601 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2018
First of all to be clear if you are looking for HOMM III you wont find it here, but to be honest this game is worth to try. If you compare it with MMH VI its much more better, i found it also to be more fun than HOMM V. If you see this game on discount its worth to get it and give it a try. And also you need uplay for playing this game (for me that is stupid).

Pros: graphic, soundtrack, story & gameplay

Cons: to much linear (if you compare it with HOMM III / IV - wich i have original box version) and uplay.

 

hobbit
835 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
40.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2021
It's definitely not that bad. most of crushing problems are gone now. Require a UB connect to start the game is weird indeed. I m really confused why I cant I have a complete version of this game and have to play the trials of fire and vanilla separately. all in all, it's still fun. see this as a re-haul of M&M 3.
 

Jallin
88 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
Congratulations on developing a broken game. Half the game does not work on release, campaigns fail to complete. FULL of bugs.. it's a shame

Other feedback that has been left about the game is a universal experience, particularly frustrating is that game breaking bugs prevent the completion of campaigns
 
A developer has responded to this review

Nero
175 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
116.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2016
First time I found this game much worse than other Heroes games, but after playing it for a while, I have actually discovered that this game can be really entertaining, even as much as other Heroes games. If you hate bugs, don't buy, or the UCP mod is a must-have (fixes more than 100 bugs but many still remain).
 

Szebo210
21 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2017
I love this game,good fight and graphic,the City are awsome,I have nothing to complain about,like most bored people
 

NightchesteR
163 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2021
Look how they massacred my boy ;<
 

Touho
199 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2020
Won't even start. Browsing various forums others are having this issue. It just crashes immediately once the warning screen appears.
 

Xanthrick
54 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2018
Product refunded

Hey,

I cant even enter the game,
"Unable to locate Uplay PC..." thats the message I receive when I hit Play button.

Pls help
 

ZRNA
26 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2020
Need 2 programs to launch this game. I don't want to install Uplay just to be able to play this game. This is honestly stupid. Steam plz fix.
 

ZiG ZaG
100 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
237.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 7, 2020
If you like the might and magic franchise you'll like this one lot. Of course it's missing the fire based group from the one before this . . . but it works and at least for me, is bug free. That's a plus. Otherwise, no surprises, lots of official story lines, a map generator and premade skirmish maps for lots f time playing this classic fave.
 

texxsmith
107 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
86.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2017
I was pleasently surprised by heroes 7. The game has many bad reviews; some say it is worse than previous heroes games. I bought the game over a year after it came out; many of the bugs must have been ironed out. The gameplay is good and the story is smewhat intersting (a step up for the last two games).

Some cons:

Low frame rate and a few bugs still plague the game; even now. I ran into one bug in a mission that prevented me from beating it.
 

Omnicras
218 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
182.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2016
It used to be quite buggy, crashed on me infrequently, and had a few minor issues beside.

BUT NOW... I had so much fun playing this game, the campaign was awesome, some of the missions were crazy difficult for me, but the story dragged me into keeping at it until I got my strategies nailed down.

All in all, I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who loved HOMM VI, it's not the same, but it's close enough that I would happily pay full price.
 

{ToG} Titan
305 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
83.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Oh Heroes. Such potential. Such meh. I wanted this game to be at least as good as previous heroes

Alas. Among the issues I've discovered:

- Character animations appear to be broken and stuttery in many places. (I'm looking at you trogladytes)

- The intro video is done in a hybrid still-life characters / real time fire animation that actually made me think that the characters were frozen. If they're not supposed to move, why does EVERYTHING ELSE move? Seems like they ran out of time to make the cut-scenes animated and just said "to heck with it. Freeze them" It's weird. You'll think it's broken. Seriously.

- The "zoom" animation they have going into battles is incredibly disorienting. Not "cool", just disorienting.

- There's not enough contrast on the maps to see where anything is. You'll frequently overlook things because they blend in too well.

- It doesn't scale well at large resolutions. I've tried it at 2560 and 1980 resolutions, but fonts are too big, and combat dialogs appear half off the screen for a second or two before jumping where they should be.

- Something about combat just isn't exciting. Maybe it's the music. Maybe it's the textures. Who knows, but I'm missing the coolness that was in previous Heroes games.

- The list goes on and on (meaning I can't think of any right now but DARN IT I'm sure I will)!

I want, I want, I WANT to change my mind about this game. Maybe with a few patches we'll be there. But right now, I can't recommend this.

 

gwerner
345 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2019
Nice game , even i needed to invest hours to make this game start . i had problems with Uplay (Uplay service is currently unavailable / connection lost , both erros at launcher start) . Reinstall Uplay , delete version text file in uplay folder and using LAN cable instead of WLAN (maybe you also need to turn off internet protocoll 6 /TCP,ipv6 in Adapter options ) made it work .
 

OverkillX7
103 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
176.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2020
the frustration level of the bugs and crashing of this game isnt worth it, people that sell trash should be hung, id ask for a refund but i know i woudnt get it.
 

edmorseii
10 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
Do not buy this game. The AI takes ages to process when they are nowhere near to be in sight. It failed to initiate and run in my laptop every single time.
 

Phyreon
40 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
126.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2019
This takes me back to HOM3, simple yet engaging. Can highly recommend.
 

CodenameV
64 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2016
Bugs, bugs, bugs
 

Kardanaal
96 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
69.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2015
I do not understand what the critics complain about. Perhaps its the patches that has fixed it.

Unless youre a purist of III you should have a good time in VII. Its pretty much like 6.

 

Bat Eyes
398 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2020
really nice startegy turn based rpg , as i love whole HoMM series i love this one to
 

LIVE=EVIL
226 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2016
I don't often write reviews, but this game has been a colossal dissapointment. I've been playing Heroes religiously since H2, and I really wanted to believe that this would be the game where they finally took the time and effort to try and revive the series. It's lack luster, slow paced, boring, and feels like a collected bunch of rehashed content from before. Might be fun if it goes on sale for an amazing price, but I couldn't honestly recommend it otherwise
 

Damnthevalley
46 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
101.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2021
First...I have been playing 'The Heroes Games' for over 20 years starting with 'M&M Heroes I' on a Commodore 64...and I loved it. Since then I have played every updated 'Heroes of M&M' with much joy and fun...yes I highly recommend playing any of the 'Might & Magic' games...Ranger Ralph
 

search4truth031839
116 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
128.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Just love to read the comments.. half of them is like "WHY NO LOOK LIKE HEROES 3"
Pfft you know what.. I like it.. Tho it have some bugs but it will probably get fixed..

Kinda nice that you can see they have mixed some old stuff with some new stuff..
I especially liked that the battle grounds have some more different environment instead
of flat ground with maybe some rocks etc..

After my opinion is this a Hero game and each and one of them have there own touch..

9/10
 

Katjua goddess of dildos
279 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
80.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Do i recommend this game...NO...I am angry at myself for buying this game on pre-order and this will also be the last time i buy a Heroes game before actually trying the game on a torrent site first. This game is soooooooo scaled down version of previous Heroes game. This game feels rushed and incomplete.

Where do i start:

1. The intro is not even properly done, its like pictures and you hear voices, no movements, no mouths that move when speaking, if you compare this to Heroes VI, i mean really, how could they drop the standards so much, they just wanted to rake in the money and not really put in much of an effort making this game.

2. Lots of things missing in the game and in game buttons, menu etc that was in previous game.

3. Graphics looks crap and i still say Heroes VI was better, even the combat looked better in Heroes VI, again scaled down quick buck rushed version this new Heroes VII.

4. Things i miss in combat (i cannot find this and might have missed it), this is small example but it made Heroes VI so much better than this game, example: When troops died in combat, you could check the stack and see how many died so that if you want to use resurrect spell you could check which stack of troops would benefit it the most if you lost troops from more than one stack, this is COMPLETELY GONE, no way to check what stack qty was so no idea which stack lost troops unless you keep track of this in your brain. WHY WHY remove that. It was very helpfull info during combat.

5. City view looks crap, like animation type picture, not even close to how nice Heroes VI was.

6. City building: A real stupid building tree and if you build one choice you cannot build the other choice. Confusing as well.

7. Spells, no proper tree to know what field of magic you want to go into, no way to check spells etc, so you have to choose blind between Air, Fire, Water etc. magic schools and not really know what spells you could cast. Also the spells are very limited.

8. Again info and tool tips not informative enough or non existant.

9. Skirmish maps, i saw like 8 maps, WOW i can really enjoy myself a lot (this is sarcasm). Then there is scenario maps but you limited in choice because of being a scenario, like who you play as, victory conditions etc.

10. Game rushes you once again, this has been a problem with all Heroes games and i really thought that they would listen to their clients because there has been loads complaining about this since game 1. You still have to rush and get everything as fast as possible, you also have to attack AI so quickly otherwise he will have 3 times more troops than you.
Example: Played 2 player skirmish, found AI Hero, had 3, 1 had the most of his troops, destroyed all 3 heroes, checked his only city, had like 40 troops between 4 stacks in defence, left AI to get the other goodies i had to leave because YOUR ALWAYS RUSHED IN THIS GAME, like 20 turns later, AI comes with his hero again, guess what, almost double the troops i have...NOW WHERE DID ALL THOSE TROOPS COME FROM, i destroyed everything, so even with my 20 turns later of adding more troops to my existing troops, the AI has more troops than me out of the BLUE!!???? So the cheating still in game, even on Easy difficulty.

11. This game feels like it was made with someone sitting in his garage and making his first game. This from people who brought out 6 titles before this crap game. This was rushed and NOT complete and then still want to sell it at such a HIGH price. Not worth the $50 or $60 (deluxe) price for this game. Should have been around $20-$30 price tag.

Stay away from this game because you will REGRET buying this SCALED DOWN QUICK BUCK RUSHED EXCUSE ME of a version of this new Heroes VII. DO NOT BUY THIS.
 

WollieG
2,516 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
Anna loves this game - and so will YOU :) ENJOY!
 

aennchen
23 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
I want to recommend this game but the price is to high for this early-access game.
 

CatTheFish
1 product in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2019
i grew up playing the older heros of might and magic and loved them all
 

lilsparrow1987
146 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2019
solid homm game.
 

SirTimbo
242 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2018
One of the worst in the heroes saga, not because of the core game but because of the huge amount of bugs
 

MoS007
88 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2016
Shallow storyline, clunky combat, uninspiring units and heroes, average cutscenes and a game that crashes about 1 or 2 times pr. hour. sigh..... i had hoped for so much more.
 

Pherros
190 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
103.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2016
Too many bugs, bad angle for the viewed area which restricts command, overall experience is lacking.
 

Thoros of Myr
78 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2021
Product refunded

Trust me, it is not Heroes. Completely not.
 

---
116 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
262.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2015
I loved the game so far untill it began to crash on battles in the 4th map of necro.
not to mention the huge wait on loading screens (loading a game and launching it not battles and castle enteries).
besides that great game liked the diffrent classes in faction heroes, nice skill trees magic is awesome.

 

mighty888
28 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Product refunded

My initial reaction to the unanimated videos was, "Hey, it's new. New games have bugs." Even though HOMM6 had better graphics, I would give 7 a chance. 4 hours of gameplay later, and I was not only annoyed with the bugs, but I was bored to tears by the story. Maybe it's because I was playing the dark elves, but I was not hooked. 6 had a fun Game of Thrones type story where everyone was against the main family, but the main family - seperated- still took control of each faction. That story was very intriguing. This one? "Let me tell you a story of my people, so we don't seperate our kingdoms." It didn't speak to me. Refund requested.
 

Elyoki
445 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
373.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2020
Yet more issues with ubisoft launcher and give up buying there games.
 

Mad Mick
71 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 31
ITS THE RIGHT PAYMENT DECISION!!!
 

SeizureShock
66 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
93.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 30
.
 

Farthinator
54 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2018
Very good Malte needs this
 

Crusader king
51 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 23
The game is great! Too bad I can't play it with friends because devs provide no multiplayer support whatsoever.
 

天使
65 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2017
Dont normally write reviews, but been playing Heroes of Might & Magic franchise since the 1st one.
From my perspective that somehow this game has gone backwards.
Here is why i rated not recommend
- outdated Town Visual, either inside or outside (this was epic back then, when you visit your town with epic background music, I love it. But I think they fail hard on this one)
- outdated GUI (I can't believe my eyes by looking at the GUI. doesn't matter where you are, hero screen inside town, main interface. That kind of art and brownish color..aie..even Heroes of Might & Magic 3 feels better than this or Diablo 2)
- Personlly I think their visual department fail big time. It will be better if they copy "guild wars 2 or street fighter 5 that kind of artistic feel with all their GUI. Did i mention that this game's whole interface looks like it's from 1995?
 

JG
63 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
108.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2015
Alright, I played this game a little more, and it's really good. It's a conservative installment of the franchise, but all the little things are "done right" which I've felt was lacking in heroes V and VI. For example, while hovering your mouse over a guy you want to attack, you see where he can move shaded out, so you know exaclty where to place a unit so he can't reach you, likewise, you get coverage details if you're moving a unit behind a rock or what not. The campaigns, it tracks where you are in each campaign quite nicely so you're not stuck with finishing one campaign before you start another if you like to try out each faction first like me. They added neat little ideas like warcries for the warrior classes, metamagics for the wizards, and some wicked ass spells (tsunami was like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) and the sound effects and music are pretty good. It has a lot in this game, but not so much that it turns you off which I felt made Heroes VI suffer.

I was hesitating to buy this because of all the negative reviews, but they seem to be trash reviews because of bugs and stuff which I haven't had a problem with (and I'm saying this after the patch). And of course, a lot of these online beatches are just that, beatches that would beatch at anything.
 

maestroanth
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2020
Its FUN!!
 

beamin777
20 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
168.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2018
Very amazing game, My feeling this version is the reset version 5.For the heroes fans are worth.But a lot of bugs let people too have a headache, and it's released 2 years game! Publisher even cannot solve this bug! Destroy the
experience of game occasional happened crash, too.Don't feel the picture quality better than 6 version, there is alike sand.If you're heroes fans strongly, then recommend you, if not, it is not recommended.
 

Caparison
42 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
Worst game in the year
-turn of enemy make me sleep
-Loading the game very slow
-Mega error bug
-the game not have any new system
I am not sure Anno 2205 I should interest ?? I am disappointment with Uplay system :(
 

bloodblade
225 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
Negative Reviews Explained:
There are not anymore crashes while playing if you have the required system. The rest of the posts are filled with complaints fueled by Ignorance (the devil king of slothfulness).

Game Speed:
Go to Options- Game Options to change things such as waiting for animation, battle speed, or enemy turn speed.
Most gameplay complaints can be handled in the options menu.


Content:
The character models have good work put into them and are magnificent such as the behemoth of stronghold. There are 6 factions to choose from. You can plunder enemy mines or take over an entire area's buildings by only capturing a solitary fortress. The magic is an indepth system based on the lore surrounding the 7 dragons. You can choose your own branch of skills(who didn't cross their fingers in Heroes 3 and hope for logistics?).

Story/Lore:
Yes the timeline is different from Heroes 3 because Enroth was destroyed. The survivors had went through portals to a land called Axeoth. It is because New World Computing went bankrupt that development of this new world did not continue. Ubisoft picked up Heroes instead of letting our fan favorite series die and made their own world Ashan with its own history and intrigue. You can see the new history here: http://mightandmagic.wikia.com/wiki/Ashan

Complaint:
There are not enough unique neutrals to fight which in turn makes explorative battle feel repetitive and easily tiring.
 

Exire
536 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2016
Too repeatitive. It had potential.
 

Ruiner
203 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
374.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
Too many bugs. I really like VI and I guess I was hoping for at least that. Will there be a patch soon?
 
A developer has responded to this review

alligator99206
123 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
155.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2016
this game really spilts me, on 1 hand its the newest installment of a a serie i really really love.. I really like the figths and the strategy, but thats about it cus figthing neutral creatues is really the only thing in this game, coz the AI is do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stupid that it hurts...

Its like every game on heroic u reach like week 4 ur town is upgraded and ur hero is like lvl 20-25 and then u catch a glimse og the AI s main hero and its like lvl 10 and isnt even a match for ur 2nd or 3rd best hero. SO its all just a waste of time to continue cos u know its over.

Only played with haven so far, so my knowledge about other fraction aint that great yet, I feel like the units are a bit boring and no real exiting special ability for any of the creatures (Haven without Griffins WTF!!!!) ... same goes for the skillwheel

Havnt tried Multiplayer yet and i have no intention its to time consuming.

For me this game is a bit of a disappointment and for the 2nd time in a row the heroes series let me down and put out a game that really underpreform
 

Flapjack
30 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2015
Unfortunately, the game is still full of bugs and sports a very poor framerate (even on a high end PC).
 
A developer has responded to this review

Dico
38 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
84.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2021
Fun game
 

grogg36
30 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
240.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2020
Stop comparing this to 3 or V. It's not. I've also been playing for 20 or so years. This version is the best modern version yet. I play it ALL the time. I can't wait for the next! I wish they would port the old ones like they did to the iPad. That is also my favorite way to play, they need to add the expansions etc..
 

chrixlanier
19 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
140.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
I like this game.There are many good ideas in it.Unfortunatelly it`s buggy as hell.I don`t like this "new" business modell of the game maker companies.They just want quick cash in,and sell crap for us.Don`t worry,they will fix it,I mean they MUST fix it,they don`t have any other choice.They won`t risk their good reputation.We can`t do anything but wait for it.
Maybe you remember to Rome 2 after a terrible start it finally become a game worthy for the total war name,I hope,I wont be dissapointed with Heroes 7 after it`s really release.Just be patient...
 

CSeCS
327 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
125.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2021
I enjoyed the game, but it is not some masterpiece. The AI is pretty weak once you figure it out. It started to feel like a grind at the end of the game as well. Some levels against the mages were just annoying having spells wipe you out.

Anyway the game ran (sort of rare for a MM game) fine. I played it a lot, had fun. Buy it on sale if you are into this sort of thing, don't go out of the way though if you are not familiar or into strategy games.
 

morhavok
779 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
87.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2021
Everything I wanted, I got it, as far as gameplay goes.
I miss a few things I was able to do in the 6th one.
Would have been nice to have more factions.
The game overall is great, so I would like to say a big thank you to the team that was working on it.
You are amazing.
 

genechub
47 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
29.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2021
Fun strategy game that doesn't ask much of your pc
 

Happy Accident
23 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
75.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2021
lot of fun, good graphics, variable challenge levels. worth the price.
 

ttarggur
494 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
108.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2021
Great Series
 

Hawkmoon
169 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2021
good
 

Apolidix
113 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
140.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2020
Will not run. Some error like "the procedure entry point cef_get geolocation could not be loocated"
 

Nunraper
157 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
always the best game for me
 

MasKuDowh
154 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
171.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
It's just not fair to see so many negative ratings just because of uncinematic opening. Gamewise this one has to potential to be one of the best in the entire HOMM serie.
 

Ferdi
96 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
573.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2019
Product received for free

good
 

dancanhquan
3 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2019
like the old homm 3
 

MA10
57 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2021
Yep! Hamsters with crossbows, that’s what we want.

There is no secret they slathered the whole franchise by now. It's funny the crap they come with.

Bunch of greedy corporations that has nothing to do with gaming anymore.

 

Alfvinr
319 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
234.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2019
I love this game, as i love the mall (except 4, 4 sucks).
 

W2P | SoulFlayer
102 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
34.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2019
amezing game
 

EvilSmiley
129 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 10, 2021
A little too difficult not as good as older versions
 

mufflerbearing0
7 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
144.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2015
So full of bugs I cant consider playing it any longer.
 

ReQûiem
42 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2021
Buggy
 

One Little Piggy
23 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
On a gameplay-standpoint, the best Heroes so far.

It takes a little to get used to the "ehh" graphics, but once you do, you can really enjoy yourself in this game. I feel like most reviewers focus solely on the graphics, and they don't really look at the game.

Pros:
- cities have CRAZY variety of buildings
- you instantly get an idea what tactic to pursue with your hero/units
- beginner-friendly
- lots of neat innovations to the Heroes 5 formula

Cons:
- graphics are somewhat unappealing at first
- animations are terrible


Edit:
Note: I have also played this game on a friend's PC (hotseat), so I have a lot more hours put into the game than it shows here.
 

Ntonisthier
209 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
89.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
I previously said dont buy for this title, but after they fixed the AI speed it is a lot more fun to play. It is a Heroes game and does not really try to do anything special or to stick out from the other games in the series. If you like the heroes games, you would probably enjoy this as well.

Old review below, some is still true
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Many have mentioned the graphics, UI, bugs, slow AI(!) and lack of faction and so on. And to most part i do agree that a lot could be better.

on a positive note they have added back more resources, mage guilds and random hero skills like the older versions. We have also a OK selection of premade heroes to choose from.

What annoyes me the most except from the above things is that even if you buy this on Steam you still have to use uplay to run the game. I dont mind uplay but it is just dumb to run two applications just to start the game. Also, if I hibernate the PC when taking a break from the game, the game will instantly close when i start up the machine again. why? because I have lost connection to the uplay servers. I am playing this game as a single player game. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...

All in all I find this to be an OK game. But i would not recommend it for the full price. And do expect to be annoyed with it at the current state
 

endipau
202 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Changing my review after they fixed the start up bug. The mechanics and gameplay are great and really challenge you to think strategically, but this game really lets down with the lack of full motion campaign video and a general lack of polish. I would recommend this game if you really love the series or if its on sale. 6/10
 

gusbankteller
102 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I like what I've seen of the game so far. I've been playing the campaign, and so far have not encountered any real showstoppers. The game needs some more patching, but from what I've seen on the forums so far, it looks like they are working on this.
 

SpookyFM
698 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Seriously, I was expecting this game for so long and what I got is something with a animation where everything is stable... Well, the candles are moving at least... I played Beta version as well. Back then I would say the game is not bad besides some minor gliches, it was beta anyway. But... it is still the same way in the complete version... I mean... nevermind. Hopefully I'm the only person who has the stable animation issue... otherwise... you won't want to play... trust me...
 

pilipala
136 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
62.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
This game really saddens me I wanted to enjoy it as much as I did 6 but no... all the bugs are real. I cant even complete most of the single player campaigns as they are broke. I kill every thing do all the missions and never get that complete screen... The cut scene gfx are just awful why is the video so much more crisp than in game? as said before you can not play a multi player game out of sync after the first few turns and cant even load the game and re try as it just freezes again... really a shame fix this game or I awnt my money back... I even bought a copy for my brother thinging yaaa another Might and magic game to play with my brother and this is what I get... fix your game or refund money...
 

Wendonai
349 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
147.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2016
First off let me begin by saying, Ubisoft, If you really want to screw us that much can we at least ask that you use a little lube... We are starting to get sore :(

The community knows what the 7 core factions are: Humans, Elves, Dark Elves, Demons, Wizards, Undead and Orcs so can you please, PLEASE stop releasing piecemeal games. I for one am tired of it. If you want to add others, like Naga glorifying the flowing grace of Shalassa or a return of the dwarves as worshippers of Arkath or even some mysterious new faction who turn to the impetuousness of Ylath in the abscence of the humans then go right ahead. We only ask that you add them as extras, hell even as DLC, I know I'd jump on that like a bunny with hiccups.

HAVING SAID ALL THAT... Credit where it is due, in its current state Heroes VII is a vast improvement over its predecessor and pretty close to to it's far superior ancestors: Heroes III and V (I haven't played IV so apologies to all the fans. Personally my favourite of all time was II)

So all in all, its perfectly fine, and quite a nice bastion of safety for those disillusioned with Heroes VI. However, Ubisoft, if you are going to make an VIIIth installment (and lets face it, you will) could you at least heed my words and the words of a great number of the community, and do it right!
 

Melodramatic Toe
502 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2018
I am going to be straightforward in reviewing this game.
Being a fan of the HoMM series, I have always looked forward in purchasing the next HoMM release. I love HoMM3-5, am able to play HoMM6, but honestly HoMM7 is so bad that this is the first ever HoMM game I refunded & refused to play.

Pros
-a new HoMM series
-new HoMM Heroes
-new HoMM units

Cons
-Crappy Graphics - Everything looks really crappy and unsmooth
-Most units do not have abilites. Unlike HoMM5, where units like liches & Pit Lords can cast spells, Wraiths & Colossus has unit abilities, most of the units in HoMM7 can only wait-attack-defend.
-Battle animation does not look good at all. For example when colossus attacks, he does not attack the unit. Instead, he 'steps' the land in front of him (without hitting the enemy unit) and then the enemy unit receives damage.
-Uplay. After purchasing this game through Steam, you have to download Uplay and register for a Uplay account separately. Upon playing your PAID GAME, the Uplay then takes a few moment to recognize you before ALLOWING you to play the PAID GAME. Uplay downright is...a killer on its own.

All in all, I am really dissapointed by this game. It is a slipshoddy game created by perhaps uninterested developers within the series.
 

d_77
20 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
98.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2015
good game no stability issues for me remain after latest patch so finally 100% playable
 

Fletcher
302 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2021
*****WARNING****** You have to have UBISOFT CONNECT to play. I have it and it will not authenticate my ownership of this game AKA I can't play it.
 

soteful
271 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
Game doesnt work, 1st stage work fine, from then on game crashes all the time. Full of bugs, DO NOT BUY
 

Kraziwho
22 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2,614.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2019
the nearest thing we're gonna get to homm 3 got enough to satisfy
 

justus
108 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
112.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2017
HEROESVII took me awhile to actually play it. I was put off, some what, because of the graphical represention of the gameplay. The creature dwellings looked like static non-interactive scenery. Lots of the graphical elements were blended in, nothing stood out.
The skill trees and creatures are quite good.! These are the only two reasons why I recommend this game. For fans only!
 

lrdterwilliger
1,223 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
What are they smoking on Metacritic? This game is a huge disappointment.
Just submitted for a refund on Steam. It's that bad. There is a real trend in the reviews posted on Metacritic so far that its "The best of Heroes 3". Look, I love Heroes 3. It was great. At the time. I still go back and play it every now and then. However, that is not what modern gaming should be compared to. The nostalgia glasses are very thick on this one, and it shows. The interface is very busy and clunky. The animations are clunky. It feels like they ran out of time or something because the opening scenes are mostly static images. The intro to each mission is drawn stills, and that's fine. The problem is the intro to the campaigns and such clearly were meant to be animated.
The whole thing just feels so stiff. I think a good comparison would be the controls of X-com the original, VS the new X-com Enemy Unknown. While the controls on the original were fine for the time, they feel clumsy and difficult (to a modern audience), compared to the new one which are smooth and economical. Again, I love the old games, but lets have some progress!
I'm a 30-something gamer, and have been playing my whole life. I actually enjoyed Heroes 6. Maybe I'm not the right audience for this new one, as I'm not stuck in the past. I hope to revist this entry a year down the road to see if they perhaps patch out some of these issues, but until then I just hope my refund comes in.
 

kinjour
600 products in account
3
34 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
I wish I could say much about this game. What I can say is not good.

The loading screen took forever to load. Once in, I started the campaign and was confused by the cinematic. I could hear voices but the mouths weren't moving. At first I thought it was my computer that was stuck or something but no. That's just how the game gives you the story.
Whatever, they do a pretty good job at explaining what's up (though the cinematic is a bit long) and started my first mission.

Sadly, this game assumes you've played all 6 games before this one. I haven't. I didn't know what to do. The game offers no help, no tooltips, no hints, nothing. Figure it out.

Obviously I haven't played much. You can ignore my review if you want, but I had enough with the few minutes I did play.

I really wanted to like it. The graphics look amazing, music, lore, ambiance, everything about it looks great. Except playing it. I'm sorry.

Oh, one more thing. Uplay? Really?
 

MisterCoes
174 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
An utter disaster. Poor cut scenes, bad animation, cheap UI, horrible camera. Everything just feels clunky and unfinished. Bargain bin game only. Refund requested and received.
 

PoopOnAstick
167 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2015
I really enjoyed the solo mode and it brought back many good souvenirs.
 

Leophir
238 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
722.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2015
ver1.5 still buggy. saved games do not always preserve skills. have a level 21 haven character w/ mastery in three and no individual skills. WTF??
 

Moturaja
29 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
Love the series, the game is a bit buggy, but that's Ubisoft for you. Otherwise, I enjoy it. Got it at a huge discount so I can't complain much about the bugs.
 

passive depressive
138 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
21.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2019
Good game
 

Xablau
35 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2019
PogChamp
 

Draconios
98 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
218.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2019
its fun
 

Spicy Taco
230 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
Still early. Was released unfinished. Feels a little rushed but as a core game its pretty good.
 

ThoughtThisWasAmerica
48 products in account
1
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
54.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2015
Don't buy this game.

Gave it a try in the last few weeks. Can't even reload a game because of a skill lost bug since patch 1.5. Makes this game useless.

Was already buggy. Now is not even playable. Don't waste money on that game. Please.
 

mr_gunz
27 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Its a great game and singleplayer is flawless if you dont care for multiplayer its a 11/10 game with good story but the multiplayer requires setup (port forwarding in 2015?) and then there are critical gamebreaking bugs that forces you to restart your game, I'd expect these gamebreaking bugs to be fixed soonTM. Uplay works flawlessly so pointless flaming towards it
 

Bravehood
640 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
77.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
awesome game! I cant wait next game Heroes coming out!
 

Boss3rd
48 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2015
I should have never bought that game. Unfinished and lame. How can they laugh at people like that. The 3rd one is still way better and its like 12 years old. Pls don't buy!!
 

Razor Ramon
362 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I liked 6, but this is a step back toward the older versions. It's more complex and it really works for it.

Overall really enjoying it.
 

Phaelle
2,278 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2015
I really, REALLY hope that Ubisoft changes the team before the next version. This one, well, this one is a nightmare.
 

Chupakabra
492 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2019
I bought it and tried it. Definetely worst M&M game ever. I asked for a refund immidiately. Soundtrack is like a joke. Graphics are not impressive and gameplay is not immersive. Don't buy it. I didn't listen to comments and now i understand why this game has a lot of negative score. Waste of money.
 

Argentium Astrum
138 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2018
Although it released more than a year, I have waited long enough until I bought it on sale. I love singleplayes stories just like other HOMM series, nice soundtrack, graphics, arts and for some reasons this game run smoother then HOMM6.

I recommend this game if you love HOMM lore and turn-based game style.
 

Giliean4114
74 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
197.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2016
I don't understand why people hate this game so much. Yeah, it's not Heroes 3, but why should be it? We already have H3.
I like how the game explains it's mechanic. It's was very easy for my girlfriend to learn how to play. Just hover cursor over "Defense" icon and You know that it means 2.5% less damage (clamped to 70%).

I like diversity of units and skills. Almost every unit in game have some perk.

Bonus damage when attacking from behind makes fight more tactical.

Game in actual version is not so buggy, and those bugs i saw don't affect gameplay.

Game of course is not perfect. AI should be better. I didn't play campaign so I cannot tell anything about it.
 

Dzar (Jar)
174 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
49.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2016
I'm changing my review to recommend this game. My first experience was very off-putting. But a few patches and starting at the right campaign makes a world of difference, and I can honestly say I'm enjoying it now and it's giving me that "one more turn" feeling. But even to veterans of the series, I would warn you of starting at one of the advanced campaigns. Go for one of the campaigns sthat starts you at level 1 with no skills and a couple basic creatures. For me, that's the right way to get to learn the game. A few campaigns start you with fully developed heroes, towns, and armies, and you're like... oh... that really feels like you're starting at the end. If you're like me, definitely be wary of that because you can play campaigns in any order.
 

MobySlick
775 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2019
I'd love to give this a neutral, but as we all know, that option does not exist. That said...

I don't know what exactly it is, but I liked the 6th game more.
Possible suspects for this include:
1) Graphic style. It's not bad, but style's a preference, and this one's not for me.
2) The skill system is also okay, but I personally don't like it.
3) Combat. It's faster (good thing), but again, something bugs me about it, and I can't put the finger on it.
4) There are still the old Neutral/Blood/Tears subclasses, but they just exist and are recruited as such. No more choices for the main character.
5) Heroes constantly seem to run out of mana. To be expected for the Might sort, but even for them it's faster than ever.
6) I haven't finished any Campaign excpet for the Haven one, so take this with a grain of salt: Some pretty boring and/or annoying missions.

Unquestionably good things:
1) Auto-calculated combat.
2) Simultaneous Multiplayer turns.
3) Callbacks to Heroes III.

It's alright in the end, but for me it's the worst installment of the series.
 

[XIII] Lucius Vinicius
414 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2015
Have to say, for what it cost, kind of a let down. The old Might and Magics (from what i remember) you got to keep your hero and build. This constantly changing your hero and taking your stuff from you crap is kind of a 'gimme my friggin money back' game changer. You took away one of the basic kick ass features of M and M with that crap. I was looking for adventuring and building with a toon that i got to customize. What was given was a new face and stolen gear every map. If you're looking for classic Might and Magic game play, this is not what you were looking for. Total thumbs down, wishing I'd bought the new Fallout or something instead now.
 

phyk_xun
35 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2018
After updates its ok
 

kamilus360
73 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2020
this game run on basically 7 fps with no payoff. it's clunky, slow, visually overwhelming and don't even get me STARTED on how bad the combat is. turns out 5 is the last good heroes game, and it wasn't even that good.
 

kaebuttt
36 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
77.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2021
Just play Heroes 3.
 

DirtyHaris
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
63.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 8
It's a great game, but it crashes a bunch
 

dzjenky
45 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
89.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2016
A fantastic game through and through, this is what VI should have been!
 

CaleighD
659 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2019
I like the this M&M game
 

Fogline
178 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2021
I swore I'd never buy another Ubisoft game, but here we are again.
This is yet another stuttery, buggy, unplayable Ubisoft mess,

I'm getting 20fps in the menus at 720P with a 6900XT. Utterly unacceptable that they continue to patch the DRM for this game, but won't patch the catastrophic bugs in the game they're still taking money for. If you google this game the top results are all people pointing out the woeful performance is, Ubisoft know the game is broken, but they'll still take your money because they don't care.
 

Gunman
82 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
233.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 7, 2020
Really bad strategy game:
- later maps can only be won when *exactly* following a solution strategy which of course you do not know
- the game gives you *zero* hints about how to solve maps
- once the game advances enemies get strong fast and are impossible to beat
- you can replay maps hundreds of times without making real progress
- recommendation: read walkthroughs first and then play the maps

Unintuitve, boring and frustrating. Later maps almost unplayable without walkthroughs. One of the worst strategy games I have ever played. Do not waste your money on this.
 

voodoochriz
232 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
This Game is fun to play yeah, but there are so many and big negative Points to mention that ruin this game completely ... :S :'(

- Graphics in cutscenes is just riddiculous
- Many Game-Crashes ingame and many fails to launch the game at all ... (+2 Minutes Starting-Time of the Game if it works then)
- No Tutorial at all
- Buggy Quests, Missing Questhelp/Questmarker in Campagne
- Heavy Multiplayer Connection Problems ... Me and my Friend needed to turn off Anti-Vir-programm, windows firewall and the mentionend Ports. then it worked for 1 hour playing then we got disconnected.
- We couldnt reopen the match after i got timed out, beacuse it said to me (my friend was hosting like the first time) "you don't have the safe game required to join that session" -> i mean WTF ?! We played it together ?!!? ... I tried to safe while we were palying, but i couldnt, only the host seems to be able...
- No private Online game, we needed to kick random guys joining the whole time.
- .....

This Game seems to be HMM3 just with better graphics. The Technology behind this game seems to be so outdated, old and useless. Nothing is working really fine, problems everywhere.

They should have released this Game 1/2 Year later, when it is finished ...
This is just making me sad :( and i was so hyped for this game -.-
 

MixLex ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
456 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
200.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2020
200 hrs means I am into this game. Yes, some minor bugs here and there, but reload should fix most of the problems.
Play it separately and don't compare this version versus the other versions. I understand some people still think of the "glory" days of HoMM3 etc, but why make yourself suffer and not enjoy the game as it is?
 

Uol Ukyam
104 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
99.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2015
Played HoMM since 96/97, and stoped playing with HoMM 5 and 6. HoMM 7 is great game, especially if you are playing against friends. AI is terrible, but i really enjoyed playing campaign. Other drawbacks are minor.
 

OMG
21 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2015
After I watched reviews on Youtube, I decided to get a refund. I am leaving this review without playing this game. However, I strongely recommend you to watch reviews and their verdicts.
 

aureagenus
165 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
70.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2015
bad game with lots of bugssss! i can't play now and i'll not play any longer
 
A developer has responded to this review

Cauthon
84 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
860.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2019
nice
 

J_the_R
46 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
Saw it go on sale and got it to give it a shot after having put a lot of time into heroes 5. Immediately left disappointed, just feel like I'm better off with 5.
 

santyclause
395 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
34.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
HAS WAY TOO MANY BUGS!
 

Uchiha
28 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
17.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2016
Good!
 

Davs
121 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
Couldn't launch the game properly at first, because it kept crashing. Managed to get the game running, was going to start playing, it crashes. Back to square one, lots of crashes then it starts, going to start playing and it crashes again.

Refunded it, unplayable.
 

Onori
219 products in account
1
29 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Not a bad effert this time around but I think they backed the wrong engine in using "Unreal" makes everything fill chunky and the cursor is just not defined enough to be accurate on the main map for this type of game, also the city/char menus just have an old feel to them and look far to simple indeed. They should have used the "Unity" engine for better in-game menus as the palette used is rather bland. Would even say it looks a mess.

Also it is very odd with the main war screen having chars there that are not animated at all when they speak, yet its all in a 3d enviroment, the candles move and the screen scrolls around the 3d chars but no movement with them just the voices. Did the main animator leave the company before they finished the game? All the char pics are either non moving puppets or 2d pics, a bit of a miss with todays tech level.

I will still recommend this game as its still a "Might and Magic" game but like so many games released looks like the skill level of devs/animators/Logic is far lower than what it used to be, to many rose coloured specs wanting to make millions with there console/phone programming lack of skills. To much airwear released of late

5/10 game
2/10 devs
1/10 amination
 

Penny Lee
1,489 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2019
SO MANY BUGS! Bought this to play multiplayer with a friend and we cannot get through a game without tons of bugs coming up or making us quit. Fun game but not recommended because it is so hard to play through. What a hunk of junk that they will never fix.
 

bobburger
189 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2016
Get ready to crash yourself back into Heroes VI, because that's basically what you're getting yourself into here.
 

Ursyn
78 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
15.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2021
SSuper fun ++
 

The Zimudz
87 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
70.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2021
More Might and Magic please, thanks.

Do me a favor, do it, do it.
 

-]Namek*Ninja[-
416 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2021
its nice
 

david_ellison5
18 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
150.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2015
Its so hard to grade this game...on one hand I love it because its an upgraded version of the games I loved as a kid. On the other hand I hate it because I feel like they rushed it out and its full of bugs. Would I recommend the game right now? How can I in good conscience recommend a game that I can't even play because it crashes when I try and load a saved game...i can't, even though I want to.
 

shirles
12 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
As a fan of the M&M franchise from the beginning, I actually really emjoy this game. Im sorry to hear so many people are having trouble. I myself have not come across anything game breaking. Glitches aside, I find the game to be a fun and worthy addition to the franchise. The different factions have great variety. The battles are the same classic fun system that I'm used to.

It's true that it doesn't really add any big new features or make any monumental changes, but it includes all the game play features that I identify with M&M games and it executes them well (when they aren't glitching). The good news is that M&M, despite this screw up, is in the hands of a worthy development team who are owning their mistake, Some of the issues they are fixing take more than a weekend to fix, so I know some people are mad that the patch is taking more than a few days, but its either that or a rushed patch (and rushed patches can sometimes introduce new problems!)
 

IT'S RICH
44 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2015
Product refunded

Feels like the game is still in Beta or even Alpha. Loved Heroes 3 and really enjoyed VI but this has none of the charm of those games;
the UI is hideous,
the map is so washed out with the art direction they've chosen that you can't always be sure what your click on,
the only half-free camera is frustrating more often than it's helpful,
numerous bugs (or very poor design choices) - e.g. if one of your creatures is slowed the animation is extended massively but the mechanics aren't (but the time for the next unit to act is extended) so it both looks terrible and slows the game down.
They've brought back town screens (Yay!) but they've done such a terrible job you couldn't know what to click on to access each of the town functions, so instead you just restort to the buttons - really what was the point?!
Save yourself some money and buy Heroes VI if you want a modern Heroes game that's pretty good, failing that go back to 3 and relive the glory of Heroes in it's Hayday
 

TrueMole
2,153 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
651.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2015
OKAY THIS GAME IS ABSOULTEY GETTING DESTROYED BY BAD REVIEWS SO I THOUGHT ID COMMENT ON WHAT THIS GAME DOES WELL.
first of all this game feels great and is a welcome additon to the HOMM franchise and i got a feel like i was planing multiple games through this one HOW EVER this game need a lot of work i seriously suggest that the game designser play the game itself as there are far to many mistake in and out of the combat system. in saying that i have managed to do 2 campains so far and i have to say the combat system is pretty good when it works the spells look fantastic but again have had severe problem with spell casting like only being able to cast one spell permatch cause it keeps thinking its an adventure spell.
Secondly the campains so far so good playing through the wizard campain i found myself enjoying the combat system and the story in which it had to bring in saying that though i all most died at how slow the enemy and my own teamates where moving as it could take up to 5 minutes to actually get to one spot.
Thirdly single player maps are to few and really wish there was more varity also the are humougous glicthis in enemy ai when they choose to runn side ways down the map when quitely moving forward would have been the better option.
Overall this game need a butt tone of work done on it my suggestion would be to start with the simple things and make sure you do them right. as to views of this all i can say is you are probalby better to wait till it gets cheaper or the game play picks up cause at the moment it is not a complete game but if they manage to pull though and fix there mistakes and there are ALOT i would rate this game a high point for the series.
 

Deathstroke
44 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
I don't get what people are complaining about, the game is quite good.

Edit: Yes, there are some annoying bug at the moment, but a lot of games out there had some annoying bugs at release and the devs have said they are working on it, let's give them a chance shall we?
 

Athorious
307 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2016
Low-cost game. The interface looks like the game in 200x era make me compare with Heroes II graphic. This game should be around 10-15 USD not over. Think about the cutscene without animation and just panned camera like.

Totally disappointed.
 

BJK
84 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
93.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2021
you must work in the DARK to serve the LIGHT
 

Jordi
18 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
Horrendous load time
 

Ngau
441 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2016
It is joke? No, I dont like anything in this game! Graphic was better in VI, and crazy camera rotation - I am mad from it!!! If you are fan of HOMAM series, go play III or V.
 

hanys.ondrej
48 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 13
It's a slow stinking pile of DRM-DogPoop.
 

Reelacks
273 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
hard crash 3 times in row
game not working at all for me
i ask for refound
uplay new policy sell broken games
good things steam accept refound no problems at all
thanks steam
 

???
70 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
145.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2017
I have played every campaign map, with the exception of the expansion, and have not experienced any bugs or crashes. If you enjoyed previous HOMM games, you will enjoy this. I would rank it below HOMM 3 + 5 but above 4 + 6.
 

Quantum
89 products in account
0
97 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Product refunded

Multiplayer down, story line animation are so dated it looks like it have been made in 2002. no lips are moving, poor camera movement, Keep Playing the Heroes of might and magic 5 and forget about this one... TERRIBLE!!! Ubisoft Never again!
 

SimonDucharmeEstUnVoleur
182 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
122.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2020
Do not purchase any UBISOFT games. You will need a UBISOFT account to play them. My account has been under a try to hack it from Indonesia and I had to close it to protect my Banking information since it is link also to Microsoft account. Now all games from UBISOFT are not playable including on Steam but on X Box as well. Bye bye, The division, bye bye Assassin Creed, bye bye Heroes 7. All games that i paid for. Ubisoft is not capable to protect your banking info from steam, x box one or microsoft. I close my account, and i will never ever buy anything from them. Bye bye Ubisoft.
 

lbaczynskyj
27 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Good game.

Just played some maps of the campaign but i can say it is more fun than the previous part of the series.
The graphics are ok for a strategy game and i found some minor glitches, but they don't lessen the fun.
They changes i have seen so far to the gameplay make sense and plays well with the game flow.
So if you like this type of games, give it a try it is one of the better ones.
 

Lycero
270 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2016
Very disappointed!! The game goes through the opening video clip, then comes to a large stained-glass window screen, where I assume the game menu should come up, and the game stops working there. Uninstalled, reinstalled, tried fixes on Ubisoft site -- no good. If I could play the durned thing, I could give a meaningful review, but for now I say a pox on you, Ubisoft. Your web site has instructions for fixes for the Beta which don't apply to the launch (there is no black arrow next to the PLAY button where you say to verify files). My machine is high-end (Alienware) with all drivers current.
 

Mahlerion
4 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Product refunded

After many ifs and buts I eventually bought the game despite the negative feedback and I can honestly say I was pleasantly surprised. The artwork of the game is perfect in my opinion and I feel like this is the spiritual succesor of HoMM 3.

Pros +

+Unit variation
+Artwork
+Town management
+Governors(Actually makes every hero usable, even if their not fighting)
+Warfare units
+Ambient music!!!! :D
+New one use scroll system
+Hero skill wheel
+Balanced range units
+Short AI turns

Cons -

-Campaign seems very unbalanced at the moment (would wait for fix)
-Some combat sound effects are a bit off
-A bit bright in my opinion even if bloom is not on
-Multiplayer problems from what I have heard

I can't say too much about AI strength, I'm playing on hard atm and I haven't fought the AI yet. Monsters however seem to fight better. Some ranged units don't attack in close combat so they don't die for example.

Judging from previous games and this on it is definetly a 9/10 for me :)

 

Gorillaz
82 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
123.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2016
The AI is clearly for children not even comparable to the previous heroes
 

Ninja's Way
31 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2015
♥♥♥♥ sucks yo
 

WerteX
254 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Can't beat any of the campain levels.
 

Lauri
680 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
110.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2015
Peice Of Crap. Multiplayer is busted/bugged in so many ways. they did not learn from Heroes 6 stupid conflux issues, instead they made it 10x worse, Don't Buy.
 

Tenchi
70 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
74.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2015
Hotseat is enough :)
 

Black Rose Khalīfah
173 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2016
Can't even see the game, forces me to make a Uplay account and when I try says that account creation is unavailable, spent £20 for a game I can't play because of some crappy DRM system.
 

Baphomet
192 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2020
Play have some fun, Crash bug, start over have a little fun, Crash bug start over again. Crash bug. Start another map/mode/w.e another crash or bug,. I play this on ultra, it runs 100% smooth until a fatal crash happens and i cannot actually complete any maps or modes fully at all. Fk these DEVS, this game has been around for what 15,20 maybe 30 years, and still they have the same BS crashes in all of these games. Bunch of crooks.
 

GeforceJoe
340 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
It´s all about the feeling, I genuinely feel like i am playing an updated and expanded version of my favorite timestealer, HoMM3.

Even with all it´s minor dents and scratches, which im sure will eventually be ironed out, the core game is intact and only visual and mildly annoying bugs/features.

I am one of those people that don´t play the campaign thou, any of them, only random skirmish maps and that is all i care about.

Limbic E. has done a good job steering back the franchise on path.
 

Jearen
35 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2018
I have no idea why this game received so many bad reviews. If you like the heroes of might and magic series you get what you love, I am a fan of the series since the first one, The 4th one was the only truly bad one, 7 takes over 6s universe and the campaign is really interesting, the story telling is really unique.

If you liked 3 5 and 6 you will like this one, ignore the haters, the game is patched and it functions perfectly.
 

Ashmane
240 products in account
1
23 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
108.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
All i have to say is this rivals Heros 4 in disapoitment
 

Ojam
146 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2016
This game is among the worst I've ever played. the massive amount of bugs make it almost unplayable.
 

carro
25 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
Product refunded

i buy this game and it s not working ... what can i do?
 

lawrian
2 products in account
3
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
68.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2015
The game just feels unfinished. Ugly environments, lame spell graphics and cutscenes, lame creatures, less abilities for those creatures and just lacking in general. This was definately a downgrade from HoMM VI.
 

Diarrhingus
311 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
259.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2019
Best of Homm, including III and V.
 

Achec
13 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
33.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2015
I understand that many people are experiencing problems with getting the game to work at all, or are running into various game breaking bugs. I've been fortunate and I haven't had any problems, and I can only rate this game off of my own experience; which has been pretty good so far. The core gameplay is very solid and this game has all the ingredients there to be a fantastic heroes game. The graphics are nice. The animations are great. The storytelling is decent enough. The addition of a map editor with a RMG is nice. The combat is as fun as in any other heroes game. The town screens are a pleasant oldschool 2d approach. Most of the spell effects are cool.

I do have problems with it, but I hope these things can be ironed out and improved in future patches/expansions. The sound needs work. Certain animations don't have sound effects that should. And the town screen music sometimes cuts off for no apparent reason. The non-cinematic cinematics do feel super cheap and just don't really work from an artistic standpoint. The user interface is shoddy, and the skill wheel just seems like a pointless "innovation".

All in all, I think Heroes 7 has the potential to be the best HoMM game since 3, if it receives the proper support. So I sincerely hope that Limbic provides that, and don't just give up due to the wave of negative feedback they've been receiving.

 

Cheesypoof
166 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
No issues on my end, the lack of animation in the campaign is weird for me. It clearly was meant to be animated. The actualy stills are beautiful though. The music is wonderful, as always. I'm not a big fan of the skill wheel, i prefer the randomization like in old versions of the game. I do like map designs and the towns. I haven't had any buggy issues so far, so I'm not sure what is going on with other people.

Overall, It is a big improvement over Heroes VI and Heroes IV. I can't say I like it more than Heroes V, i definitely prefer the visuals in this one, the style is more mature. But the lack of 3D townscreens really seems like a step back overall. I think people are rsuhing to judgment overall, because either they hate uplay, which shouldn't have any bearing on rather the game itself is any good. Also i think hardcore "nostalgia" fans have a hard time accepting change. Give it a chance, and remember, things change.
 

HammerStark
132 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
146.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2018
这是一份双语评测。
This is a review in both Chinese and English。
推荐这款游戏，但是我发表在英文区，可能没多少国人能看得见。。。。。
尽管有那么多的非议，在我心中，英雄无敌7依然是一部优秀的作品，一部值得推荐的作品。可以看得出，育碧没有给H7项目太多的经费，许多模型，图标和系统都是沿用着6代，城镇画面也非常简陋。但是，我能感觉到，制作组在用心做这部游戏，在用心发展这个IP，在进一步完善这个亚山世界。五代跟六代的墓园建筑风格完全不同，一个是哥特式一个是金字塔，但是在六代中的墓园城镇画面的背景中，可以看到远方的悬崖上尖尖的5代高塔。七代中则解开谜底，一个伟大的亡灵巫师牺牲自己重塑华莱士，原来的金字塔主城被摧毁了，墓园势力才搬家到五代的高塔上去。七代中还用两个战役讲了兽人从法师的奴役下起义的故事，让我们亲自体验到了曾经只是文字叙述的故事背景。更加好评的是失落传说战役，4代的BGM缓缓响起时，我的眼泪都快留下来了。这个战役整合了魔法起源故事，把四元素魔法与四代的秩序混乱生命死亡之间的联系讲明白了。可以看出，制作组真的有用心去做这个系列。我们也不必太去追究英雄无敌系列是否没有革新。汽车被发明了一百多年，可是它的驾驶方法依然没有出现本质上的变革。我们喜欢的就是这种感觉。祝愿下一部英雄无敌更加优秀。我的steam首次评价，送给Might & Magic® Heroes® VII！
I strongly recommend this game!
Although there are too much negative reviews to H7, it is still an excellent game (or an artwork), which is worth recommending to all players.We can easyly seeing that Ubisoft did not give too much money to the H7 project. Many
unit models, icons and systems are used from the H6，and city window is really shabby.But I can feel that the production team is really diligent for this game, for MMH series.They are further improving the Ashan world. For instance, The architectural style of the Undead in H6 is completely different from H5. One is Pyramid style and another is Gothic style.But if you are careful enough , you can see the sharp Gothic tower on the cliff in the distance when you open H6 undead city window. The surprise is we will know why the undead moved their bases to Gothic tower in H7. Another example is ,there are 2 chapters of campaign tell the story that how the orcs are independent from the enslavement of the mages. In the past version, it is only a story, in H7,you can experience this story in person. But i want to give more praise to the lost legend campaign.When I heard the H4 BGM slowly sounded, my tears almost flowed down.This campaign integrates the story of the origin of magic.It makes clear the connection between the four element magic and order, confusion, life, death magic.It can be seen that the production team really has the intention to create H7.Nor do we have to blame too much for the lack of innovation in this series games.The car has been invented for more than 100 years, but its driving method still hasn't changed in essence. What we like is the feeling. Wish the next hero 8 will give us much surprise and touch.The first time I wrote an evaluation on steam, I gave it to Might &amp; Magic Heroes VII!
 

铝合金蝴蝶
51 products in account
1
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Product refunded

Is this game finished? I feel like simple things like animation should be in the cut scenes, not just statues.. Flags show through terrain, sometimes my hero isn't allowed to attack during a turn, but then can the next, but then not the next two.
 

Ecrex
210 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 7
This is the best Heroes yet. I have played since HoMM 3 and don't get me wrong, that was such a great game but this is fractionally better. I like the updated graphics and am even currently enjoying the campaign(which I have never played before in a HoMM game haha).
 

Arciliouc
16 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
283.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2018
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the authenticator make me crazy. Regretting buying this ♥♥♥♥ already.
 

Jiao Ao
25 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
38.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2020
1 OF THE BEST GAMES EVER!!! FOREVER IN MY HEART!
 

Magic Betrex
68 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2020
its way better than 4....5...6....+++++
 

Zloybelka
23 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Product refunded

Okay so I am changing my review to positive, the game was a headache for me to access. Once I was actually able to play it I am thus far finding it enoyable.
 

Pedro
72 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
286.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2016
After year of patching was this bugfest finally repaired. Its great game now. But AI on adventure map is completely retarded.

After last patch, game is full of bugs again. AI is still stupid.
 

Putin
281 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2016
When i want to play HOMM7 (^◡^ )

When you can't beat a campaign map on
easy when u tried for 8 hours in a row ( ◡́.◡̀)
 

BearAlMighty
524 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
I enjoyed the gameplay but the game contains huge game-breaking bug that ruins everything. You shouldn't spent your money on it to discourage studio to release game in a alpha state.
 

TheDooft
232 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
dont BUY that ♥♥♥♥
 

blufftime
106 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2019
STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME AS YOU CAN!!!! -10/5
Unbalanced and boring to say the least... this is truly unplayable! The story is worse than that of a porno and the toons are far less interesting. If you enjoyed ANY of the past games play those again and save yourself the money.
 

Norreshka
86 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2015
Reused graphics coupled with non-moving voice over screens that make the characters look more like puppets of wax and this is when the sound works, let alone when the game works at all. Loved HOMM3 even 4 a bit; 5 fell off a bit overall and 6 with generalized abilities to mute any advantage any one race could have over the others but still a decent game overall and now we are treated to this mess and told by the developer that this is "...what we wanted..." and "...asked for...".

Shame on them.

Save yourself the disgust and \PASS.
 

IllusiveSpike
576 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
466.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
They still need to fix some of the major bugs in the game, mainly crashes.

Game play had a few graphical bugs that were seen from the world map.
-banner and enemy color not identified
-ships in the middle of the ocean water

couple of crashes from 3rd - slyvan campaign
my battle view units started to disappear and got worse .
When i reload-restart pc, it still crashes.

Aside from this all, its a good game but felt that Ubisoft released in haste and didn't properly fix some bugs that caused major concern to game play.

Would i recommend it? Yes and No . Yes if you still are curious what this new franchise had to offer. No if there are still some bugs that are affecting major gameplay in certain campaigns. (i dont MultiPlay but been hearing all the -ve things on it)
 

Zerance
24 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2015
Ok, it's not yet finished.
But:

+
* Altough i read a lot about crashes, the game had never crashed on my PC, and I only have the min specs.
* I don't mind the 'short story' campain
* Altough I agree the graphics could use some tweaking, the overal battles and map are well crafted. Hero portraits and diversity in hero models could still be better, but is fine
* Flanking, a new and a big tactical advantage
* More diversity in the units, and you can't buy all of them, even with a capital. So, loosing a battle is not such a big deal as it used to be

-
* I can understand it's a bit overpriced. About 35-40$ would be much fairer
* Yes, we ,need a free inferno!!!
* Loading a save takes a long time. Starting the still takes long, but with the patch it has improved immensly
* I miss the path of blood / tears system

IF, Ubi takes the time to finish the game, make it faster and, if possible, upgrade the graphics a bit more, the game can be very good. I think it doesn't deserve the VERY NEGATIVE review state. Mixed would be better. They can still make it work.

 

Kaine
127 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2015
M&M 5 Brought me here and told me to spend money on M&M 7.

M&M 7 told me to never come back.

Pros: game runs.
everything you could ever want from a might and magic game.
good story rich and stratigic map screen.
multiplayer servers work.

Cons.
Bugs.
UI problems.
UI compeatly left out of development process.
Game difficulty set to easy AI still get ENORMOUS boosts to troop size.

BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DONT MIND WAITING MONTHS FOR THIS GAME TO BE "polished"

To much left undone. but i still recomend this game for what it will become and not what its is today
 

Ghandi The Slav
104 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
234.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2015
Good game. Sucked me in likw HOMM3. A bit too buggy at first. Wish they would have polished it a bit before release.
 

cforgiven
62 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Played 3 hours of hot seat, no bugs; good times were had by all.
 

SirShmoe
304 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2020
love the new additions to the game
 

perrinayabara86
20 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
56.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2018
Fun game with friends, but the amount of bugs and crashes is 2 much and i can hardly say this game is in a finished state, if they fix that this is golden.
 

-<{dead:bird}>-
255 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Do not get this game. I have played every single one since the 2nd and this is by far the worst. The animations are terrible, the skill tree makes no sense and nothing flows at all. Don't disappoint yourself and have this ruin the series for you, just don't get it at all.
 

bigolympian
379 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
180.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
Very sad!!!
This game could be great, but for the multitude of bugs... crashes randomly, someimes your heroes can just move around without using movement points, the farter you are in a scenario, the longe the load times and animations start to stutter, and the list goes on...
 

Arthy22
514 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
143.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2018
you cant make a match without connection problems , when you have luck there are 1 or 2 public maps open but most time nobody is online in this game to play with ... 4-5 days ingame time and you get sync problems .. that break the fun ..
 

-Miau-Darinus
111 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2020
Total and utter garbage, does not run properly, glitchy, slow - do not buy.

Steam should be ashamed of themselves for peddling this rubbish.
 

Metal Paladin
13 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
I wish i could get a refund. (but it was a gift for my birthday...) well happy birthday me..
 

Mishu
1,720 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
46.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 5
Great game, very fun, much enjoyment
 

Sholly20757
44 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2015
good game so far
 

Chosker
106 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
71.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2021
game is great! but rubbish cuz of UBISOFT.....
 

tamatikahur
3 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
Multiplayer is broken with AI players
 

EnchantedFlame
114 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2021
This game will no longer play. Uplay does not work. It will not link anything so I can play it. It was a wasted purchase.
 

reerat
66 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2019
EDIT: Yea, the game is still trash in terms of bugs. Tried to make one campaign, ended up with a bugged quest on last map with last quest. I lost any will to even play it again. Not talking about that Uplay launching every time...


At launch it was disaster. Now it is a masterpiece. Best thing that happened to HOMM series after HOMM 3.

I first tried to play it when it was just released. There were so many bugs that it was impossible to play the game.

Currently game feels totally different. I'm really enjoying it.
 

kneighbors
125 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
142.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
So far im really enjoying this, havent had any crashes with the game but the map editor has crashed once but in general its working well

the random map editor is pretty sweet too, i wish it had a little more options when creating maps but hopefully it will be added later on. the maps its creates are totally playable and all i just miss a little more complex ones but you can always edit the random maps after they are created to make them even better

this seems alot more promising than homm6 wich i enjoyed too id recommend this if youre a homm fan like me you will most likely enjoy this
 

Kregah
36 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
432.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2016
After months, months, of debugging now the game is finally almost playable, still remains bugs somewhere but now you can enjoy it, Ubisoft had many problems with this title.

Some changes in the classical HOMM system are good, other really a bad decision btw overall the game is quite nice, to be played you need a good hardware, mainly for the GPU, mine is for example an i5 skylake, 16Gb, nvme m.2 HD and a gtx770 with 2Gb, with a lesser system I had many problems running decently.

What I really miss is the experience suystem for heroes like in HOMM 6, this made the game not so great in my opinion, you can't use your preferred heroes skill in other games and you lost everything everytime, the AI is really not good to play a decent game.

This is mainly a way Ubisoft attempted to grab some money, game project management was one of the worst I ever seen in my life and developing team, well, let's say nothing, maybe they just work to carry money at home, I'm not against them but for sure this is one of the buggiest game in History.
 

Naram Sin
226 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
73.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2021
One of the most addicting games of all times!
 

Astromito
84 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
509.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2021
love this game!!!
 

crimsonsorrow7969
4 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2016
Not done
 

Safespace
114 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
Worst "Heroes" what i play.
 

aldoom
2,051 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
6/10

pretty decent game given ALL the apparent bugs and glitches... once they improve on all these i feel like the rating for this game will skyrocket. though i will have to say its really disappointing to see no actual cinema when we are in a generation where its really simple to achieve.

will recommend once developers take care of bugs and glitches. most noticably the ones that just kick you out of the game at random... (had same experience with heroes 6) :(

buy at your own risk or wait till they fix it
 

bloodwrath23
27 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2015
Product refunded

This is the worst game ever. I can't even play it because it crashes everytime when I launch it. Have tried the numerous ways of fixing it and nothing works. No support is offered. I feel that my money has been stolen. This is the end of this francise, thanks for ruining it for all of us.
 

ShadowRSA
15 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
90.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
If we consider the current conditions, which is working with Ubisoft, they did an excellent job. The game play well and I am having a lot of fun.

Let's see now if they will update frequently as the game still need a lot of updates to be very good, like some very poor sound effect for now.

But overall the game offers a lot of informations with popups, fights play well, visual is perfect and no game breaking bugs.
 

Etdashou
848 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2019
My first experience in this game was bad, i loved Anastaia's story line in HoMM6, and i continued it in this game, but it started me off with a fully leveled hero, in an unknown fortress with high level mages attacking me i only played about. it was to much to fast for me

but a dedicated HoMM fan i am so i recently decided to pick it back up and after you get through the first few hours its an another epic adventure i really like it but i do miss the number of ranged unders (atleast in the necro faction)
 

=BS= Jarno
159 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
99.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2016
The game is too easy. After just played Might & Magic 6, this was like a walk in the park.
First (And only) playthrough on "Heroic". Did not even need to restart a map once, which is disappointing.
If I would recommend it? I will press "Yes", but it should have been a button in the middle being uncertain.
 

WeeR
104 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
160.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
Already request for refund. After playing for about 12 hours in full of dissapointment & frustration, i've request for refund.

If it's only the gameplay is good with no bugs, at least on the graphic part can be negligible.
 

Yu_Dex
28 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
67.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2015
after playing the game myself i reckon alot of the reviews are right, this game is ♥♥♥♥. massive disadvantage given to you in the campaigns and single player modes, no difference between easy and hard gameplay and well, in general a pain in the ass. don't even bother getting it.

Edit: slight mixed feels about it now, yea there is a major disadvantage in the game modes (I'd suggest waiting for updates, but here's some good points to the game:
Academy is back again! after being heavily mentioned in 6 the creators of the Beastmen and in general great wizards are back.

Sylvan Elves are back. some people might have mixed feels about these guys, but you can't have Dark Elves without their goodie goodie former buddies being there too.

Necromancy is no longer a healing buff. yup, you read right, Necromancy no longer heals undead in a battle but reanimates dead living creatures again, army of 10k skellies again? yup.

All the old favourites from Heroes 3 are back. Troglodytes? yup. Bone Dragons? yup. Dread Knights? kind of. Behemoths? yup.
 

Knightbane
71 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2016
Holy M*ther F, this game sucks so bad!!! I can't see graphics improvment, I can't see gameplay improvement, I can't see any MOVING CG animation, I don't actually even care about these, but please can you make the game work? I cast a negative spell and the enenmy unit got blessed words? My Fury never fly back to its position, my game campaign stuck, my troops disappear before deploying. I don't know what to say, it's the worst 50 bucks I've spent for years. If it's an early access that fine, but it's already March 2016, 7 patches already, still can't fix the bugs.
I would say the game worth 20 bucks at most, but I spent 50, stupid me.
 

QDCHAR
130 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2020
complete mess.
0/10.
just don't make new sequels, please Ubi.
 

Garb
226 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2016
Horrible game, No thinking, planning, just wait and forde build any army and hit auto fight. t rinse and repeat...sad end to a franchise
 

Fyzzl
287 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
This migt very well be the end of a franchise. This game is close to unplayable.

Buy Heroes 1-6 instead they are all much much better.

At least I got a refund.......
 

BiogenicSoup
350 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
Moose!
 

mojotheclown813
305 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 12
Nice RTS
 

Lrd Kaine
218 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
286.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2019
hjfkilhi
 

︻ ̵̿ ———
21 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2015
I tried giving it a fair shot, but I'm just going to keep playing HoMM 3. After 3DO went bankrupt and sold the rights to the series to ubisoft it's just gone downhill.
 

Centillionaire
428 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
133.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2019
It's a fine game and i love it but very few improvement, even minor stepback on some aspect of the game, compared to the other opus. A good plus are the maps which are very beautiful. No notable changes on the soundtack. So if you want a HMM buy the 4th which is still the best imo.
 

lionale29ten
37 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
WAY to many bugs on the release date... its like heroes 4 all over again.
 

Foshu
450 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
436.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2015
Its ok but still crashes even with patches. much like Heroes 5 not the crap thats was heroes 6
 

Jonrat
33 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I like this game and wanted to reccomend it but I can't since there are bugs that prevent you from finishing missions.
That's a no-go and extremely frustrating. You're left wondering 'Did I miss something here? What else can I do on this map? Might this be a bug?', run around for half an hour on a map where you've defeated and collected almost everything you can reach. Then you can start loading previous savegames, to see if you do it a bit differently maybe the quest may be completed the way you would expect it to (which in the end it was in my case, still it was frustrating).

So from my perspective, only if you love this series enough so that this sounds like something you're willing to deal with you should buy this, otherwise I would reccomend to hold off on a purchase.
 

Mister.Brain
526 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2021
The most ugly part of heroes... got mood destroyed while tried to play... very dissapointing game....
 

FullMetal Shikaka
73 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2021
ubisoft.... other than that its a fine game
 

nomadic_slayer
171 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2018
i am glad they keep making more. but i wish they just make one that was just as amazing as heroes 3 is.. still recommend this game for hardcore fans of it to get it.
 

darth_james90
50 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2015
one of worst game ever played
 

The Sleepy Lucario
543 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2019
...
 

TOG Caius
353 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2018
WTF?
I had to wash my eyes with soap because of full overloaded in-game screen with all 64Million colors in use - but each one separatly.
Game play is clumsy and boring.

If you liked HOMM3 and extensions do yourself a favor and leave this one alone even for 5$.

Update May 2018:
Gave it a re-try... and I feel my inital review is too positive.
If have the choice to count how many grains are in a sack of rice or play this game for 2h go for the rice.
 

Zequera
139 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
124.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
Released in a literally unplayable state. All playtime recorded on my account is me trying to start up the game.

Despite only a few problems with the two BETAs, this horrendous release is ridiculous. Might not have put this review out if ubisoft support was forthcoming, but after a week of unanswered forumposts and support tickets, my patience runs thin.
 

XMrNiceguyX
930 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2020
This game is banking on using the name that the previous games built. Heroes of might and magic 7 does not add anything new and only proceeds to bastardize the franchise further.
 

Azurose
555 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 5
It was fun and you can play by yourself or with others.
 

Jemini XD
12 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2021
yes
 

Jabooty
15 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
263.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2021
In HOMM series, HOMM 3 is the king. However, 7 comes second, it`s that good.
 

Tryby
275 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2015
Completley pice of garbage. Game become unplayable becouse of bugs and crashes. Also the graphic engine slowing ur computer so badly that after 15 min U dont want to play anymore in 20 Fps ( no matter if u play on very low or very high details).

Give me my money back ( 40 F) !!!
Trash game atm- DONT BUY IT !!
 

Hexen
13 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
85.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2018
I remember starting to love HoMM when i first got my hands on Heroes 5. It was at my cousins house i would spend countless hours playing the game with them. And greatful as i was as they had the mod where you could chose from 3 types of upgrades. It made it more fun.

I would really like HoMM 7 to have this option aswell. It would make the game 2x as fun :)
 

peter
93 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2018
Product refunded

If they gave medals for f****** up something that's really good, the gold medal would to go to Ubisoft for Heroes VII (and probably Heroes VI as well). I got it discounted for £9.99 and refunded now. Even if it was free I wouldn't play it.
 

Casimir
104 products in account
3
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
194.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2021
For the fans of the HOMM series it's a great game. For people who are new to the game it probably takes a bit of time getting used to. Nevertheless, it's a fun game to play. Do, however, know that it is quite a time consuming game. Finishing a map can take a few hours.
 

marinusstruik
2 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2020
the third and the fifth still way better, some improvement have been made but the game is just ugly, HeroesV was way prettier, and full of bug, i go back play the V and wait for enventually a better one next time, i don't recommend this one especially if you liked the previous opus
 

oniakai
45 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2020
Not worth it. The game has problems which may ruin your session, a deal breaker for most games, especially for such an expensive one. The previous games of the series were nothing amazing, but perfectly playable and enjoyable; this one is a much lower entry in terms of quality.
Maybe VIII will be good, but I'm not buying Ubisoft games right away; I'll wait quite some time before committing money knowing the possible problems (which is sad given the size of the publisher).
Back to Heroes III...
 

FierceShaka
104 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2020
i like it
 

akrupa8584
4 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2020
the game ever
 

mclavh
13 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
538.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2020
Good game
 

Stew143
64 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2020
Necro Campaign Mission 4 is Impossible to beat even on easy. Not interested in playing this game if the developers are going to make something impossible.
 

oberlin_m
82 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2020
Fresh install on but failed at the last step due to UPlay not installed. And I forgot my UPlay login. Then I try to recover my password, but never receive an email from Ubisoft. I hate it so much now and I want Ubisoft run out of business tomorrow if not today.
 

Haoxin Li
253 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2020
Written at 2020.
I bought this at discount, i'd give it a try even with the mixed reviews.
The game is good, i mean, if you're new into this franchise and feeling disgusted with old graphics, go grab this.
Speaking of good graphics, look Heroes of Might and Magic VI, it also has good graphics for today standard.
But MMH VII has smoother animation.
Speaking of why it is not Heroes of Might and Magic (HOMM) IDK,
this one is Might and Magic Heroes VII. It surprised me when i expected to see the game next to HOMM III at my library, and it isn't. I've played the Heroes of Might and Magic from 1 to 7, never skipped a single title. If you asked me which one is the best, i'd pick II with the expansion. Nothing fancy to today standard but i felt attached to the gorgeous music it was. HOMM VI also has great music BTW. But i'm not gonna suggest that one instead this. Again, if you're new, pick this one. So far i've never encountered game breaking bug, i think they all fixed ?

--A dumbed down what the game is about---
HOMMs and MMH are about fantasy themed turn based strategy game. The character based off Might and Magic RPG series, tho i could argue this is the real deal not those. You have hero comandeering an army, get a castle, upgrade it to recruit stronger creatures and start to expand. Your hero can level up, gain skills, also equipments during the playthrough.
Capture more castles, mines, or lands in general then conquer your opponents.

--Cons--
About the cons,
my biggest disappointment with the game is how the game seems to have a memory leak. I might be wrong but after playing a few hours, it will move slower and slower. It did force quit to windows if you played long enough. Maybe 5 hours ?
I have 16GB RAM. Loading the game from a save game will refresh the speed, but still could force quit you to windows.

Graphic is nice i said, but the game need a strong graphic card to let you enjoy it to the fullest. I used GTX 1050 2GB, and it can't get 60 fps even at lower setting. Maybe around 49 fps. Lowering down the graphic setting didn't seem to affect performance that much tbh. It is very weird. I turned off most of post processing if not all of them, i left texture at medium playing at 1080p. If you play this game then getting 60 fps, feel free to drop your comment down below, you're using what kind of graphic card, which settings, so people will be able to tell.

Maybe, those adressed to the very engine of the game, Unreal engine 3 i think? The same one used for XCOM 2. It is wonky, the old XCOM 2 had multiple in game glitches and bugs, also tons of performance issues. Like how about loading a battle for 30 minutes? Then crashed. Or 5 minutes to dismiss a single random people at recuritment pool, and i had like 50. If i didn't dismiss them, the overall game performance plummet. XCOM 2 however had a huge performace boost with the chosen DLC. Tho it was true that my first playtrough with XCOM 2 using a bleak potato PC, Nvidia 430GT ? Compared when i played war of the chosen with GTX 1050, and SSD. It improved the loading time to 5-11s. No more recruitment pool... No more pesky bugs. The cursed old XCOM2 showed me even a console game could blue screen (i also tried it on PS). So i wonder if somehow Ubisoft do a HUGE performance update with a new DLC just like XCOM2.

Oh, also, the game need Uplay installed. It will automatically login to it even if your account blocked...
I had account blocked for unknown reason, maybe a hacker tried to spam my password or something. This game miraculously able to login to the said account. I've contacted Ubisoft CS and got my account back. So it isn't a problem anymore. I know some people hate these kind of extra login, or even hate Ubisoft. Shrugs.

Music isn't as shiny as HOMM II or VI. But okay-ish.
I used Altec Lansing ATP-3 back then for HOMM II and Yamaha HS-5 for this game, along with Komplete Audio 6.

So, perhaps you asked why i didn't say anything serious about this and older titles, well,
Most people pick HOMM V as the best title, for many interesting and really useful innovations. Also true 3D experience.
Secondly, HOMM III, perhaps the first of the franchise ever had a photo realistic-ish graphic.
I'm a bit weird because i feel more attached to the more cartoony HOMM II and its gorgeous soundtrack.

--Pros?--
My biggest YES point for MMH VII is the unit smooth 3D animation. VI didn't as smooth as this one. V you don't say, also the 3D model is super outdated by today standard. Next, is i feel that there are many quality of life improvement from previous titles. Again, skip V because it had various innovations. To put it on number 6.5/10 perhaps. Could be 8.2/10 if they fixed the cons i've said above. 9.3 if they give it a better music, 10 if they add more content to it. +0.2 idk where if they fix the castle screen. Is 10.2 /10 even possible ? Idk. Castle screen is more utilitarian than artistic compared to previous titles, IMHO isn't a big deal if you don't know how it feels to play them back before.

For me the easier to navigate castle screen offset more than the art (which still is not that much lacking TBH), because... well do you stare your castle that much during a fight? Well i did, back when played the older titles because they stand out from any other games scenery. But nowadays games are much better.

I can go further describing differences between this and older titles, but seriously i'm tired writing. It is something you can read from the other reviews also. I will not cover stories, i never read 95% of my game stories. I can enjoy playing games with languages i can't even read as side effect. As long the maker isn't drunk screwed the logic. That's it, thanks for reading.
 

gigamelon1981
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
I love the Might & Magic franchise so when this one was first released, I read all the negative comments. I figured they would patch it all up and it would be fine. I just played this game and it looks like a game that was made 20 years ago. VI had a few glitches here and there, but they patched it and the game looks stunning. But VII???? Why would I want to play a title that the visuals look like it was released 2 decades ago?
 

Mamba
148 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
263.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2019
game is full of bugs enjoy playing but there are so many points in the game that just dont work as they should and a bunch where the reason something doesnt work or you cant do something isnt said. shame feel like the game is still in beta
 

garruk30
117 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
246.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2019
Exceptionally well balanced Turn Based RPG. Great series with incredible graphics during combat. The campaigns are very well designed. The difficulty seems to be very fair at normal level. No radical shifts from previous games makes learning curve quiet easy.
 

peacekeeper
27 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2019
This game does not does not run when you launch it. It keeps crashing. I purchased this game last January and returned it because it wasn't working and after 6 months I was hoping that they would fix the problem. Unfortunately Ubisoft did not fix the problem. Don't bother contacting customer support it takes a long time for them to pick up the phone.I tried Customer Support chat service and was unavailable most of the time no matter what time of the day. I got lucky one time and spoke to a Customer Support before but the person on the other line did not know what was going on. He did not understand why the game was not working either. He kept asking about my PC specs. Maybe he did not hear me because I am running a i9-7920x, RTX2080ti and 64bit RAM. It is sad to see a classic game that I have played for so long since I was a kid ruined.
 

-=Baddy=-
51 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
184.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
very good game. everything is nice. i finished it and also the dwarf expansion in 3 weeks. gj ubisoft, u are my nomination for the game of the year and also the developer of the year(2018)
 

erias
51 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
45.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
Love this series. Its not good but not bad, a bit above average. But who care.
 

Blake Pearl
282 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2017
I like H5 the best. H7 is not bad, at least better than H6.There is not much replayability and not much new maps in DLC even after 1 year. Buy only when there is a discount.
 

good times
65 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
37.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2016
Bugs. It would be a lot more fun if it not for some of the crippling bugs that prevent advancing in the game. Story has no animation, just plain lazy. The Uplay app is almost as bad as Origin. I regret buying it.
 

daw000x1
55 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2016
It had a few glitches; seems to be much better after the most recent update. I like it much better than 6. The AI is still not that great, but it has improved with the patches.

Overall I enjoy it
 

zap1989
202 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2016
it works well now.
 

Eillmoon
84 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2016
Great game yet it could use a little bit of fixing..I found hard to get used to the camera compared to Heroes V and VI for some reason,but yet it's a great addition to the Heroes Series.
 

RCT ~ Xtobal
396 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2015
This game is a pathetic, bad product. No balance. No interesting gameplay.

1. 90% of units just use atoattacks (not INTERESTING skills or some strategic stuff)

2. Pure, bad art design. As example, Dungeon creatures are not like Manticore, Harpy, other different monsters like in HoMM3. No. Just a boring elfs with diff weapons, same for forest elfs - no Unicorn, no real dragon, Pegasi, Satyr, no other creatures - just diff boring elfs with generic weapons.

3. Fire walls? Battle dive from air? SINERGY? Any INTERESTING stuff? MOST of units have skills like more strong punch or resist. Units are just a bags of HP who can use the same auto attacks. All the races are plays pretty same - go to battle and units start use same attacks again and again, and like one of the units can use something like a "skill" which is like more strong attack or splash damage.

Just remember cool and hard HoMM5 duels.


No strategy. Play HoMM 5/3/2 to see a real skills and DIFFERENT gameplay for units, races, etc.
 

Takano Miyo
50 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
206.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
i am not sure when i purchased this game but i did when it first came out and my gosh did I see great potential. But guess what, it had bugs. I patiently waited for the desync bug to be fixed, and waited and waited and waited. Its been almost a year now and they have not yet done this. If ubisoft are telling us that they cannot fix a desync bug in a turn based game then they have seriouse issues. I spent forty five quid on this game and they dont give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about fixing it. So that is fair, from this point on ubisoft will not get a single penny from me or my family in the future. They care about one thing and only one thing, they love the money and not their customers. If you are buying this for multiplayer dont do it as they will not fix it just as they never fixed heroes five. Also if you are buying it for hte single player, don't do it as the AI is just ♥♥♥♥. In fact stay away from ubisoft and all their products. If they do this now they will do it again.

congratulations ubsisoft I own over 140 games and you are getting my first bad review!
 

ohnodavido
203 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2015
They ruwined the klassik game.
I want the gameplay back as is in the online version: Walking with your hero through a landscape not looking from far above.
Verry bad combat with unwanted videos that take to many time.

I'am a Heroes of Might & Magic fan: played all the versions. This version is a mistake! Please make version VII quick so we can forget this version
 

Lowlandia
16 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
112.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2019
Awsome
 

the_amazing_svepp
9 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
93.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2019
But i hate uplay. Since i can't remember wich account is link to this game since near 4 years when i pre-purchase the game at full price.:((((
 

eveame
2,685 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2015
Unable to finish 3th turn in multiplayer due to bugs...
 

psicamaleon
223 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
44.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 1, 2020
really good
 

rrm.ramon
3 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
105.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2015
Bad.

You can accept some of the bugs..

But it has no AI at all.

Ruined my experience-
 
A developer has responded to this review

BleicKz_
61 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2018
The game seem good, but I can't play it proprely, so I unstall it. I try all bug fix suggered and can't find a way to solve the black screen issue. You could buy it if you feel luckier than me.
 

charlesbrosseau00
15 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
I was very disappointed with the game. Graphic basically left on VI version, almost zero change, plot and game scenario are very poor, video is static, not moving people with open months which suppose to illustrate talking individuals are like 20 years ago
 

Gasdrubal
148 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2017
I'm the trully fan of this series, playing full 3-6 untill this 7 make me SUPER DISSAPOINTED... bad graphics, bad towns theme (Draw paint??? Cartoon???), bad heaven troops (are they spartan or roman warrios???) and my last hope is MUSIC ( so sick with this game music...) I wish this serie never create, ruined my love series...
 

:D
206 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
66.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2016
The new combat mechanics (flanking) would only make sense in units have zones of control which they don't... Game is also super ugly compared to 6... AI is awful and campaigns don't feel like any real effort has gone into making them interesting. I loved 6... 7 just feels super rushed and forced, No love in the microscopic details that make games good. The only thing about the game I thought was an improvement was the town tree.
 

RobinsFoot
195 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
Product refunded

30 minutes of playing so far:

1) CRASHES ON LOAD

2) Game CANNOT CREATE SAVE FILES - can't progress as such!

3) Game syncing issues

I have more than the recommended system requirements.

Disappointing. Fan of the Heroes franchise, but I have an unplayable game.
 

Aster
146 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2016
Game is fixed!
 

andrioar
476 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2018
This game is good but different from previous versions in that there is no demon race. I used to play the demons so I could use the deveil dogs, they were my favorite.
 

kmwestmo
59 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2016
horrible cutscenes, extremely buggy, to the point that it's not playable. This should cost half of what it does, and even then it would just be barely worth it. I'll wait 6 more months and see if they fix the bugs!
 

TacticalCaffeine
422 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2021
best heroes yet
 

ivey42088
3 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2020
a lot of bus in the online
 

Hezak
87 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2020
One of the bests HOMM games!
 

Korppu
74 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2019
+ the campaigns are fun
- the AI is some of the worst I've ever seen in a strategy game
- the game is buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and some of the quest bugs are game-breaking, forcing you to restart the entire map
 

fuzz
527 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2020
Product refunded

Compared to the old Might & Magic games this one is pretty decent.
The maps in the main story are very cluttered and just all over the place.
The graphics are pretty OK when you turn the settings up to Ultra.

Gameplay itself is very confusing and not as straight forward as the 4th version of the game.
 

Kenny ツ Gamdom.com
85 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
148.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2021
Do not recommend this part though I'm fan of previous. There are some cool features - I really like development tree.
However, there is disbalance in forces and some "cheat" skills present. After 1-2 first battles with the enemy on the map you have no threar anymore as they do not regain forces but you still have to play days on that map which kills all the interest.
 

drtvdr3000
10 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2016
well this is my second review for this game
still negative btw
----
the thing is when you fight by your troops
if you have chapmion units
you dont feel heir presence at all
their animations its very bad
just give them some show
let me feel their presence
its like having basic units with high dmg
---
I used to play HOMM V and when i play with angel or dragons
you can feel the power
yes i have dragons
--
but here nah cant help
---
I know my english is bad
but I hope you get what i mean
-----------
is this enough reason to judge the game
my answer is yes
--------
and this is for the developers you did much better job in your online free game
http://clb.heroes-online.com/
 

ofaisalo
53 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
This is the first review that I have written for a game, and only because the mechanics are broken on some things. During the light quest line the third battle with a general contains the skill retribution. the skill is over powered and lasts longer than the skill timer allows for. I mean I understand that it makes for a challengeing game but seriously come the f on. when you can not beat the battle no matter what you do and how many different times to try different combinations of attacks and troops it just doesn't work out. The developers need to do a patch to fix this immeadtely and hopefully the game will be better off.
 

ritualrunes
60 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2015
Well, it saddens me, but oh how I wish another company would get this title from UBIcrap. The fact that the battles are in way zoom out mode and everyone is tiny and crappy looking... the fact there is zero attention to details, animations, etc. There's no choices in level up of monsters now, its just utter crap in every which way. I have played heroes of M&M since the first one. At least in VI the animations were cool, the combat was much closer up to the characters and the battlefield, the skills were better... even though it had a bunch of issues too, not enough factions, the monsters were not really correct etc. I completely wasted $60 on this. Its made me so incredibly angry I can't even express it.

Ubisoft is imo, one of the 3 top worst game companies in the world for game quality and support. They push titles out the door to make their quick buck, soiling the name of long standing games without a care. They hardly bother to fix bugs, add content, or even bother to have content on release.

Stay AWAY from this version of HOMM and pray someone else can get the rights.
 

Evarr Slipstream
219 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2020
The best Game EVER!
 

Nax205
308 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 30
They ruined the game, such a dissapointment and expensive,
 

fouriecj
4 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2016
A Might and Magic heroes game has finally managed to achieve proper game balance. Its about time!
 

jessbrooke
15 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 20, 2016
I have loved all of the Might and magic games but this one would be good but it is Big i mean Rilly big, and on top of that it has a very hard time running even on a good pc that sead i like it but it runs like ♥♥♥♥!!
 

zan
45 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2018
i like it
 

Omhz
918 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 7
great game
 

vi$ion
28 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2019
This game is fantastic.
 

mookau85
8 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2015
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE JUST RE PACKAGE HEROES 3 WITH NEW GRAPHICS AND CALL IT A DAY.
IS THAT SO HARD!!!

THATS LITERALLY ALL YOU HAVE TO DO. DONT EVEN CHANGE THE GRAPHICS TO 3D JUST MAKE IT WITH SOME GREAT ARTISTS AND WE WILL BUY IT!
 

[TC] bongfest
132 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
104.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Great franchise however way to early to make positive or negative reviews and definately won't be able to rate without being able to get past the loading screen without crashing
 

Killin in the name of
78 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
83.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2021
Good game
 

Goblin
123 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
177.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2021
old but still good
 

mjl315
5 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2015
I have yet been able to get the game to launch. It has been nothing but a headache. How about let me know when the game works and I will come back and try to play it.
 

yellowmonster
10 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
89.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2020
It's good
 

Uri Fefer
154 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
95.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2020
Great Game. Love everything about it. No bugs so far
 

breakNenter
9 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2016
Although there are some disapointments like the lake of animation during cut scenes, the game itself is very fun and an improvement over the last rendition.
 

bobboky
206 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
I'm not a M&M junkie or anything.. I've only played maybe one other version. That being said, so far I'm really enjoying the game quite a bit. Luckily on my W10 pc with GeForce 650 Ti video card with everything on Ultra/High.. the game looks and plays fine. I played the beta quite a bit, so while I do agree new people might have trouble with some of the game mechanics, it should be familiar to most who have played a 4x/TBS game. There are lots of options and so far playing the campaign, it's been quite good. The price is steep.. so some might want to wait on a sale.
 

MizzouRah
286 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
Okay so i'll start with what i liked that they had in this game from some of the others and so forth
1. Formation (so you choose where the units start before you begin combat)
2. The Skills
There are some more but those were the main 2 i liked besides the hotkeys
I quite like how streamline all the menus and inteface looks and works
Graphics where pretty good compared to the last game
Voice acting was ok
the fact they don't move in cutscenes (though i think ubisoft just wanted to save money)
Story is pretty alright for my taste at least
Overall i think the game is a Great game but still to some extent needs some work
 

Lightking813
598 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
458.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
nice graphics and a good AI for once, makes the games more diffifcult actually, nice campaigns build, and in all really well done, i was skeptical when played the beta but this game turned out quite good, there are some small issues that good be better like camera options ( like zoomin in more and turning the cam with mouse).

The game also has a lot of goodies to look through like heropedia, havent tried the multiplayer part yet but will come back to that in another review.

The editor is really awesome too....
 

Raider_manhc
155 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2015
Utter waste of time! AI destroys any pleasure playing this. If you can avoid buying this!!!!!!!!
 

Paski
109 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2015
Decent game, not the best of the series but they have improved on the balance of the necroplis faction.
5/10 would recommend buying if on sale.
 

RP01/107
195 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2021
verry good
 

onion
37 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
90.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2016
Great game!!! Played all of them from heroes I
 

CELEZE
9 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Why my language is not availalble: Polish? the others yes i dont understand the game is bought and Polish language not available GG UBISOFT and STEAM.

Edit:

After some bugs this game pretty playable, good graphic short voice records, its nearly heroes 3 but not same

minus for this game is multiplayer bugged as hell and i cannot join to the games because latency on the every servers 999, please fix this multiplayer.
 

BAHU.PRO
117 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
232.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2016
I purchased this game at full price (50$) a few weeks ago. I love this series and I think this game was totally worth it. I own nearly all of the Might and Magic games and this was one of the best stories IMO.

Several bad reviews warn of massive game breaking bugs, they have either fixed these or I just did not encounter them, I played almost all of the missions avaliable.

My only complaint is that I was not able to play with the Djinn lord class as I did not purchase the delux addition, The chain lighning wizard was my favorite from HOMM3.
 

Reidiculas
244 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
The game is just bad. I love the heroes of might and magic!!!! this game though is complete garbage graphics are poor loading is poor ui is poor buggy as hell looks like a cash grab way to trash the series ubsoft. dont buy this game im getting a refund.
 

jjbnumber1
15 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
I've played two campaigns so far and the betas, and I can so far recommend the game. I don't have any problem with it. No bugs, no crashes. I like the improved hero leveling system, the unit design, and the campaign story. As for the graphics: well, it's cheap and simple, but since when has a HoMM game been about super graphics? I'm sorry for the guys who expect a HOMM game to be produced on a budget the size of Call of Duty. Don't listen to all the nerds and spoiled fanboys who are able to damn a game after 10 minutes of gameplay and measure HOMM by its graphics. That's really just poor judgement.
 

tmeravy
292 products in account
1
57 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! The game loading time is insane (more than 5 minutes before the main title screen), you will encounter numerous crash, the visual aspect is terrible, all the magic of heroes is gone, and I am not even mentionning the musics (if you don't fall asleep, all my congratulations), what a shame on Ubisoft....
 

intothevoid87
225 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
103.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2016
this is ain't heroes anymore... guys seriously (devs) why u playing blind? it is ok, if u want to keep alive the franchise, and want to sell heroes games to the heroes fans, fine, then do it. can't believe I still playing more with H3 than with this weak copy
 

Venater
242 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2016
Its heroes, what more you want?
 

Baht
86 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
Very good
 

utopiaworld
503 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
166.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2015
Ok after reading all the Negative reviews I was very worried however, I remember when HoMM VI came out. It was full of bugs and it took them MONTHS to get that game working right. I'd say at least 6 months? Now is this how games should be realeased? NO! but, it is what it is. This game does have some bugs but it has far fewer then HoMM VI had when it came out.

This game feels like HoMM VI.5 which I am ok with. I loved that game and this one feels like a prettier version with some nice updates to mechanics etc. I haven't gotten far enough to comment on the total game but so far I like what I've played so far.

My computer is about 3 or 4 years old now? It was pretty top end then but this game does try it at some times. I am rebuilding after christmas.

I am happy with my purchase I think you will be too.
 

Quantum
69 products in account
1
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
This game is way better than Heroes VI with the readdition of the mage guild, real town building tree, more compelling units, heroes, and spells. Not to mention you can choose to play with the Heroes V version of leveling up skill selection (Random).

Awesome graphics, fun gameplay, a Random Map generator in the editor (is going to be getting more upgrades to be more usable), and more content on the way! This is the game fans of Heroes 5 and 3 have been waiting for.

All the people complaining about UPlay are being a bit vindictive. The game does require Uplay, yes. But it's NO where near as intrusive as it was in Heroes 6. It starts up when you launch the game and then just sits in the background. Then it synchronizes your save files when you exit. That's it. Not to mention Uplay has some unlockable content such as a few more artifacts, a llama mount for your heroes, and different decals for underneath the heroes.

 

Broom
406 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
150.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2021
A very good game. I think it's better than III
 

leoric1982
29 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
116.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2020
its the fery nice game
 

Kate Kush
21 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
95.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
U cant keep comparing new HoMMs to HoMM 5 or 3. They are legends. TBH HoMM7 is much better than 6.
 

GHE
116 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2019
Bug on bug.
 

monake_
12 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
32.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2019
Ive heard a lot of people saying that after the 3rd part of this game it only got worse, but since I never olayed the 3rd part and started from the 5th, this is the best one Ive played. This game has a lot more features, better graphics, more buildings, even the battleing system changed a little, so I deffinetly recommend it
 

INeeedRed
29 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
70.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2019
The battle movement was very slow and graphics weren't great. No weekly creatures, the diplomacy was non- existent. The magic in the game is very poor. No spells like chain lightning which was a favorite in the earlier games.
 

carlosrussell84
2 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2015
Any explaination on why this game is crashing while being launched?? Congratulations, great QA performed....
 

Amshaspands
96 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2018
Product refunded

uplay required - instant refund.
 

Sir Honkers
192 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2018
Editor wont publish... lots of bugs...
 

Lux
122 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
563.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2020
 

nicolas_australia
29 products in account
0
55 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Dated, slow , boring - i really wanted to like it but it dissapoints on so many levels that i'm not even motivated to make an effort to list all the problems. just an overwhelming yaaaaaawwwwwnnnn ....
 

MassMadness
194 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
34.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
So far, not bad at all. Played a little bit of a LAN game, and aside from some bugs, gameplay was great! Biggest issue I see so far is maintaining sync over the network. The rest of the game looks like a lot of fun so far.
 

TTV Binary_Data
258 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
34.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2016
I love the M&M series and own every game that has been made. I liked the direction that they were taking starting with M&M V and thought M&M VI was a step in the right direction. But this version feels like a step back to M&M 1 & 2 with the small icons representing structures in the environment ruining the immursion. In early games these short cuts made sense as the graphics of the time could not handle that much more. But they have had the ability to build better environments for some time as can be seen in M&M V and M&M VI so I simply don't get the vast departure from a formula that worked in this version. Still the game has a wonderful story and the animation of the turn based battles are top notch. If you are a fan of the M&M this is worth a look. Wait for a sale however.
 

Mad_Sailor01
1,014 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
168.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2016
I am working my way through the first campaign. So far, I am enjoying a lot of the mechanics of the game. I like bonuses to attacks based on enemy facing. I like the quick combat option for trivial fights, but appreciate the option to take control and re-play a battle if the auto losses are unacceptable.

I am really enjoying the narrative style of the story. That is to say, that each campaign is literally a story being told and you, as the player, are immersed in a tale of past deeds.

So far no horrible bugs.

I have been playing this series since the beginning and this game is meeting my expectations for a HoMM game!
 

gord0
72 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2015
This game is so broken right now - it's unplayable.
Here I was, 9 hours into a single player map, and suddenly the AI stopped. Stopped moving, stopped playing. it was just like a zombie, oh well I thought to myself, I'll just kill all of his heroes to see the victory screen, oh boy was I wrong.
I killed an enemy hero, and when I tried to advance to the spot where the hero was standing, the game said another army is blocking the way. I passed the turn, and there was a DIFFERENT hero, with the EXACT same army, killed him, and again, the way was blocked.
So I passed the turn again. by the seventh time, I've quit the game and asked for a refund from steam.
Please, if you are a Heroes fan like me (played since the first game, since I was 8 year old). STAY AWAY from this amateur pile of garbage.
 

elyran
188 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2015
A lack of inspiration, Art direction at his lowest, bugs, gameplay very simplified, animations are not an option (in cutscene and in battle). Oh, and the city screens are the ugliest I've ever seen, looks like an intern's concept art base. Very disapointing, this game's too expensive for what it is. Ubisoft definetly ruin the saga. Miss you, Heroes III. May you rest in peace.
 

HGriffe
91 products in account
0
See More Content
Back to top
©
Privacy Policy
Legal
Cookies
Steam Subscriber Agreement
© Valve Corporation.