Login
Store
Community
Support
Change language
View desktop website

© Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries. #footer_privacy_policy  |  #footer_legal  |  #footer_ssa  |  #footer_refunds
STORECOMMUNITYABOUTSUPPORTInstall Steam login  |  language
Store Page
Heroes of Might & Magic III - HD Edition
All Discussions Screenshots Artwork Broadcasts Videos News Guides 
Reviews
SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
457 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: 9 March
Ubisoft, please make the updated* "HoMM 3 Complete Version HD" or more deeply renewed touch like** "HoMM 3 Reunified"
Legendary game... Genre maker... Our childhood game... You have the source code for a long time... Make the HoMM title great again.

--- Thumbs up, if you want it too, maybe devs see us ---
--- Gençler yoruma destek verin de tam versiyonun hd'si bir çıksın artık, HoMM 3 candır, efsanedir ---

*Updated means more QoL changes (transfer all, train all, detailed town list, heroes list, etc), hotkey customizations...

As I also stated in discussion panel,

Considering that this game is a classic, a masterpiece of TBS genre, and an element of prestige. It shouldn't be this hard to make an updated full version remaster while the source codes are found. Moreover, it will continue to be sold for years to new generations, as long as there is multiplayer support (Single is good enough, but HoMM 3 multiplayer something like chess...). Because it still has no rivals in its genre.

Even today this version has 1000-2000 online players on Steam, without any updates or exp. for years. And if you add the GoG, Ubisoft, and hd mod versions on it, we can easily think that the game has 5-10K players that play daily. Well, think the potential of an updated full version of it...

It's really surprising that the game hasn't been revived even though it's #1 on the GoG bestseller (Among 4264 games, and most of them are old but gold ones, so that'a huge success).

It's a real goldmine if they're going to take it up again. Even with a good team leader, they could keep the spirit of the game and make a very good upgrade instead of just upscaling to HD.

**Something like "HoMM 3 Reunified" not just "HoMM 3 HD"... Just like Diablo 2 Resurrected not only better graphics, but deeper touchs. And again, Of course with taking the community's opinions for not to lose spirit...

You can also add your ideas about updated HoMM 3 complete HD, in the comments section below. What should be, what should be added, what should be improved in a possible HoMM 3 Complete HD version?
 

AlthorAries
224 products in account
5
158 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 November, 2020
Of course after examining this game from head-to-toe, I belong to a wide-spread group of disappointed Heroes 3 fans. This game lacks the expansions and content that initially made Heroes 3 what it is today. Any version of Heroes 3 without the complete experience is not a complete game and veteran fans of the Might and Magic franchise deserve more than this.

Some of us still bought the game knowing what it lacked to support the company in hopes that it would continue to provide content and general maintenance. When news of a Steam release for Heroes of Might and Magic 3 reached our ears, a lot of us had expected that content would be added after time.

To our disappointment, further development to the 1/3rd of a game we were given stopped shortly after it's release. A majority who experienced this disappointment turned to GoG and purchased the Complete edition that they offered. Though GoG lacks an HD integration with their copy, fans eager to have the more complete game in their possession would make that small sacrifice for the sake of functionality and completeness.

Most veteran fans and tech-savvy Heroes 3 owners will grab that copy and install the HoMM3 HD mod by Alexander Barinov to, more or less, recreate the Heroes 3- HD Edition experience with GoG's Complete edition. This, of course, nearly takes away from the point of attaining or playing Ubisoft's Steam release.

For new fans looking to purchase or have already purchased this game, once they learn about the large amount of missing content in this Steam release, they often become discouraged to continue playing.

The only thing that can save this HD Steam release is adding the expansions in one way or another. The game is in danger of becoming Steam abandonware. Successful games keep up with maintenance and add content. I would revise this review completely if they could tackle that main issue.

So if you're new or a veteran fan of Heroes 3, I'd highly recommend you to wait for the Complete HD game or go check out GoG's release with the HD Mod.
 

Drake Lyon
29 products in account
4
312 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: 22 December, 2019
Get the GoG version instead. Contains all the campaigns as well as various updates and mod availability.
 

Infernal
360 products in account
0
159 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
61.0 hrs on record
Posted: 31 August, 2019
Heroes 3 is my favourite game, but please dont buy this unfinished cash-grab.
This version only has the base game (restoration of erathia) included and NONE of the official expansions.
When playing multiplayer you cannot spectate your friends turn or his fights like the classic hotseat. You have to stare at the map (cant interact with own units or towns) while you wait for the 10 minute turn to end.
Can strongly recommend to buy the GOG complete version, install HD+ patch and HOTA patch. That way you have decent graphics, 2 factions more, can play the expansion maps and all of its benefits.
 

Dr. Fibonacci Caldera
159 products in account
3
152 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: 7 May, 2020
As much as I love the game - I cannot recommend this edition. It is based on the very early release of the base game in 1999 (without massive add-ons Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death). A lot of features are missing and controls feel clumsy comparing to Shadow of Death.
On the positive note - they've added high resolution support, which is OK. But free fan-made HD mod did it better.

Do yourself a favour - go buy a good old HoMM 3 Complete Edition on any other platform, and install HD mod. It adds modern resolutions support, some nifty control features and ...drum roll... freaking ONLINE lobby to the 20 years old game!!!
How come a group of enthusiasts made a better edition than Ubisoft - is a mystery to me, but here we are.
 

Emperor Leonid
216 products in account
4
925 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: 31 January, 2015
Do not buy this version. I'll let everyone make their own assumptions after this short review without pointing fingers to who does what (hint/hint).

I instantly got interested in this version hoping that somewhat refreshed visuals might make an old gem look more visually polished. I was wrong. The difference is almost unnoticable and due to the downside of having only Restoration of Erathia instead of full package of 2 expansions with additional castle, items and limitless map generator, this purchase is not worth even 1/3rd of the price of full game on good old games site - http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition which costs twice less by default.

DO not buy Steam version. Save Your money and conscience, get GOG version. A few pixels more, no achievements, but whole package.

As this is only 3rd of the full game which has nothing new in that third, it cannot have score of more than just a 3rd of a game.

3/10
 

Deepeye
245 products in account
18
614 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: 22 February, 2015
Ubisoft, the only reason why they're not the worse company in America (EA Games) is because: they're not based out of America. Here's the Pros and Cons of this "new and improved version of Heroes III"
Pros:
- "HD"
- It's Heroes III

Well that was easy.
Cons:
- "HD" only improves pixel quality, with no improvements to compatibility to its framerates it may look "nice" at a standstill but who cares about motionless, sub-par "HD"
- No Random Map Generator that Heroes III Complete has.
- No Conflux Race that Heroes III Complete has.
- More expensive than Heroes III Complete, and it doesn't even have Random Map Generator nor Conflux Race among Other things. (The 2 expansions)
- Buggier. Who the hell remakes a game only to make it buggier? Seriously. WTF.
- Crashes more often. Same as above.
- No Random Map Generator. That's a big deal you know. Those who havn't had it just don't know how much they're missing.

Ultimately, would I play Heroes of Might & Magic III - HD Edition? Nope. Waste of Money. Heroes of Might & Magic III Complete is 9/10 times better. I at least hoped they would have made the HD versions online playability better but.... Thanks Ubisoft, I don't know what I was expecting. Obviously something better than this piece of crap.

Let me say this again. Ubisoft is charging you MORE for this "HD" version that is missing not one, but TWO expansions. It is BUGGIER, crashes MORE frequently, and again, they had the GALL to charge more for it. I've been disapointed before; but, this takes the cake.
 

Sora Blue
137 products in account
16
146 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
9.8 hrs on record
Posted: 25 February
Do not buy this version of the game if you want all the factions (conflux) and a random map editior or even the basic maps. These guys are basically scamming you by offering a subpar version of the game for a very high amount of moneys.
Shame on you ubisoft you peasents.
 

moO
122 products in account
0
273 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: 13 April, 2020
TOTAL SH*T No expansions, changed machanics (for worse), simpler textures than in original and no random map generator. Ubisoft as usual is trying to earn money for doing half the work. Buy Original version on GOG (already with all expansions) and instal hd mod for free. Better graphic, hd for free and unchanged, good (not the bullsh&t made in 1 hour from this remaster) mechanics. Ubisoft is a ♥♥♥#%*g greedy joke that disrespects gamers.
 

wencynketoryks
94 products in account
6
851 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: 2 February, 2015
DON'T BUY

~5$ cheaper at GOG and you can get a free HD patch through a quick google search
~Very buggy
~Multiplayer is buggy and not worth buying this product
~Also the 5$ cheaper version is the FULL game with all expansions, this is the vanilla game with NO EXPANSIONS

In short its a worse product, it MIGHT get patched later but honestly this feels like a pump and dump for some quick cash, dont expect it to get patched later
 

ClunkyCashew
247 products in account
4
188 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2019
No random map with choice for number of human and CPU players. Just buy the original on GOG that actually has all important functionality.
 

dravir
88 products in account
0
139 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
441.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2020
Where are DLC's ????????????? #sadface
 

OvO
595 products in account
0
372 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
54.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2015
NOT RECOMMENDED.

This game is an awful tease - I'd bought it on pure nostalgia value, but at the end of the day I felt pretty crushed when I found that there are no expansions included, nor will there ever be. Essentially, Ubisoft couldn't get the source code for the expansion packs (disappointing) and declared that programming them again from scratch would be too much effort (understandable).

The dealbreaker for me is that the complete edition with all expansions is available very cheaply on Good Old Games - there's no reason to buy this when the old version is cheaper and gives you more content.

For what it's worth, the "HD" update is exactly what it says on the tin but it's not what you're hoping for. Pretty much all the sprites used to create the game were re-traced and more detail was added. I respect the work that must have taken, but at the end of the day it still looks like the game from the nineties that it is. You wanted the gameplay - the exact graphics are more-or-less irrelevant to me.
 

Gun Jockey
63 products in account
2
160 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2019
It's a classic game we're talking about here, and the HD Edition doesn't really improve anything other than the superficial graphics.
What it detracts, however, is surprising. Several types of enemies are missing. Once a creature is upgraded you can only get the upgrade, not the standard if you're low on gold.
Random Map Generator is missing. Expansions are missing. And thus, version number does not match the map-packs that are available. Thousands of maps you can't play there.

So. GOG has the complete Homm3 for a lower price than this. There is a mod/launcher that can run the old Homm3 on a modern PC in any resolution. And all of the minuses of the HD Edition do not exist in this case.

Honestly, go for the old one, nevermind the minor splashes of paint to the HD Edition. It's just not worth it. It simplifies too much.
 

Fimbulvinter
422 products in account
0
131 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
214.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2020
I love the game but they need to add the expansions for me to recommend it.
 

Simo Häyhä
157 products in account
0
146 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 8

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2021
First of all: this game is GREAT, you MUST play it.

The review is not about the game itself, it's about this mediocre release. It lacks random map generator, expansions and a decent online system.

There's another edition on GoG which has all the expansions, all you need to do is dowload the unofficial HD mod, which also includes the online lobby.
 

dau puro
846 products in account
0
156 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
55.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2020
Let me start this review by saying, even though I do not recommend this on Steam, this is a great game. I do recommend this game to whoever will listen, but Steam faces one problem.

As others have stated in their reviews, GOG offers the full game, including the expansions and its features, just not in HD. And last I checked, it was cheap too.

Now you might ask: "But what about HD?" If you are someone asking this, someone who really cares about how it looks, just stop reading here. Dont buy this game. Even 4k wouldnt do much for this game.

This just isnt a game you play for the graphics. It looks dated even in HD. You play HoMM3 for the gameplay. Even in 2020 this is still an amazing turn based strategy game. It has story, fantasy, castles, knights and dragons all working together (or against eachother). The UI works well and the game runs stable, even on modern systems.

I love this game. I started playing it way back as a kid, when we rented it from the local library 20 odd years ago. I still play it now, although I usually play my GOG version. I love it so much, I started playing it again on steam just to get the achievements. But being honest, I just cannot recommend you buying it on steam. As great as the game is, its just not complete on steam.

EDIT: Slight update and a few spelling errors.

Since the initial review, I have played through most of the campaign and logged quite a few more hours. HoMM3 is every bit as much fun as I remember. It runs quite well on steam and occasionally, its actually noticeable that its the HD.

However, this extra playtime does not sway my initial opinion. I still recommend getting this game on GOG. The minute improvement on graphics is just not enough. And the HD port brings a few, albeit minor, issues with it in the campaign.

Certain campaign triggers do not work, so you cannot always explore the entire map, or gather all artifacts on the map. These are minor issues and you can finish the map just fine for the campaign, but for someone who knew how it was supposed to work, it was a slight letdown.

Its still a great game though, and at the time of writing, I have already logged over 20 hours. If I had to choose between a movie ticket or this game on Steam, I'd pick the game. Regardless of the movie. It's just a shame the game is not complete on steam.
 

The Bountiful Bear
106 products in account
0
435 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2015
I am old. My first PC game purchase ever was Heroes of Might and Magic III. A Windows 95 CD-Rom with an instruction book on real paper and my PC was not even met the requirements. It was an amazing experience. Little figures on a map searching for treasures and fighting monsters was something I only knew from table top games and now happened live on my 14" CRT screen.
A whole world opened for me and since then I was really addicted to the Fantasy Turn Based Strategy genre.
Later played the Warlords series, the Age of Wonders series and the Disciples series.

Almost 20 years later I still have Homm3 installed on my PC and now and then I even met people with the same experience from this game and we play hotseat together a whole night.
I still own the original homm3 box, the Shadows of Magic boxed edition, the Collector's edition and the GOG version and when I don't have one available when I'm somewhere else I pirate it for a moment. I guess that's legal because I own the game in four different versions.

All this years so many progress is made by the real fans of this series to make the 20 year old title even better. We have VCMI, HD mod, Hota and so much user created content now that it is almost impossible to make a new edtion better then what is available fromt the community.

Maybe the biggest reason for me to play this game all this years without getting bored is that every map I play is different and unpredictable. This is because a generator creating a different map every play. IMO a must for every strategy/RPG/Adventure game on the market. I do not like scripted games, predictable games or story campaigns so much because after playing it one time I lost my interest to play the same map again. Also it keeps multiplayer fair because this way the map cannot be learned by players so nobody have advantage of knowing a map better then you.

Now imagine the best book you ever read and imagine a cheap B movie producer turns your book into a bad movie. That is exactly what happened with this version of Homm3 for me. The menu's of the game did not have any overhaul and are not fit in my laptop screen resolution anymore while the original 20 year old game does. For every click I make in the menu I have to wait at least two seconds while in the original game I misclick because the interface is so fast.
I don't see any progress in interface or menu artwork and it's so much slower then the original. I don't understand this.

All content after the original game came out like the expansions, the user created content, the new factions, the thousands of maps/campaigns and even the RMG (random map generator) is not there. It's just the base game and even the base game on GOG have more content because it's at least updated with bugfixes afterwards.

The unique selling point from Dotemu is the graphics overhaul and Í have to admit that it is very nice to see that someone spend so many hours creating better looking monsters and heroes for my favorite game of all time.
The units are cleaner and less pixelated on higher resolutions now and that is not bad. But they do not try something original or different so it's not amazing or surprisingly good. Just ok. In the town screens and on the map I cannot see any difference with the original and because every click is so much slower then the original game for me it's not worth the graphic overhaul.

I bought the game just to support the graphic artist and to have a voice on Steam to write my review.

I don't like the remake of my favorite game is not the perfect remake I can imagine. A remake IMO can never be a downgrade of the original. If you don't have original code from expansions you have to wait more time to release while hiring people from the community to make the perfect game or just don't touch it.
It looks like a quick project to make cashflow for the company instead of a soul project led by people dedicated to the Homm series. That's something bad.


 

Cablenexus
1,216 products in account
17
91 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
110.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2020
Do not buy this as HD edition. The graphic is awesome, but it does not contain any expansions. Just go to GOG, and you will find complete edition for 9.99, which is even better price than this, and you can download the HD patch. Still not as good as this HD edition graphic, but better play that with expansions.
ONLY IF UBISOFT REMAKE THIS AS COMPLETE EDITION
 

Alpha
83 products in account
0
187 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 10

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2021
THIS DOESNT HAVE MULTIPLAYER!. Google Heroes 3 HOTA, and you will see the multiplayer add on cant be installed on this ubisoft ♥♥♥♥. Better buy the premium edition on GOG and enjoy premium dlcs and an ability to play online(you could even download a HD mod). Upvote this so others wont be tricked into buying this crap!
 

Dali
23 products in account
0
83 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
21.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2020
Go buy the completed edition on GOG. This version only has the base game with a bit enhanced graphic. Not worth buying.
 

nguyên
203 products in account
0
100 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
51.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 1
Doesn't have the DLCs, which allow you to play with randomly generated maps, just buy complete edition instead (in GOG, for example).
 

noemdeixa
359 products in account
0
87 people found this review helpful 3

Not Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2021
It's missing half the game. They even removed the random map generator....
 

JMoon33
29 products in account
6
130 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2017
Heroes 3 is a really, incredibly good turn-based strategy game and a classic of the genre. The problem with this release is that it doesn't include the two expansion packs, so there's really no reason to buy it over the GOG release of the same game, which does include those. Without such things as the random map generator, this game loses a lot of its appeal.

Go to GOG and buy the Complete Edition, and run it with HOMM3HD (easily Googled up)! Then get to enjoying one of the best turn-based strategies out there.
 

radd
632 products in account
0
104 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2020
The original version of Heroes of Might and Magic III is one of my favourite games, but this version is lacking one important feature, the one that made HOMMIII stand out against all others.

Random maps.

This HD Edition only allows you to play through scenarios, and battle against friends. For me, this game is utterly and completely ruined without randomized maps where you could test your strength against AI. Do yourself a favour, and find the original version instead of this one.
 

HeatherW
17 products in account
0
117 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2019
"IT'S A TRAP!"

This game looks a little prettier, but only contains the base game, not the two expansions. This means it's missing 13 campaigns, an ENTIRE FACTION, the random map generator, and miscellaneous other features, such as a campaign editor, Combination Artifacts (where if you can assemble a particular combination of artifacts you get a bonus, powerful artifact) and sundry others.

Do yourself a favor, head over to GOG and buy the Heroes III Complete Edition. Honestly, the original sprite graphics still hold up rather well, and you'll get so much more value for your money.
 

Draconus
1,261 products in account
3
675 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
53.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
The game itself is a timeless classic and deserves a million thumbs up. But as of NOW, and for THIS edition of the game..

Conflux, powerful combo artifacts, new map locations, and the random map generator will be missed, but the prospect of a smooth(?) multiplayer environment, where you won't have to experience "can't connect, timed out" to a computer 5 metres away meaning you don't spend 30 minutes just trying to get everyone into the lobby and God forbid anyone disconnects during the 4 hour session... Worth. Or so I thought....

We're missing LAN - the only reason I (and probably you too, if you ever buy this) got this edition is because windows no longer supports IPX and all the problems that came with trying to start a session on TCP/IP. But no UDP? Not a gameplay issue and we are expected to play via steam, but still..

Also, multiplayer got a new problem. There is this previously unheard of 5~10 sec 'loading' period at the end of EVERY HUMAN PLAYER'S TURN, where all animations freeze and you can't do anything, kinda like the little unskippable tune you had to hear at the beginning of every turn during hot seat, just more insane with no workarounds (and that tune served a purpose, like kicking your friend out of the room before he spied on you - this doesn't) - I have no idea what the game is doing while it throws me an hourglass but it wasn't and shouldn't be there. Most of us do indeed alt+tab during opponent's turns, but early game this practically doubles turn cycles.



Please tell me they're patching the hourglass thing. Or I might go back to giving it fifty tries to play the game the old way.
 

Cancer
45 products in account
10
153 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
https://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition
 

MADdBrath
946 products in account
5
159 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2020
Product refunded

I refunded this game. Buying the complete edition and installing a HD mod is a much better deal. The game is fine and it works as advertised, but it does not include any DLC or expansion packs that are included in the complete edition.

I repeat myself, this game is great, it always has been and the HD edition is just as good. But I cannot recommend it over buying the complete edition and installing a free HD mod.
 

sKaaP
524 products in account
0
79 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2017
Would be great if the random map function could be added. Playing this version with friends and we are running out of maps. I think I speak for the whole community when i say add the Armageddon´s blade and Shadow of death to the steam version.
 

Mr. Ryd
18 products in account
6
112 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2020
Lots of features has been cut, no custom maps, strange behaviour of some spells (e.g. town portal). This app is just a shadow of great game, earning money on big name instead of good content
 

ros_st
3 products in account
0
119 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2020
This isn't the full Heroes 3 game it is only the original WITHOUT expansions!! do not buy it!! Instead get the complete GOG version and install an HD mod. I truly regret having not refunded this in time.
 

MoodElevator
256 products in account
0
68 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
780.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2020
this version is missing a lot of content


 

daveladouceur54
8 products in account
4
94 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2017
Heroes of Might and Magic 3 is a great game, but this version was just a shameless cash grab that didn't include the expansions. Get the game on gog instead because this version is just plain awful.
 

MParker799
90 products in account
1
82 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2021
!! READ ME !!

This is a great game. great and immersive gameplay.

But to anyone wanting to buy this game, beware!

It is not the collectors edition, which means:
- It is missing a lot of content like maps, castles, scenarios, creatures, you name it.
- FPS is capped at 30.
- No random maps.

I higly suggest buying it at gog.com for the complete version. It is more stable and multiplayer is not laggy
 

Silver Ace
38 products in account
0
183 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2016
Not worth it. I bought it only for multiplayer online feature. But instead:

1. Go to gog.com. and buy and install complete edition.
2. Go to gameranger.com and install and registrer.
3. Make your friend do the same and go play some heroes 3 game with the expansion packs.
No error, no hustle, way more creatures and maps to play.
 

Aeon
146 products in account
1
128 people found this review helpful
53 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
8,667.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2021
где Клинок Армагеддона?
Where is the Blade of Armageddon?
де Клинок Армагеддона?
Wo ist die Klinge von Harmagedon?
アルマゲドンの刃はどこにありますか？
Où est la lame d'Armageddon?
아마겟돈의 칼날은 어디에 있습니까?
Πού είναι η Λεπίδα του Αρμαγεδδώνα;
¿Dónde está la Espada del Armagedón?
Gdzie jest Ostrze Armagedonu?
ಆರ್ಮಗೆಡ್ಡೋನ್ ಬ್ಲೇಡ್ ಎಲ್ಲಿದೆ?
Malis Avibus autem Armagedon Ubi est?
 

Lonely.pro_(DEAF)
346 products in account
0
170 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2015
Many years have passed since I played Heroes of Might and Magic for the first time. I still can EASILY RECOMMEND HEROES OF MIGHT AND MAGIC III COMPLETE but unfortunately I can't recommend the Heroes III HD because there are no expansions... It's just the overpriced and poorly remastered standard game and it's missing many contents for example:

-no random map generator,
-no campaign editor,
-no conflux castle,
-not so many scenarios,
and much more...

In the store there was written something about a "new multiplayer lobby". Yep, its possible to play online but you don't have the working lobby (atleast me and my friend couldn't get it to work). You just probably need the IP from the guy you want to play with. You can play online like this in standard non HD version too.

10/10 for Original Heroes III,
4/10 for HD remake of Heroes III...

You should buy somewhere original Heroes III with all expansions for a cheap price instead of this one.
 

Hurt Me Plenty
1,659 products in account
0
115 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
59.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
Well, look at what we've got here... A scam.

Heroes of Might & Magic III is a great game, it really is but the Steam version is just crap, it feels like a demo that you have to pay for, and an overpriced demo while at it.
Go and buy it on GoG, you'll have:

- Cheaper and better.
- Restoration of Erathia, Armagedons blade, and Shadow of Death, Armagedon and Shadow of Death aren't on the Steam version.
- Greater map pool.
- Random Generated/Randomized maps.
- More campaign options.
- More items.
- Conflux Town (faction which is not available on the Steam version).
- More creatures.
- HD mod is free (if you even care about that, I honestly do not).
- Soundtrack comes with the game (that's a plus on GoG in general, you don't have to pay for the soundtrack you already have paid for like you do on Steam, which is utterly dumb and greedy.
- Creature tables and guides.

There is no reason to buy it on Steam.
Plus the rest of the series is available on GoG, even the first one, but not on Steam.
I would love if they were all on Steam and complete as the GoG edition but unfortunately it is not the case, I would buy them again if they were on Steam and complete, I do not know why I have bought this... I thought that I could somewhat merge the GoG version into the Steam one, or at least transform it into the GoG version using some parameters but no luck, it probably would be possible but it's too much time consuming so I gave up.

That's my feedback about the Steam edition of Heroes of Might & Magic III - HD Edition.

It literally deserves 0/10 because of the non competence and greediness from Ubisoft, it's not Steam/Valve fault after all.

But if I were to talk about the GoG version.
I'd say that it is simply an epic game.

- Great textures/graphics for its time.
- Lot of factions but it could uses more units in my opinion, especially the neutral ones.
- Great and fun campaigns.
- Almost infinite of replayability
- Great soundtrack
- Modding
- Just go and play it already.

9.5/10 for the GoG version.



Do not encourage Ubisoft by buying this, even if you are a fan of the series, even if you don't care about playing your games or not, even if it is just for your collection, do NOT buy it, not even at 2$.
I'll ask you this... Why playing a uncompleted version when you can play a complete version for cheaper?
I'll let you think about it.
 

CelestialAfroJungle
3,614 products in account
6
170 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
Heroes lll, is an amazing game. But this version is terrible. The graphics are great, and that's it! There are only about 25-40 scenarios, and half of the campaign is not in the game because the DLC's are missing. I don't recommend you to buy this game. Buy it on gog.com, cheaper and 100% better!
 

ranihood
93 products in account
7
64 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
25.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
1) The game HEROES 3 is one of my favourite games of all time time.
2) This VERSION is absolutely not the superior edition of the game.

The GOG version is everything you could ask for. I actually bought the
steam one too, as I planned to get all of the achievements.

GOG Version -
USUALLY MUCH CHEAPER+ New Town (Conflux) + All Campaigns +
3x Maps of Base Game + Random Map Generator + Free Soundtrack +
Modding Capability
Mods for GOG Feature -
HD Rework + 1 New Town (Cove) + 1 Planned New Town (Factory) +
New Items + New Creatures + New Maps (Including much larger maps) +
Much, much more...

Steam Version -
Base Game + HD Rework + Achievements

You decide (?)

Having said all this, even with just the base game, I would recommend Heroes 3 to
anyone. Try and play a small map on Hotseat with family or friends when you're
altogether. I'd recommend leaving the room for opponents turns! Make sure you
have another game in the next room to keep people busy (I recommend Smash Bros.)
 

Morgan 3man
147 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2020
Gameplay is fun, nostalgia AF, but, there is no excuse for the developers and license holders of this 20 year old game to not release either expansion pack in the last five years.
 

consmcchill
70 products in account
6
76 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
63.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2020
The game didn't receive the expansion packs
 

coppersprocket
47 products in account
0
379 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
Don't buy it. No random map editor, ubisoft screwed up yet again. Just purchase the original Homm3 Complete from GOG
 

Owlster
192 products in account
3
261 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
I have no idea how they managed to do it, but leave it to Ubisoft not only ruin a great franchise, but somehow, take a great game, make very minor changes and still somehow, make it terrible.

The Fps is a bit off, it stutters, it's annoying, it's ugly. I can run Rome 2 total war a lot better than this game it seems.

Unskippable Ubisoft logo at the intro, like they are proud of it somehow, though that can be modified out of the game by changing the files in the game folder.

The music, instead of continuing where it left off like in the original, restarts now everytime the music changes. Walking in a grass field, cue the beginning of the grass theme, go to a city, cue the beginning of the appropriate city music. Needless to say it gets very very annoying to hear the same part of the same song every few minutes. Always the beginning of the song, always. You never spend that much time looking at your city, or walking your hero, so you never really hear the whole song, only the beginning. I get the idea that listening to a song from the middle can be a bad idea, but when the music is constantly changing, the old style fade in and fade out, and starting where you left off just worked so much better and just felt so much more right.

Pressing space to visit the location you are standing on got dropped out as well. If you take a wrong portal, you are forced to spend movement going out of the portal and back in. Same if you happen to end your turn and the week on a mill. No idea why they thought that was an ability that had to be removed.

I have heard rumors that cheats work in multiplayer, I haven't checked it myself, had trouble playing online. It's not working as well as I hoped.

The achievements are, to put it lightly, uninspired. There are no fun achievements to chase, as in Crusader Kings II or Europa Universalis. They are all like this: Beat this campaign, beat that campaign, beat this campaign. That's not really fun chasing those achievements, the campaigns may be fun to play, but the achievements are not even flavoring, they are just there so they could put ''Achievements'' in the description. Was it absolutely impossible to have a achievement like ''Have every type of dragon in your army'' or ''Win a battle with only seven dwarfs''? Yes. Yes it was. That would have meant that they would actually had to put some work into the game.


There... that's what's wrong with the base game. I know they didn't include the expansions, so i'm not complaining about that, since that was never advertised.


In summary: It's lazy, it's buggy, it's bad. Ubisoft should just start working on games for tabloids and phones, because that is clearly what they want.
 

Ás Fífldjarfi
251 products in account
2
689 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Just to clear things up before you start reading: I've played the original Heroes of Might and Magic 3 for over 2500 hours.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wow. Just wow.

It feels like Ubisoft loves to mess with their customers. Maybe that's the reason they keep doing it over and over again. Or are they just trying to beat EA for being the worst company in the gaming industry?! I guess we'll never know...

- No random map generator. Long term motivation? NOPE! (Yes, I know that there is a map generator available, but it's not the randomized one I'm talking about.)
- One fraction is missing.
- No LAN support.
- Both DLC's/Addons are missing.
- [Bug] You have to click for every single moving point of your heroes. Having (e.g.) 100 moving points available will result in 100 clicks you have to make.
- [Bug] Beside that, the map will reposition itself after every single step, so you have to "re-aim" 100 times as well - ON EVERY HERO, ON EVERY SINGLE DAY.
- Considering the before mentioned things the price tag of 14,99 € feels like a huge smack in the face (I paid 9,99 € for HoMM3 Complete, including 2 discs).

+ Overall better graphics, although the "old" version wasn't looking that bad tbh.
+ Support for high resolutions.

The only thing that would make this game more ridiculous would've been the integration of Ubisoft's beloved 30 FPS cap to make the game look more "cinematic".

Conclusion: I was hoping to finally get my hands on a visually more appealing version of Heroes of Might and Magic 3. and I got f'ed hard. I really don't recommend anyone to buy this, unless Ubisofts comes up with some updates.

Thanks, Ubisoft.
 

ath3ris_
1,499 products in account
23
105 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2017
I have a billion hours on this game off of Steam. DO NOT buy the Steam version. It is the worst version I have ever played. I woldn't get it even if it was offered for free.

Do yourself a favour, save your money and buy the COMPLETE version from GOG like I did. Oh and don't forget to get the HOMM3 HD+ mod from the web and enjoy true HD quality.

You are welcome!

PS: For more details on why I rated it as I did, please click to view the comments of this review.
 

GrimReaper
336 products in account
9
168 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2016
Guys, Guys, Guys. Hold up before you buy this.

First of all, I LOVE this series. I grew up with it as a child, and I distinctly remember playing both heroes of m&m and heroes chronicles which I got when I was 4.

When I saw this in steam, my heart leapt with joy! Not only could I relive some joyful childhood memories, but others could as well. This product didn't cut it.

Its not so much the random map generator. If this game was finished and you were really that concerned about this aspect, you could have hit up gog.com for the full complete non hd version. That version still has a working map generator, and you could generate your maps, save them, and transfer them over to this game.

You COULD possibly do this IF this game was FINISHED. Its not.

Its missing both its add ons, which is a real dissapointment for me. It makes it so much less enjoyable; less enchanting than its original predecesor. It also makes it impossible to use the map generator or any maps you may have made as a kid using your original game copy (I have a original game of Heroes 3 on cd, and none of the maps I generate or make on that game copy work with this).

While this game is hd, its not heroes 3.

I recomend the following replacements:

Heroes 3 complete edition: Located at gog.com. Just make an account and follow the steps, its not that hard. Comes with all add ons and random map gen.

Also for the heck of it, Heroes Chronicles: mini game series based around heroes 3 which in my opinion gave a much more in dept storyline for people not invested in the history of heroes of might and magic to follow. Meaning, it starts you off with a charecter (Tarnum?), and you get to see his life play out from the beginning. Also located at gog.com. Only catch is that you may have to buy all of the games to get the full experience of Heroes 3 (landscape and castle/creature wise) and I dont currently know how much it costs.

Sad that I have to give this a thumbs down but... well I cry because I care.
 

Wilder ☾ King
176 products in account
3
317 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
Let me be clear: NEGATIVE FOR THE RERELEASE, not of the game.

This is only the base game, not Heroes Complete and there are no plans for the Expansions to be released. The game it self works just as well as it did in the past. Save your self $5 and buy the Complete version at GoG.
 

Kroses
191 products in account
3
96 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2019
How in the nine blazing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hells do you figure selling a game that is as old as my childhood dreams being crushes WITHOUT the full content (IE expansion packs) for THIS price is a good idea?

Theres the corporate greed for ya. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft.
 

Freelapdance
1,396 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2020
GOG
 

crimson0samurai
147 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2020
Do yourself a favour and get the GOG version plus free HD mod instead.
 

Sylvia
566 products in account
0
69 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 22, 2019
Buy the COMPLETE edition on GOG and download the HD mod for it (google it). More content, lower price.
 

DJetelina
214 products in account
0
92 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2020
THEY REMOVED THE RANDOM MAP GENERATOR!!!!!!!!!!!!WTF
 

Sauerkrause
114 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2018
I thought I wouldn't mind the lack of expansions too much, but there's just so much missing content. Plus, this edition introduced a couple of bugs that didn't exist before, like moats not doing damage.

Just get the complete version from GoG instead, download the HD mod and Horn of the Abyss, and you've got the best possible H3 experience for less money than this.
 

Ajensis
138 products in account
0
140 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2015
Genre:
Turn-based strategy.

Gameplay:
+No UPlay 3rd Party software needed/installed.
-Multiplayer is DEAD or not working!
+The original Complete Edition is the greatest turn-based game made in history, wonderfully made.
+Extreemly fun & addicting resource finding thru a turn-based Fog of War exploration.
+Basic & fun resource crafting.
+Single hero play that leads battalions around the mythical world and into battle.
+Hero controls battalions, their abilities & spells, and hero can cast spells as well in battle.
+Most scenerios are Kingdom conquering objective, but there are other game-winning objectives in other scenarios.
+Town barracks building & upgrading.
+Large number of creatures & unique abilities.
+Enjoyable Hexal-style battling.
+Spellcasting tree with many spells to choose from.
+Massive amount of gear & world items.
+Multiple unique civilization factions to choose from.
+Multiple scenarios in campaign mode.
+Multiple AI factions can be played against in one game.
+Original Complete Edition had random map generator making re-playability endless, this version does not include it!
+Has Local Multiplayer Hotseat sharing same PC.

Difficulty:
+So many scenarios the range of difficulty is yours to choose from, making the game extremely enjoyable.
+One of those games you can jump into and have very little of a learning curve, making it very fun!

Replayablity:
- 0/5 None.
- This remake version is NOT worth playing at all due to reasons listed below.
+ Original Complete Edition would be a 4/5 often replayability.

Overall Rating:
☆☆☆☆☆ 0/5 Stars - Skip.
-This version has no expansion packs and missing big chunks that made the game great.
-The fans (and new users) wanted only the original Complete Edition version with Steam multiplayer and tournament ladder stats - Ubisoft did NONE of these, making the game pointless, irrelevant and rubbish!
-Here you have half a game and no multiplayer, and yet sold at a ripoff price!
-Cheaper and Complete Edition avail. on GOG[www.gog.com] and you can play multiplayer thru the 'GameRanger' servers (along with epic games like 'Rise of the Witch King').
-Alternative recommendation on Steam are the games 'Darkest Dungeon' which gameplay elements are inspired by this game and yet maintains it's own original identity, and 'Age of Wonders III'.

----------

For additional game reviews please visit: http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordOfDarkFlame/recommended/
 

LordOfDarkFlame
3,087 products in account
0
84 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
135.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
Love this game very much and remember playing the original+expansions as they released. The biggest problem of this game is that it's $15 for the very first game without either expansion included. The "HD" isn't extremely noticable and certainly not another $15 worth especially since it doesn't come with the expansions. Sadly i would not recommend this product to anyone, just look for the original "Heroes 3 Complete" (they use the complete picture for one of the adds kind of false advertising if you ask me) and buy that instead. I would absolutely ammend this review in a more positive light if they add the expansions in a patch but for now it's not worth it unless you get it for less than $2.
 

Chubbs
354 products in account
0
82 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
Avoid this game, while Heroes of Might and Magic III is a classic this is a easy cash grab by Ubisoft.
It does not feature content from the two expansion packs Armageddons Blade and The Shadow of Death which can be bought on GOG.com as the Complete Edition. Putting on a HD mod-patch is a breaze.
 

DodoGeo
1,039 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2016
Product refunded

This game isn't even worth 3,74. Get the complete edition and download the unofficial HD edition to play it with way more content and in my opinion better graphics. Most of the features have bin removed like the DLC and even generated maps.
Also if you're interessted in buying the complete version with the unofficial HD mod I recommend getting 2 mods called "Horn of the Abyss" and "Wake of Gods" which add even more content!

If you try to make a HD version of an awesome (and nostalgic for most users) game, atleast put some more effort into it.
 

Verekker
218 products in account
12
112 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2019
What can I say. Ubisoft really messed up this time with this game. None of the DLC's are included and the most important thing, the Random Map Generator, isnt included aswell (for whatever reason). I assume Ubisoft just wanted to milk out the very last money potential from the game, without putting much of an effort into it.

If you liked the original HoMM3, then this game isnt what you are looking for, sadly.
 

LukAss
150 products in account
0
102 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
45.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2017
They blew it, this is the laziest remaster i've ever seen. Get the complete edition from GOG with an HD mod
 

moominpapa
222 products in account
0
64 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
127.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2020
It's missing expansions
 

Lady Gaga
150 products in account
0
164 people found this review helpful
287 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2015
this is a 14,99€ mockery, i should've bought a winrar licence instead
 

{X}
22 products in account
3
88 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2019
A timeless classic. Would recommend the complete edition on gog.com though bc the expansions are missing in this edition and there is no mod support. thx for nothing, ubi
 

Hioco
413 products in account
0
418 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
I want a refund. I bought this game to experience a classic with better graphics and smoother updated gameplay. What I received was less content than if I loaded up my old version of the game, glitchy gameplay(to the point where I cannot scroll right on the map, but have to click on the mini map to move right), and ABSOLUTELY NO DIFFERENCE IN GAME APPEARANCE. How can you put an HD tag on a game THAT LOOKS NO DIFFERENT! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT A BETTER LOOK AT YOUR FAVORITE OLD GAME. THIS IS A SCAM! THEY TOOK THE OLD GAME, TOOK AWAY CONTENT, AND CHARGED A PRETTY PENNY TO EXPLOIT PEOPLES NOSTALGIA. Ubisoft should be ASHAMED.
 

good.good.good
118 products in account
5
51 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2018
Rushed, Incomplete cash grab by the publisher.

AVOID THIS PRODUCT

Ubisoft turned this masterpiece into a mess, by only including the base game (Restoration of Erathia) and it doesnt come with the expansions, nor the Conflux faction that one of the expansions included. if you are a fan of this game, I reccomend you buy the Complete version and install the HD MOD on it, which creators of said mod, have also made a fan expansion Horn of The Abyss. which includes a brand new Pirate faction, a new campaign, additional map sizes, great custom maps, and a pretty great Matchmaking system with leaderboards and live chat in English, Russian, and Polish.

AVOID THIS PRODUCT!!!
 

[DICKS EVERYWHERE]
153 products in account
0
238 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
Quite disapointed. Did expect more from the HD edition.


You have full authority to remake a game, you could have added some extra maps, new heroes, new artifacts, new enemies, new creatures.......BUT NO! You only make it in a HD version and demand a high price for a game that is not even with the 2 expansions OR all the chronicles!


Dont even buy this on sale, get it here: http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition and get the whole game for 8.99. Sure it's not HD, but you won't notice it.

If 3DO still existed, they would be so offended by this pathetic "HD Edition".




Sometimes, graphics is not the only thing important.
 

Batman
107 products in account
11
50 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
193.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 8
Heroes III is a great game and I would recommend it to absolutely everyone. Sadly, the HD edition available on Steam consists only of the "Restoration of Erathia", aka base game. For those who don't know, there are actually 2 more expansions called "Armageddon's Blade" and "Shadow of Death". Unfortunately, we cannot play them in the HD edition. This edition is a graphic remaster of RoE and does not include many adjustments, new units or maps that can be seen in the Complete Edition, which contains all three expansions. Is it worth buying then? Yes, absolutely yes. The graphic redesign is overwhelmingly well made. For those who played the original game, playing this game will feel like a return to home. Same game, same engine, same great story and heroes, but with much better, fresh & new graphics. Recently I've completed all of the campaigns that are available in this game and all I can say, is that it was a great journey. Playing this masterpiece is really relaxing and always drives me in the good mood. If you haven't played it yet or you're still thinking whether to buy it or not - don't waste more time and already jump in this beautiful world.
 

skipdudes
104 products in account
0
107 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
103.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2015
I will preface this by disclaiming I have been a huge fan of HoMM2 and HoMM3 since I first played the HoMM2 demo, before HoMM3 was originally released.

For Singleplayer and LAN-Multiplayer, instead of this version I recommend
HoMM3C = Heroes of Might and Magic: 3 Complete
available at GOG.com drm-free and includes both official expansions (Armageddons Blade and Shadows of Death) for Heroes of Might and Magic 3. And you can find fantastic mods such as WoG "Wake of Gods" and HotA "Horn of the Abyss" to add further depth to your game.

I have played HoMM3C for thousands of hours over the past 15 years.
I have played (and spent countless hours attemping to play) HoMM3C over Hamachi(no longer works afaik) and GameRanger (very buggy for me, always had trouble).

I purchased this version knowing it was just RoE without the expansions.
The reason I wanted this was for the MULTIPLAYER on steamworks! FINALLY!!! (HD is nice too)
But... There are so many problems...

I do not completely agree with all the negative reviews, which seem to have come from those clueless about what they are actually buying. (Yes we know the EXPANSIONS NOT INCLUDED, they lost the source material apparently, which is a tragedy but you can't give this a bad review just for that when they tell you exactly that in the first place.
Though I have to say I had hoped for a little better delivery on the multiplayer (which is the entire point of this version for me) and to a lesser extent the user interface (there is an HD-mod that is made for the old HoMM3C version which helped by adding buttons to transfer all items or units (except last 1) to another hero) and a button for purchasing ALL AVAILABLE TROOPS in a town.

Cons:
-Highly addicting gameplay that will absorb years of your life...
-Bad reviews
-Multiplayer requires port forwarding (come on, this is 2015...)
-Multi-player is buggy, disconnects, cheats etc
-DOES NOT INCLUDE TCP/IP LAN multiplayer (IS INCLUDED in HoMM3C version)
-NO STEAM WORKSHOP
-Missing all expansion content (known when announced, mods will help if developers allow)
-No quick transfer/purchase buttons (I know this is only in the HD-mod, but get with the times)
-Multi-display is buggy, I mouse right out of full screen mode, which minimizes instead of just scrolling across the map as I intended.

Pros:
-Highly addicting gameplay that will absorb years of your life!!!
-Steamworks multiplayer
-Hotseat multiplayer
-Thousands of gameplay hours
-HD graphics (supposedly 30000+ hours of retexturing)
-Community modders converting expansion maps

Hopes/dreams for the future:
-NO PORT FORWARDING in multiplayer
-Workshop support
-Expansion content(community reverse-engingeered if it must be!)

That said, I am still very much enjoying this game again. The lack of buttons to 1 click-transfer units/items or purchase all available troops are SORELY MISSED. So I will probably go back to the HoMM3C version with HD mod when not attempting to play multiplayer.

I really want to give this a positive review, and will do so if they manage to fix the issues that plague multiplayer and user-interface.

The ball is in your court development team!
 

ŅėVƏŔÐÏÊŦĭĢĒŗ
628 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 6

Not Recommended
41.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 2
Just buy the normal Heroes of Might and Magic III Gold on GoG - you will have both the Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death and you can install HD mod to make it look better than this "HD Edition". Also you can have more quality mods on the GoG version. This one right here is just the worst version of Heroes III.
 

BDG Phi
1,786 products in account
0
178 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
Shameless cashgrab. Content is heavily nerfed and it doesn't work with WoG or other mods. Get the GoG version if you want to play this gem.
 

GeorgeVlad
453 products in account
3
49 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
188.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2021
Would have recommended this game, if it was the Complete version. Ubisoft have lost a lot of potential income, and all they need to do is add the complete version. This is the reason people buy the game from GOG instead. It's so obvious that it's stupid. There's also many bugs that appears doing the game. For example, the town music just restarts every time you visit. I feel so bad about this game and Ubisoft does not seem to care at all........
 

Mr Jones
17 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful 4

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2021
Ignore the time spent: I've logged so many hours in this game I still hear all the sound and music even if everything is turned off. This game was my crack when it first came out and it's been my crack ever since. I haven't owned a computer without it. While not my all-time favorite entry in the series, it's the most absolutely joyfully solid old classic game.

THAT SAID you can also buy this game on GOG.com and they have all the expansions/complete edition so like. Do yourself a solid and get the whole-joy experience.
 

knetmakri
368 products in account
0
68 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,489.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2018
Its actually quite a shame that one of the "greatest original games of all times", has a "mixed" overall review rating, all because Ubisoft shot itself in the foot by failing to release the expansions in HD at the same time as the base game.

Its quite possible that Heroes Of Might & Magic 2,3,4 are among the most influential games I have ever played. It is the first game I recall playing all night, the first series I bought a better computer to play and the only series I have replayed hundreds of times over 20 years.

It is hard to overstate HOMM's impact on the gaming industry as a whole, some of the gameplay mechanics in this series were groundbreaking at the time and have since became staples in other games

In reality, "this" (this being an HD remake of the original game, which is for sale on an easily accesable platform) might be the only way a certain demographic of younger gamers could otherwise access this old and by default obscure game which stands the test of time and which has still yet to be legitimately replicated or improved upon.

 

Midnight Exotica
202 products in account
0
261 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
I bought this for the nostalgia factor. I wanted to see an updated version of a childhood classic. Instead the game is missing key parts, such as the random map generator. Is it playable? Sure. But sometimes I want a random map to play around with, not one of the premade scenarios.

The graphical update is minimal, and honestly, laughable. Just a few changed monster designs and a quick polish to icons. you have to be looking for the differences to find them, it doesn't stand out. Its not worth the bullet point given to it in the product description.

Will I play more of this? Yes, just so I can feel like I've gotten my money's worth out of it. But your money is better spent at GoG where you'll get the orignal game plus both expansions (which is what we're all looking for anyway).

But I will say, it is fun having access to the map editor again.
 

Boof Knight
189 products in account
3
218 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
84.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2015
I've just bought Heroes 3 on GOG.com for 3$. Just compare 15$ here for restoration of rathia with many bugs and 3$ on GOG.com for full HOM&M 3 experience.
 

szpen
337 products in account
7
52 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2018
This is not the full version with all expansions. It just contains the first of three big story line campaign "Restoration of Erathia". As a result 66% of the game is still missing: "Armageddons Blade", "Shadow of Death" and even the "Chronicles".
 

Fetito Fazzito
1,361 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful 4

Not Recommended
56.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2020
The game itself is great, but the Steam release does not contain any of the expansion packs and is missing a bunch of really great features (including the random map generator!).

Get it, but not from here. Try a certain online store with DRM-free products. *wink*
 

Rosch'chak
878 products in account
0
135 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
This is a joke. I wasted a lot of money, just to get a version without Conflux faction and the random Map Generator. Why can't you do anything right, Ubisoft?! It's the last time I trust you for anything, and screw you for taking advantage of my love of a classic game!
 

BjørnenSover
48 products in account
5
62 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2015
Does not include the expansion packs or the random map generator, better off getting the complete version from gog.com instead.
 

shigerufan
346 products in account
0
101 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2021
Its a great game. but get it on gog. You can get the complete thing for less money then use the hd mod and youl have a better experience!
 

AidanCorgi
203 products in account
0
60 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
114.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2020
needs the dlc
 

Cell
3 products in account
0
360 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
BBGCV - Better Buy GOG Complete Version
 

Nelia Vaal
315 products in account
4
41 people found this review helpful 10

Not Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 9, 2020
god tier game but release DLC content. Feels incomplete
 

RDY
300 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2020
Product refunded

Buy the original, they removed the random map feature...
 

nick
130 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Not Recommended
7.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 16, 2021
There are no expansions in the game which means a lot of content is missing, the game is locked at 30 fps, it can be unlocked with other tools but still for a 'hd edition' it shouldn't be locked.

For a better experience with this game I recommend you to buy the complete edition with all the expansions from gog(10 euros ,cheaper than steam and it's way better), or just crack it and then download hd mod.

The community of the game made an expansion called HotA* ,it's free you can download that too (it requires complete edition) and use the hd launcher to play , it has online in it and it adds a new castle and new buildings and stuff. You can play online with others ,there are always 600-2000 people on so you can play, there is ranked system too. There is a story mode , it's pretty good actually better than the original.

You can play modded too,it has online too but it's kinda dead 0-20 people online,it's good if you want to play with friends but instead i wouldn't recommend it, the modded expansion is called WoG** (it requires complete edition too). 1 mod I really liked was the 3rd upgrade mod but you can add anything from heroes to towns to buildings and creatures you just need to find the mods. This expansion has a story too but it was glitched in the game so you need to download it from other sources like discord. And it has an interesting menu where you can create things for the game I'm not sure but I think that's where you can create your own mods.

If you don't want to play any of these expansions and you just want to enjoy the original game you can download GameRanger and use that to play online with friends or with strangers.

So for a better experience with heroes 3 download the complete edition, if you want to have a classic experience like the original game download HotA and if you want to choose how to play the game download WoG


*Horn of the Abyss
HotA discord https://discord.gg/TyrkhY6
**In the Wake of Gods
WoG discord https://discord.com/invite/CxPaNrq
 

Revo
106 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
82.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 7, 2021
Blast of turn-based strategy from the past, now in HD

HoMM3 was one of my favorite games as a kid, and it remains one of the few franchises that I still own everything physically.

When an HD version was announced for Steam, I was both curious and suspicious (suscurious if you will), and surely, they messed up at least one important aspect:

This version does not have the expansions, namely Armageddon's Blade and The Shadow of Death that introduced new faction, creatures, artifacts, and of course several new campaigns and level editor features (including the popular random map generator). The reason has been stated as the publisher "losing the data files". Maybe that's true; either way, it's disappointing to say the least.

In almost* all respects, the GoG version of HoMM3 Complete[www.gog.com] is superior to this version, although you need to add the HD mod separately.

Gameplay re-cap for the new gens

Turn-based strategy franchise, in HoMM you run a kingdom, and at its core are towns and heroes. Towns are upgraded by constructing new buildings and upgrading the old ones, ultimately to hire better troops. Troops are given to heroes that level up and get better and more powerful when fighting and old-school-DnD-style by converting treasures into sweet XP.

Combat is also turn-based, borrowing its implementation from King's Bounty franchise; troops act as stacks, attacking and counter-attacking in turn, moving in the order of the speediest creature first. The hero helps by adding their stats and skills into the mix and by casting a bunch of helpful spells. Good use of spells can totally turn the tide of battle.

Scenarios are typically won by beating the other side(s) completely, though winning conditions may vary with scenario, particularly in the campaigns.

HoMM3 was the culmination of the franchise development, up until 5th game: it had better, more realistic graphics (instead of cartoony like the first two), adding upgrades to all dwelling creatures and upping the number of factions and campaigns. HoMM4 tried its own thing with hero-less armies and individualized heroes that can also fight and die regardless of their army, and HoMM5 upped the stakes again similarly to HoMM3. The 5th remains the best game in the franchise in my opinion, even if I nostalgize the heck out of the 3rd. (Some day I will try out M&M: Heroes VI and VII and see what they did)

Almost*: What's better?

HD Edition does have couple of tricks versus the otherwise superior GoG version.

Steam achievements: There's an achievement for beating all campaigns. The rest of it is just meaningless grind: beating any scenarios at each difficulty level ten times. As I'd rather play the GoG version for that, I just made a dummy map using the still fine level editor and grinded those through in mere minutes.

Steam and multiplayer:: In principle you can use Steam to organize MP games. Alas, the MP is dead, aside from planned games.

It's HD: Duh. Also, you can see the difference to the original by pressing F2. I swear it used to look better in SD than it does now; golden memories, amirite?

Hotseat MP works just as before but there's little reason to play on Steam when GoG version is superior. Hotseat is some of the most fun I've had gaming with friends and siblings, but sadly it often takes aeons to complete.

Technical stuff

Game works fine both in windowed and fullscreen modes. Many of the game features can be adjusted, from sound and music volume to combat speed to player and AI movement speed. You can even automatize combat, though I dislike the results as the AI tends to be just wasteful with both troops and mana (although you can forbid it to use magic).

Having double monitors, I noticed that the game freezes when mouse is off on the other monitor (unfreezing when you return), and it's not locked in to the screen. Minor thing for me (I liked that I could still scroll Discord on the other monitor though) but it's something to acknowledge, and it minimizes the game if you click the focus away.

Conclusions

I wholly recommend Heroes of Might and Magic 3. However, I'd recommend purchasing the GoG complete version instead and upping that with the fan-made HD mod.

Still, I recommend this version for anyone who wants to boast having played through the campaigns and getting the Steam achievements to show for it. For me, this took a whopping 82 hours (with few hours of idle afking included). I wish that the expansions some day make it to Steam but I do not have my hopes up.

~Twistorian Curator~
 

Twistor
11,467 products in account
6
168 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
249.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
I am very dissapointed. H3 had 2 stable, playable versions, SOD and AB, please have them on HD as well. Multiplayer not working, no random map generator. If you do not make these changes, I am not able to recommend this game to anyone, I feel like my money is wasted.
 

NecroPaly
3 products in account
1
48 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2017
BUY FROM GOG INSTALL HD MODS< THIS GAME IS INCOMPATIBILE WITH ANY ORIGINAL ADD-ON OR MODS!!!

H3 is one of best games ever - I know.

But it is sad joke as ubisoft is. No add-ons in version that came out over 15 years later.

BUY FROM GOG INSTALL HD MODS< THIS GAME IS INCOMPATIBILE WITH ANY ORIGINAL ADD-ON OR MODS!!!
 

jomonger
133 products in account
2
66 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2020
Disappointment. It is only Restoration of Erathia and nothing more - that means no Conflux castle and no monsters, spells, artefacts from Armagedons Blade. And also THERE IS NO MAP GENERATOR !! And the Internet Lobby is empty like schools in the middle of corona crysis.
 

k-dave
46 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2019
HD edition lacks the DLC that added so much more content and improved the game. The HD edition lacking the DLC and being more expensive than the complete edition makes it not worth it, buy from GOG instead.
 

Heavenlykill
215 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2020
Does not include the expansion, which is unacceptable.
 

Jiven
1,865 products in account
0
76 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2020
buy it original one from gog and add hd mod. this is waste of money
 

Iron Wolf
117 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2020
Needs a random map generator and upgrade to armaggedon, shadow of death
 

riontt
16 products in account
2
87 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2019
No random map this is a complete rip off please avoid
 

∞♥④♕►™
4 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2016
Stay away, no expansions, ONLY base game.

Just go to GoG and buy H3 complete edition with HD patch, a lot better!

This is just a poor attempt.

 

Goat
584 products in account
1
90 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2020
No expansions. Sad
 

jmelahman
547 products in account
0
236 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
It's a 16 years old game and they did not even make the effort of trying to remake the expansions with it. The expansion came with the random map generator which was the most useful feature of the editor allowing countless and countless different maps in a minute of setup.
 

Scrub
215 products in account
2
55 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2020
It is very difficult to recommend this version of Heroes 3 when the complete edition on GoG has more content and if you want to improve the graphics there is the HoMM3 HD mod by Alexander Barinov

And in my opinion the slightly improved graphics aren't close to being worth the loss of the content in the missing expansions
 

joiss90
209 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2016
Without the expansions, I'm afraid this game doesn't hold up. Yes of all the HoMM games, 3 was by far the best. But it wasn't until Armageddon's Blade was released and the random map generator was introduced that the game became what everyone remembers it to be. Until we see the expanions, and it pains me to say this, I cannot recommend this version of HoMM3.
 

Jaeger
402 products in account
0
198 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
I spent $15 knowing this was a partial HD remake, but nostalgia overwhelmed me! I was hoping for a functional multiplayer steam function at the least. Alas, its worse than tcp/ip from the original title.
 

xXBlashyrkhXx
93 products in account
0
820 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Does not come with Shadow of Death or Armaggedons blade expansion packs.

It would be like if blizzard made a HD verision of Warcraft 3, but only for Reign of Chaos.

If you think graphics > gameplay, then you should probably chose this, but it lacks alot of maps, artifacts, units and ofcourse the Conflux town.
 

total retard
132 products in account
10
66 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
172.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2018
Horrible reskinning of the sprites in the game. Complete oversight to not include the expansion packs and the Conflux town. Get the game on GOG for 5$ less with all the aforementioned content included. Seriously a waste of money if you buy this.
 

Tehmidge
53 products in account
1
37 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
94.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2018
Update 5/3/2022 This Game No longer launches on my computer. I was going to play for just a little to see if they maybe updated to fix some of the fatal flaws... but its gotten worse... lmao back to the originnal!


NO RANDOM MAP GENERATOR? ARE YOU SERIOUS? lmfao spend alot of time in this game. So fannoying though. Bored with the game now beat all scenarios. beat campaign. tandom map generator was my FAVORITE part of this game. Give us random map generator (which has already been created in original game) and I will recommend. Love this game. But dont waste your money on their lazy job.
 

SaltSouls3
137 products in account
5
177 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
Pros:

-Still old good HoMM
-Improved textures

Cons:

-PRICE
-Lack of expansions packs like AB or SoD
-Will not work with any major mods like WoG

Now to add few thing first I had a problem with Error code 2 which can be easily fixed by removing HoMM3.exe from virus list (in Avast)then unistalling the game, switching firewall off and reinstalling the game again.

Second thing is price which is riddiculous for just base game with no expansion packs. If you dont care about improved graphics then just buy HoMM3 Complete from for example GOG.com. Your choice.

Third. Game has quite high requirements( it's not a problem but still very unusual)

In conclusion it's still good old HoMM with extra bit of better textures(i think difference is quite visible) but the price and problems with starting the game and lack of support for old mods might keep away hard fans of the series
 

paul0011
145 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
441.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Heroes of Might and Magic 3 has always been a favourite strategy game for me.
Join heroes from Castle to Inferno to Fortress and fight Black Dragons, Titans, Archangels, Archdevils
and claim victory over your enemies.

And here´s the bad news: The game does not fully support 1920x1080 resolution on fullscreen,
and I can only see a portion of the game. The game is lagging a bit. and the mouse cursor is sloggish. Hopefully this will get fixed in the future - if not, then I suggest you pick up a cheap copy of the game on www.gog.com, rather than on Steam.
 

Darkblitzie
72 products in account
15
46 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2019
Several bugs in solo, and don't have simultaneous turn in coop. SimTurn exists in the extension Horn of Abyss (the 1999 version), and not in the 2015 remake. "We created an easier way to play online" they said ...

This is a outrageous HD remake.
 

Jimley
37 products in account
0
47 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
Been playing HOMM 3 on and off for 15 years now, still love it, even though it's a dated game, the core mechanics of it still gets me excited to this day. I mean, who wouldnt? Adventurous graphics, the amazing music composition is still better than most games I've ever played, it just gives the game more depth, it gives every scene - terrain, base and combat their own distinct feel to it. The GUI is very well made, especially compared to other games from its time period.

But this HD edition just comes a bit short in my opinion, without the expansions this game just feels incomplete, the only reason I bought it is because it was on sale and I havent played all the way through the original campaign and I thought it could be fun to experience it in HD. And hopefully (call me naive) if enough people buy the game, they will finish what they started. Even though I wouldnt count on it, after all, it is Ubisoft that now owns this franchise, sadly.

I see a lot of people complaining about no random map generator, the first thing that annyoed me was the simpler things like if you upgrade a dwelling in your base, you cant buy the non-upgraded creature from said dwelling anymore. This is because this was a feature first implemented in one of the the expansions. Not to mention that Conflux base is missing, and every custom game map from the expansions, which, I guess only makes the fact that no random map generator is present even more frustrating for people.

In conclusion: Pick it up on sale if you want it, it's not worth the full pricetag. Otherwise just get HOMM3 Complete on gog.com, the graphics really does not feel that much greater to be honest. So I guess its a thumbs down on this remake - which I absolutley love...
 

HackTar
344 products in account
2
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 6
Go to any other game store, buy Heroes III Complete, install HoMM 3 HD Mod(free) and enjoy premium, hard-polished and regularly updating game, in which you'll spend many magic moments of really enjoyable gameplay.
But if you want raw, unpatched, "let's apply some image filters on old textures and make fans pay double for it" game - be my guest, buy this one.
 

Johann Weiss
246 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2016
Crashes a lot and doesn't have Shadow of Death or Armaggedon's Blade.
I recommend you wait for those 2 to be added, otherwise just get the complete Edition. HD looks pretty okay but Heroes 3 normal lacks a lot of easy controls and features.

Trust me, I played like 3000 hours at least on the old Heroes 3.

Less crashes recently, almost none at all.
 

Cioby
663 products in account
6
37 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2021
Don't buy this HD edition, go for GoG complete edition or something else.
Ubisoft lost the source code to the expansions, etc.
 

Chillu
140 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2019
purchased before reading, this version does not include the expansion packs in the complete edition, soo let down, put in for refund to get the complete edition on GOG for the same price
 

Dran_Draecolan
416 products in account
0
55 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2021
great game, but really really sucks that the DLC isnt on Steam
 

Rosrix
115 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
Today I learned that apparently an HD mod exists for the full version, which makes this edition completely redundant and overpriced.
 

Ageostrophy
833 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 5

Recommended
5.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2021
I had to re-edit this after playing the version on GOG. Even though this version does not include the DLC‘s the graphical upgrade compared to the version on GOG is worth it. Trying to play the game with the un-updated graphics was not a nice experience compared to what you get here. You still get the map editor and to be honest the DLC‘s did not add much to the game.
If you really need the DLC‘s then get it on GOG but if you would like a better visual experience get it here.
 

POISONOUS-_OXIDE
15 products in account
0
70 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2017
Just buy complete edition from GoG website, it's way cheaper and it contains both expansions! Steam version will never have Armageddons Blade and The Shadow of Death since ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ haven't gotten code for original games from 3DO
 

Pretender
1,301 products in account
3
67 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2015
its just horrible. I want the hole game and random maps. go to Gog.com and buy the complete game instead. Do not buy this crap.
 

Gaia [SWE]
920 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2017
First of all lets all agree that this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amazing and i have way more hours than my steam profile says. However DONT BUY THIS VERSION. Go on the internet and buy the version on GOG. It is the same price but includes all the expansion packs that this one doesn't have.

TL;DR Good game bad version
 

The Big Thicc
177 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
83.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2015
This was, and is still a great game however I cannot reccomend it here. I bought it without knowing that the game is very very incomplete.

REASONS TO NOT BUY:

1-It's not the full game. no random map generator and no expansions.
2-Glitchy, this might be me but it's probably not.
3-Did I mention the part where you pay full price for an incomplete game?

If they bring out the rest of the game (the random map generatior is HUGE) then by all means its very fun and worth getting but before that don't waste your money.
 

Brice
133 products in account
0
127 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
I do not recommend this game. The game looks nice, but the performance isn't as good as in the original one. It feels clumsy and it looks like there has been some parts of the animations removed. I especially enjoy the performance and the polishing in older games like this, but in this version i do not get the satisfaction of everything working perfectly. And also the fact that this doesn't have the expansions is a big minus. Sure, i knew it already when i was buying this game that there is only going to be the original game. But still it feels stupid that they did not include the expansions. I have always played this game with the expansions and now when playing without them, it feels like there are a lot of content missing. And what disgusts me, is the idea of the expansions coming later as dlc.

I really wanted to like this because i have enjoyed so many hours playing the original one. But in a game like this, i don't feel that the most important thing is the good looking hd graphics. For me it is the game itself and how the game performs. In this state of the game i will continue playing my old copy and feeling sad that i wasted 15 euros for this.
 

Alabasteripakara
209 products in account
2
28 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2018
As much as I loved the orginal HoMM III series I cannot give a positive review unless both expansions and perhaps WoG are included.
 

Wernx
898 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2019
Worst remaster of the best game
Is it really so difficult to release the map editor and all the add-ons that came out for the game?
A cropped game even without a map editor is not even funny.
 

BlackCat
3,088 products in account
3
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2021
Missing content and random map generator.
 

Sagil
222 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 10, 2019
Very disappointed to find this is the base game only. The graphic upgrade is not worth the loss of the expansions by themselves, let alone the other features not included.

Fail.
 

Pr1me
19 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2018
Buy HoMM 3 Complete Edition on GoG, download and install HoMM 3 HD mod and Horn of the Abyss expansion set, and you get WAY much more worth for your money than this. This is actually nothing more than a texture replacement and bugfix patch in HD resolution for Restoration of Erathia, not even having Steam Workshop support. This was great in 1999, but you can only laugh on it in 2018 for 15 Euros. Only buy it here if it is on sale just like I did - for full price abandon this and go to GoG for purchasing Complete Edition.
 

Gothpaladinus
78 products in account
0
639 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Product refunded

I was so excited to see a game I spent so many hours playing as a kid. I cant remember the last time I was let down this much.

I purchased this thinking it was the Heroes of Might and Magic III I knew and loved, I was wrong. No random map generator, no LAN play, and we're missing a faction.

This was a great game, but apparently in the process of making it HD, they removed everything that made it fun.
 

SpoonThousand
447 products in account
11
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 7
I recommend the game... I don't recommend this version off Steam.

GOG.com has the complete version of HOMM3 available for less money.
 

Sucky McNewb
70 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2015
I'll start by saying I'm a huge fan of the series. I own every HoMM and every expansion and DLC 1-7.

That being said, I do not recommend the HD version of the game. My wife bought 2 copies so we could play together. Without a LAN feature (which was removed for this version) we were forced to play using the steam online mode, and after disconnecting a few seconds ino the game several times, even after forwarding all relevant ports, we swapped back to the Heroes 3 Complete from gog.com ($10 and includes all the expansion with no DRM).

The HD graphics upgrades are nice, and are undeniably better then the original graphics, however, the new set of problems (crashes) and lack of several features present in the cheaper non-HD version do not allow me to give a pass for this game.

If Ubisoft releases the expansions in HD, or heck, even just fixes the disconnecting issues then I may be able to change my recommendation.

I do appreciate the effort to modernize such a great classic as Heroes of Might and Magic 3, it truly is a masterpiece of a game. Playing through the single player campaign in updated HD will surely be a treat when I get around to it, but don't expect the multiplayer feature to work well in this mode. At least not as of this writing. The hotseat feature still worked fine, however.
 

Error3
117 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2015
No randon map.
No conflux.
We can't edit the maps that came with HOMM III HD Edition.
More expensive.

The only pro of this game is that is "HOMM III easily network match", I mean, it is HOMM III with a steam network.

Sadly, this version is very poor.

I hope in future they release expansion or ddl pakcs.
 

Drakon Früjig Gronâk
85 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 20
The main disadvantage - It's The Restoration of Erathia.
So:
* No map generator.....
* No Conflux
* Less types of dragons(Were added in Armagedon's blade)
* Less types of neutral creatures.

Looks nice(not awesome, but nice), but it's only old base game. It's better to remake Full edition.
 

バロンフォンラーテル
1,109 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2021
Cant really like it , since the dlcs are missing :(
 

codeforges
281 products in account
0
219 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
Why is the multiplayer unplayable? Only reason I bought this game was to play with friends online. So sad when a company fks you so hard.
 

Ptk
196 products in account
3
24 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
71.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2021
use the GOG COMPLETE version with HD mod.
 

TrickySmalls
85 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2020
please release the complete version with random maps and expansions
 

lasnochesnel
168 products in account
0
72 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
84.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2016
Very few scenarios. Nothing new. Shadow of Death and Armageddon's Blade is not there. Nobody plays online.
 

Napoleon_the_loser
12 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2021
Great game but was super disappointed that it’s only the first part. Missing Armageddon’s Blade and Shadow of Death =(
 

rybka_004
101 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2020
Not much love went into this... why not include the expensions? the custom mods does a better job then Ubisoft...
 

•ScHoW •
37 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
342.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 3
I really like HMM3. 350 hours here. Maybe 1.5k if you include the CD and GOG versions.

That said, I have to thumbs down the Steam version. Why? I paid more money for less game. Vendors don't inform consumers about those types of business decisions.

Get the GOG version.
 

Gregorino
573 products in account
0
192 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
Don´t get fooled by this So called HD Edition. It is the same with less content and more bugs then the old one. No extra settings, no extra maps, NO EXPANSIONS. Just a big pile of NOT INCLUDED, NOT IMPROVED. You could just as well play the old one. The upscaled resolutions looks bad and destroys more then it helps.

Ubisoft! Have you heard of the word EFFORT? Cuz in this piece of crap ReRelease there is NONE what so ever...
And yes, it is true, this version contains more bugs the the old one.
 

youno
119 products in account
0
77 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 11, 2015
I am a Heroes 3 fanboy but I cannot recommend this. The GoG version is better, it has everything this one has plus more content at a lower price. The "HD" upgrade doesn't do anything for the game. One of the greatest games ever made, but steer clear of the steam version - invest in the GoG version.
 

Zoneseek
3,912 products in account
0
76 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
149.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2019
You have got to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me right now UBISOFT! No random map generator? Are you serous right here? Also no expansions!
 

uF. SuperGeneral
408 products in account
4
25 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
89.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2020
Im 35 now, i used to play this as a kid. This is very much what got me hooked in to magic and fantasy gaming. Learning about mythical creatures and all. So glad it is now in HD, Play this if you got few hours to spare,
 

kujoo
4 products in account
1
49 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2018
No map generator nor good expansions
 

Sithel
60 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
213.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2020
No random map generator
 

WaSianz
81 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
120.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2020
i really like it, although i wish it had random map generator and better online multiplayer platform
 

Woker21
37 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2018
Just buy Complete on GOG and download the HD mod if you want HD graphics and widescreen. Looks better, it's free, and not just RoE.
 

Jack Jack Attack
378 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
I simply love how after they failed to inform people that It is only Restoration of Erathia and therefore people pre ordered like crazy; they suddenly put it up in game description like it has been there always. I was among one of those many people that preordered and I was deeply sorry and frustrated to see that I wasted my hard earned money. Complete waste of money, still after several updates there are significant frame drops. Game in my opinion is totally unworth even thinking of buying here on steam since U are missing key HOMM3 expansions. Save yourself the hassle and money.
 

Miszczunio
80 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2021
When I was a kid I used to watch my dad play this, when I was good I was also allowed to play. It's just as fun as I remember. I love the characters, the monsters and the worlds. I'm not sure new players will enjoy it but I love it.
I'm a BIG fan of turn based strategy games like this.
 

Ree
72 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
126.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2018
The game is still as good as the first day, although it came out in 1999. Most HoMM3 players on Steam have known the game for almost 20 years, so there's no need for any particular explanation of the game, but nevertheless...

For those who don’t know it: The Might and Magic world is 30 years old and the story expanded over years. In the 80s, it started with the role-playing game Might and Magic (now 10 parts) and in 1995 the turn-based game Heroes of Might and Magic (HoMM) was released (now 7 parts). The quality within the game series varies greatly. I think the most popular game is HoMM 3, followed by HoMM 5 and 4. The worst for me is HoMM 7, so much wasted potential. Thank you Ubisoft...

The game offers you a choice between single scenario, multiplayer, campaign or tutorial.
In the game, you move your hero by clicking on the map, revealing hidden parts of the environment. After the first and more steps you meet creatures blocking streets to resources, cities, buildings or artifacts. As soon as you have used up the hero's movement points and done everything necessary, you end your turn. Now the opponents or allies have their turn. Over time, you build your cities to recruit more powerful creatures.

In combat you have the whole battlefield in view. There are melee combat, ranged combat, and sorcery possible, consider the type of ground you are fighting on. Very important: The higher the attributes of your hero, the stronger are your creatures and sorcery.

Examples of mission goals: Take care of all enemy cities and heroes, kill a certain monster group, transport an artifact to its destination, or find the Grail first.

Conclusion: Anyone who likes high-fantasy and turn-based games will not be disappointed. You're just getting addicted to collect treasures, artifacts, leveling your heroes and upgrade cities or creatures. Cities, Heroes and creatures are really fine in HD. There are more details because of sharper graphics.
One negative point: Maybe 15 € is too expensive, but you can wait until midweek madness or sale to get it for 5,07 €!


About bad reviews on Steam:

I understand the disappointment of other people and I miss the add-ons, too. The source code of the add-ons disappeared, that was the problem. However, it was announced from beginning, only the base game HoMM 3: Restoration of Erathia would be released in HD. In my opinion you only have to review this game. It is the same good old game with better graphics and still awesome. So thumbs up, please :)


Edited on 02 January 2020:

There is a low-priced complete edition on GOG. You can get fan-mods on the internet (HD and unofficial add-on), too. I'm sure everyone knows this, but I mention it.

Nice to know: They also adapted textures to the higher resolutions in Heroes 3 HD. That's why especially monsters and buildings (inside cities, too) are more detailed than in the original version and fan-mod.
 

Pelmenov
27 products in account
2
33 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
126.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2018
This game just feels like a ripoff. Lets compare Heroes of Might & Magic 3: Complete edition with Heroes of Might & Magic 3 HD

Heroes of Might & Magic 3: Complete - Base game along with the two dlc, a ninth town, 12 campaigns, several more artefacts and neutral creatures and the random map generator.
Price - 10 dollars on GOG

Heroes of Might & Magic 3 HD - Just the base game but every sprite is sharpened and airbrushed.
Price - 15 dollars on Steam
 

Azovaz
30 products in account
4
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 28
Why would they release only the original game and no the very awesome expansions.

Had I known this, I would of never pulled the trigger.
 

DJ Malsidious
103 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2019
Fan's of this game, don't buy this addition, you are missing all the great content of the complete addition. Purchase on elsewhere on the internet.
 

Nagash
35 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2021
wtf were they thinking remastering it as an INCOMPLETE version? .. ♥♥♥♥ out of here .. smh
 

DriftCube
78 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2018
Pros: Looks cleaner and overall better, while giving you a selection of achievements to collect (If you're that kind of completionist).

Cons: Does not even offer a 4th of what the complete version of the game contains, and at twice the asking price.

If you want to get a nostalgia fix or try out a fantastic game, then go to GOG and get the complete edition instead.
 

$ilvio
157 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2020
Product refunded

Do not buy this version. I'll let everyone make their own assumptions after this short review without pointing fingers to who does what (hint/hint).

I instantly got interested in this version hoping that somewhat refreshed visuals might make an old gem look more visually polished. I was wrong. The difference is almost unnoticable and due to the downside of having only Restoration of Erathia instead of full package of 2 expansions with additional castle, items and limitless map generator, this purchase is not worth even 1/3rd of the price of full game on good old games site - http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition which costs twice less by default.

DO not buy Steam version. Save Your money and conscience, get GOG version. A few pixels more, no achievements, but whole package.

As this is only 3rd of the full game which has nothing new in that third, it cannot have score of more than just a 3rd of a game.

3/10
 

𝓢𝓾𝓹𝓻𝓮𝓶𝓮
149 products in account
0
120 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Heroes 3 Complete with Unofficial HD Mod (https://sites.google.com/site/heroes3hd/) looks, surprisingly better on large screens, because how the resolution changes with the mod, it looks crisp and clear with the mod. But this HD Edition looks like they smoothed everything with 16x AA.

The Unofficial HD Mod fixes many gameplay problems with the original game, including the mouse lag, which is not fixed on this Steam HD Edition.

This is the most barebone Heroes 3 experience you get, with a new paintjob. I can't recommend this.
Multiplayer doesn't work, the mouse lag, no random map generator. Really just get the Complete version from gog.com. Cheaper, more content and with Unofficial HD Mod much better than this disrespectful release.
 

Jupe
606 products in account
1
34 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
686.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2019
Whiles Heroes of Might & Magic III is remains one of the best games of its entire genre, there is some substantial gripe I have with this "remaster".

The lack of expansions for such an old game is simply an unimaginably bad decision. I'll rather play a widescreen modded GOG version of the original game, because this version is literally lacking compared to "the real deal".

To add insult to injury, even the random map generator was removed here, forcing player to mod it in with third party solutions.

The best words I can use to describe this "remaster" are: Infuriatingly sloppy.

Definitely play this game, it being one of the most amazing things of times long past and still absolutely fun today, but do yourself a favour and play the GOG version. As is, I can not even recommend this version to diehard fans.
 

Sarkoth
2,215 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2020
This is a huuuge ripoff, 15 € for the base game without any expansions is a lot, yeah it has HD graphics but it shouldn't mean +10ish Euros, buy it on Uplay or GOG, its full game and if you need upgraded graphics then download the HD mod
 

Sufferion
55 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2016
This version is very bad. A lot of features are lacking and you can't auto generate maps in Skirmish. Buy instead the original Heroes Complete which is cheaper and better. There's also a free HD-mod for the original version
 

NWA
168 products in account
2
39 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
256.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2021
Product received for free

The original HoMM III - is a masterpiece.
The mods that are out there, made by the community - are very-very decent (HotA for eg) adding more to the masterpiece.

This "HD" piece of trash - is a piece of trash. They just painted it over, with no scaling (check out pikemen/halberdiers vs marksmen on a battle field). They've even taken the version with a bunch of bugs in it and not the last version of HoMM III. So......
 

Ded__Banzai
120 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
136.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 11, 2019
Not in any way worth the price, not everything's HD and the expansions are not included
 

The Toad Sage
87 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
38.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2021
Just get the GOG version. This version lacks all the expansions and is just not worth it, if you can get the complete version + HD-Mod for 10 % of the price.
 

Gorgon-Zola
191 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2020
No dlc. It could be a great thing for the community if ubisoft would have published redrawn sprites.
 

Phasco
155 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2020
it's obviously a great game, but not being able to play conflux on the steam version is pretty weak.
 

hesh
254 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2017
Rubbish, don't buy it here. Get it on gog.com and download a HD texture mod instead.
 

Zer Leoxiphos
127 products in account
3
32 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 14, 2017
Includes no add-ons or mod support. Get it on GoG instead.
 

Nero
61 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
355.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2019
This version of the game has been out for more than 4 years now and they still don't have a single DLC available for it, why can't steam get even a single DLC? not worth the price if they never intend to get the rest of the game
 

Akey85
106 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
67.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 17, 2018
Rather play Heroes 3 Complete with Horn of the Abyss and HD mod.

http://sbgames.su/en/hd-mod-add-on-for-heroes-3-hom-m-iii/
http://heroescommunity.com/viewthread.php3?TID=39830
 

Nylky
395 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
16.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2021
I am a Heroes fan since childhood, and this remaster is a disrespectful garbage. As others usually state: Grab the original from <different DRM free seller> download the free HD mod and enjoy the good old game you remember (Heroes 3 complete, that version includes the 2 official expansion packs).

The main issue:
No expansions. You heard it, this is just the Restoration of Erathia, the original game. This doesn't mean just less content, but this means, no hotkeys, no QoL, no bugfixes, no balance fixes. (but also no AB and conflux, no SoD)

Since this is just the base game, this means, no mods, or custom content. No maps, no heroes chronicles, no HotA, no WoG.

Also, somehow it is uglier than the HD mod version which just upscales the textures, while Ub*soft actually did a redraw with the assets....

If you buy, you get a defiled corpse of a great game. (and the ugly new might & magic logo from Ub*soft)
 

Fankin
280 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2019
This is a terrible release and a joy-killer when you realize you paid full price for half a game. if you want the nostalgia, buy the game from GoG store, not here.

this version doesn't even have the Conflux ffs.
 

Mormegil
152 products in account
3
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2021
A true classic which aged quite well

i've played this countless hours back in the day, it was one of my first games on PC (yeah I was a console boy for a long time due to being poor).
There was no internet back then (well there was but it wasn't anything like it is now, it was crazy expensive (like ¼ of monthly income) and there was much less content) so I didn't have any guides or help playing this. I remember I was stuck at one mission for weeks and then I uninstalled it. But I probably played ~200h.

There are huge maps to explore and assemble your armies. Each mission provides different map, from smaller ones and more simple ones with easier goals to huge ones where brutal enemies attack you and you start over and think how can you change your tactics and resource management.

Speaking about resource management it's a very important part of the game. Resources are very limited and you need to them to upgrade your buildings which let you recruit your army. The higher level the building the better units it provides for you.

The are factions and each faction has its own units. Some factions could have great low-tier units so they're strong in the beginning of the game and could give you a nice start. Others might have stronger high-tier units which obliterate everything. You need to carefully manage your army since you can take limited amount of units to your battles and exploration of the map. You can be met by the enemy any time so you need to be prepared. You need to know the enemy and which units he most likely will have and take that into account when forming your armies. Units have their strengths and weaknesses so you need to exploit them.

Combat is turn based where you move on the grid. Each unit can move a certain number of distance each turn or attack. There are slow units, fast units, flying units and stationary units, so again, I can't stress this enough – plan everything, always be prepared for the worst and have a backup plan.
You also have heroes and they serve as commanders. They can equip items and spells which give buffs for your units or spells for your hero.
In short the gameplay is all about capturing cities as quickly as possible and not letting enemy any time to become stronger than you and breathe on your neck all the time because each time your army is defeated it becomes more likely you wont have enough time to recover. It's a very challenging yet rewarding game.

Graphically it's not a gem by today's standards obviously. But who can judge such an old game? In my opinion it looks damn cool considering its age. And the most surprising thing it has ultrawide support. Probably by accident.

This is definitely one of the most potato friendly games so doesn't matter what you have it will run fine.

Sounds is nothing special. Music is pretty nice but all other sounds are meh. Again it's an old game but I think sounds could've been better even at that time. But that's only a very minor downside which doesn't affect anything.

A wonderful strategy game, a true classic every strategy fan should play.

Pros
Good variety of factions
Great variety of units with different playstyles
Good turn based combat
Makes you think and plan ahead
Huge maps
Still looks quite good
Cons
Sometimes AI is too brutal

Follow my curator page for more
 

Kosmozuikis
2,509 products in account
2
30 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2017
One would tought that HD remake of a game this old would contain all the expansions, all the DLC content, sounds like a no-brainer, why wouldn't it? But for some inexplicable reason it doesn't !!!
 

Erestra
342 products in account
1
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
29.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2017
Only buy for the single player campaign, as the removal of the random map generator completely ruins the multiplayer experience. Im not even sure why this is being sold as it, its a game with its spine torn out.
 

Jin Maq
144 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2019
Without the random map generator and the great expansion packs, they've easily nuked more than half the re-playability of this game. I'm not sure what the point was in removing that content, unless it was to sell it separately at a later date. A shame, really, as this game has soaked up several hundred hours of my childhood; and I was really hoping to revisit it.
 

The Iron Hand
82 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2017
Pros:

- The graphical update is really good overall. Most of the original sprites were faithfully redrawn and apart from a few missteps (some towns look like cheap 3D models on the adventure map, a few unit card backgrounds look like they were merely touched up with an upscale filter).

- You can swtich between the updated and the original look.

- The game itself is H3 Restoration of Erathia in its fully original form as it was released back in 1999... nostalgia!

- There is an HDE mod which introduces some features from the expansions: you can revisit structures without moving your hero by pressing Space, if you also own the original H3 Complete you have access to the random map generator and expansion scenarios can be converted from the original game too.

- Steam multiplayer functionality.

Cons:

- The game itself is H3 Restoration of Erathia in its fully original form as it was released back in 1999... and that means that you don't get the content from the two expansions (Armageddons Blade, The Shadow of Death) and Heroes Chronicles, the 8 episode campaign expansion. Overall you lose a lot of stuff compared to H3 Complete (around 70 campaign missions, countless scenarios, a lot of heroes and artfiacts), a game you can pick up for 10 bucks on GOG.

- The sounds and the soundtrack were not remastered.

- The pre-rendered cutscenes have a noticably lower quality than what you see in the original game.

- The user interface of the original game was not improved in any shape or form. This is a letdown as the UI is fairly archaic compared to modern standards and you have access to a mod called HoMM3 HD for H3 Complete that not only adds widescreen functionality with XBRZ image scaling (nice, sharp image quality) but also expands the original UI a lot. Compared to H3 Complete with the HoMM3 HD mod installed the game is a chore to play sometimes because of this.

- No extra content. This may seem like a weird one to appear among the negatives but it would have been nice to get something that is exclusive to the HD Edition, a new campaign for example.

Overall this is a serviceable remaster that loses most of its appeal because of the missing content, the lackluster UI and the fact that the original version has a large community that spent almost two decades of improving and expanding an already fantastic game. If you really like the new graphics or you desperately want to play multiplayer through Steam then pick it up but under any other circumstance just steer clear of this release.
 

Zaxx
544 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2016
This version is horrible. Can we atleast get random maps?

Edit: Seriously, get the complete version from somewhere else with half the price of this one. Maybe it's just me but I didn't even notice the 'HD' experience. This one is missing one castle, random map generator (with this version you're stuck with playing the same map over and over again. You can predict enemies moves by playing the same map every time. Also you can't pick how big of a map you want with how many enemies) and of course, it's missing scenarios as well.

Hopefully they will change this version to full one day so I can play the ♥♥♥♥ out of it.
 

Manni
160 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2016
This does NOT include Armagedon's Blade and Shadow of Death - meaning no random map generation - no artifact sets and nothing from those 2 expansions. It's ONLY The Restoration of Erathia!

Not worth buying, unless you're planning on doing campaigns and certain pre-made missions.
The other reviews state pretty much the same - FOR A REASON.

I just requested refunds on my and my friend's gifts.
 

Nikimoney
54 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2018
I got Heroes 3 as a christmas present way back in 1999 and now after 19 years i still play it. so you can guess my excitement when i saw a HD edition on steam. But none of the DLC has been included and the random map generator (yes i know it is part of the DLC) is not included.
This is a lazy cashgrab release and is not worth a single cent. Stick with the old game with the HD patch!
 

Urdar
175 products in account
0
69 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
74.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2015
The game is not what I thought it would be. Biggest issue? Just like everyone else has mentioned there is no random map generator. Very disapointed. If I could return this and get my money back I would. But ya know.... Ubisoft.... GG.
 

Fecal Tornado
798 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2021
Absolute trash. After having to go online to find a way to get it to run with Windows 10 (which Ubisoft is aware of but conveniently doesn't say anything on the storefront), I find out that 90% of the original game has been stripped out. Nearly all scenarios, expansion campaigns, random map generator and lord knows what else is missing.

If you want this game in HD, just buy it from GOG.com and download an HD mod. Honestly, this version isn't worth it for free, let alone $20.
 

Proteus
12 products in account
4
32 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
I'll give it my recommendation in the sense that Heroes of Might and Magic III is close to a perfect video game. Imaginative, memorable, interesting, unique and addicting. It's a game everyone should try.

However, the HD Edition is one of the worst ways to play this game. I would highly recommend you check out the Complete Edition on GOG. If needed, you can apply an HD mod to that.

The HD doesn't look particularly special in this edition and for whatever reason, they failed to include the expansions to the game. For a game over 15 years old, you'd think they'd throw that stuff in there. This means no Conflux, no expansion campaigns or scenarios and, worst of all, no random map generator
 

Vkmies The Unpronounceable
763 products in account
0
114 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
230.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2015
Everytime i try to launch game "the program has encountered undefined behavior, see the logs for more details". I check the logs they are empty, i've tried everything but still having this issue. If you want this game go to:

http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition

it's cheaper, has dlc, mouse fps lag is fixed. so there is no point for you to waste ur money on steam like i did

edit: 5.9.2015 the game seems to be fixed and working now.
 

mAik
33 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2016
- No expansions
- Buggy as ♥♥♥♥
- Poorly drawn sprites(seriously who thought it was a good idea to redraw 3d models?)
- More expensive then the gog version with less content
- False advertising on ubishafts part
- No steam workshop support(Which was the main reason I would get this game)
- No extra content
- No random map generator
- Less scenarios
- No multiplayer

+ No uplay

0/10 would not recommend. Ubisoft has turned my favourite game series into a dead corpse. Thanks guys. Thanks a lot.

I am calling for a boycott on Ubisoft's products until they can redeem themselves.
 

FelineBiologist
347 products in account
1
24 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
37.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2020
Wouldn´t Buy it again the Problem ist with this Edition you only can Play Restoration of Erathia and no other DLC like Shadows of Death, and you can just buy the game on GoG for 10€ and download the HD mod and your fine.
 

๋
259 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
110 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
103.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2016
Heroes of Might & Magic: The magical land where monday is the best day of the week.
 

Hellboy
1,340 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2021
NO MAP GENERATOR ????
 

THAAL
17 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
162.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2020
great game. but it is missing all the expansions and even the elemental class.
 

biveeicefire
36 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2015
Don't buy it from Steam. Stripped down version of the original. Barely half the game since campaigns are missing, only leaving the base campaign. Multiplayer is hard to use but since I didnt get it for the multiplayer I can't really complain about that.

Get it from GOG. Cheaper and it has all the expansions and you can easily find and download an HD mod which was created by the community FOR FREE!
I'm done buying HD remakes until I see a review...

See Homeworld Remastered and the amount of work that went into that and then come back to this.
 

57
1,089 products in account
0
509 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Warning to those who are considering buying this game:

This is NOT the full game. This is restoration of erathia only and does not include armageddon's blade or shadow of death. I did not notice that until after I bought the game and am therefore hugely disappointed.
 

Dofri-Steinar
144 products in account
16
161 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
Old version, nothing new, weird bugs (mostly audio tearing). HD looks like a photoshop filter instead of improving details. Colors look way too shiny.

Its a gimmick to make 15 bucks, buy it on GOG and get more champaigns, more maps, more units, and the random generator - the things that we expect from HMM3.
 

lednakashim
21 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
THIS IS NOT THE COMPLETE VERSION, THERE ARE REALLY FEW MAPS AVAILABLE. DO NOT BUY.
 

Player Two
23 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2016
You should go on gog on full game. Much better!
 

Ulfhedinn88
445 products in account
2
42 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
97.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 14, 2019
Dont buy this You can get this for cheaper from gog.com do not make the mistake i made
 

TEMPORARY BANNED
34 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2018
This is a terrible edition of an excellent game. No random map generator and no Conflux. They've not added any maps, on the contrary, they've cut the number of maps. Making an HD Edition of Heroes 3 should be an easy layup but they managed to mess it up. Very disappointed.
 

johan
19 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2018
It's not Heroes of Might & Magic III Complete, but it's still HoMM III and it looks a little prettier.

If you want the full HoMM experience, GOG has the original complete edition for slightly less than this one is currently priced on Steam.

If you are buying the HD version on sale, it's still very much worth it. Even without the content from the two DLCs it's a great game.
 

unwise.exe
1,225 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
12.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2021
Game will not run and now it is too late to return. I will just go back to the old game without the HD non-sense that actually works.

Steam is citing +12 hours of "playtime." I have yet to actually get the game to load through steam.
 

jonas2084
318 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2015
It's laggy and buggy, has missing features, does not include expansions or the random map generator (granted) and music loops are messed up. This is a broken, half-baked and pretty much useless product.

The only decent thing about this release is that the graphical upgrades are minuscule. Yes, that's a positive thing. Stays true to the original in that aspect. The team that did the new textures deserves a tip of a hat. That, at least, has potential. Also, there are achievements if that's your thing.

Otherwise, no, this is not what a good re-release should be like. How could Ubisoft take something so good and make it this shameful? It's almost as bad as Konami with their Silent Hill 2 and 3 remakes.

Please, if you own the rights to a beloved franchise and plan on doing a remake; first, get people who love the source material. Second, make sure they know what they're doing. And third, give them enough time to make it good.

Pretty please?

The ordinary Complete Edition is still the way to go, retail or on GOG.com. Just download a community-made HD patch by yourself if that's what you want. Cheaper, and better.

Edit: After a few years and a few patches the game runs better. At least technically. Still, the missing features are as ever painfully missing, and not everything has been fixed. It's not as broken anymore, but it's still incredibly inferior to the Complete Edition in almost every way.
 

Keftsmaell
2,444 products in account
0
56 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2015
Woah, as I've just discovered the expansions are not included!
Insted of this inferior versin you should buy the complete version off of GOG and download the (free) unofficial HD mod, which makes a great game a timeless classic IMO ...
 

Kitchener Leslie
1,993 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2018
No DLCs, no HotA, no nothing! Having played HoMM for well over 15 years, it's safe to say that Ubi lost out on a lot of fans and money by not incorporating SoD and AB, let alone HotA into this new release. Buy HoMM3 on GOG and download HotA and the HD+ mod separately for a better experience. A real let-down.
 

Aphra
270 products in account
2
19 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
144.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 20
I LOVE this game, but my recommendation is to not purchase this on steam since you cannot access any of the DLC for the game. Just go to GOG for this one in particular unless they decide to actually give access to the downloadable content etc. I ended up having to purchase this game twice because of the issue, but it's whatever I guess. I believe it's cheaper on GOG anyway.
 

Manickoalabears
30 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2021
PLEASE READ THIS:
Ignore what some wrote about the graphics of this edition compared to GOG's version + HD mod [it's a fan-made mod that you can find online].

I personally own both Steam's HD version of HoMM III and GOG's version + the HD mod for HoMM.
So here's the deal:

-The graphics of the GOG's version + the HD mod will NEVER reach the quality of the Steam version, which is very good, especially when you own a 1440p monitor because you can run the full resolution. Steam's HD version is really neat and the game looks extremely clean. It was a real upgrade compared to the GOG's version and the HD mod notably because it stretches the game to fit your resolution and does not natively upgrade the game despite of its 'stretching filters'. In other words, HoMM III HD Edition on Steam delivers real, significant comfort.

-HOWEVER, it is very important to note that Steam's HD edition DOES NOT include HoMM's extension and the lack of this content may be frustrating.

Therefore my advice would be to own both because these two versions have their own specific and meaningful advantage. SImply be aware that this Steam's edition is WAY MORE worth it than what most reviews say as many buyers are probably frustrated to have spent their money and ingrateful for the work that has been done because GOG's edition + HD mod DOES NOT perform as good as Steam's version but INCLUDES all DLCs.
 

TheFuckingLizardKing
329 products in account
0
171 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
123.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2015
Horrible online, horrible HD, horrible Ubisoft gold digger, horrible (no random map)... A good game ruined and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up by a stupid ass company. The worst part is the internet thing... extremely horrible
 

Be Patient I have Autism
107 products in account
5
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2020
wtf scam no expansions
 

Invisible
81 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2017
One of the best game in history!

The "HD" version is basically just a port to current computers so it can support all resolutions, but that's it.

The only real con is that there isn't all expansions in this version
 

Borax Kid
916 products in account
1
43 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2018
This is a scam!

Instead of using the COMPLETE VERSION, this is a scrapped version of the game, that seriously gimps the enjoyment of this game.

The only positive thing is you can use STEAMS (Not ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grabbers) multiplayer system, which works like a charm. But other than that you feel scammed when you buy this.

I dont recommend anyone buying this, instead buy the complete version!
 

fun
23 products in account
2
80 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
278.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2015
nice looking graphic but:
* no gameplay upgrades known from datadisks (reentering visited place,...)
* resolution is settable to 16:9 but game uses only 4:3 with ugly side panels
* crashes:
** 8 of 10 battles over any castle with garrison end ins crash if AI takes the castle,
** beholder shooting its laser cause game crash
 

Fyrgon
114 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2020
Product refunded

Great GAME, terrible VERSION. This version does not include a random map generator. Other reviewers say it doesn't include all the expansion packs. A baffling decision on the part of Ubisoft to re-release an ancient game without all its feature. This is practically false advertising, which is a great way to ruin a product's rating. The game is much better than the ratings for this awful version imply. Requested a refund.
 

vladkornea
236 products in account
1
23 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
297.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2018
While it's true that this game would be an 11/10 if it included the expansions, it's not really fair to give it a negative review just because they were excluded. Especially considering the reason why they weren't included is because the original source code for the expansions was lost, so they basically would've had to make the expansions again from scratch.

Anyway I loved this game as a teenager and the nostalgia factor alone made it worth the $15.00. But if you want to talk about getting your money's worth, I've sunk easily 200+ hours into it since buying it. Building up your army and leveling up your heroes to become mega powerful never gets old, but what really makes this game for me is the spellbook. There are so many different spells, and most have a practical use even in late game. It's not like some games where once you get the top tier spells, there's only 1 or 2 spells worth using and you ignore the rest. There's so many different strategies you can take. Do you massively damage a single target? Damage mutiple targets but do less damage? Damage the whole battlefield including your own? Stun/crowd control the most dangerous enemy monster on the map? Ressurect some of your best units? Cast anti-magic so they can't frustratingly blind your best archer unit?

The combination of the different unit abilities along with the spell book makes the battles in this game a real chess match. In case it was not clear enough, yes I think this game is awesome.
 

Cerid#9052
42 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2018
Dont get me wrong: Heroes 3 is the best game ever but do not bother with this one. HD edition doesnt have any expansion and thats just wrong. Buy heroes 3 complete edition somewhere else and you own one of the best games ever made.
 

Thiar
316 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2018
Why buy this terrible base game when you can go to GOG and get the base game and it's expansions for less money !

don't believe me ? Have a look - - -
https://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition

Steam users stay away from this HD version and go but it on GOG.

You get the base and 2 expansions for 10$ on GOG and this base game on steam with out expansions cost 20$

Also with the expansions (from GOG) you can download the HOTA mod whiching is an online service multiplayer app that lets you play high quality multiplayer with skilled fair opponents. It's basically esport / battle net / multiplayer functionality.

So this is a thumps down. Steam users are getting ripped off.
 

anthony77567
56 products in account
2
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2021
Buy the GOG version instead. This version is missing content.
 

Divine
600 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2021
Get the GOG or HotA version
 

everybody lies
40 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
我们需要《死亡阴影》
We Need 《The Shadows Of death 》
Нам нужна 《тень смерти》
 

sillybao24
12 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2015
As far as HD remakes go this is a little lacking, no expansion content make it a bit of a let down.

I would reccommend teh GoG version over this one unfortunately.

The new textures are nice though.
 

Ian Ramsay
108 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2016
-no random maps
-no expansions
-cannot buy normal monsters once you upgrade the monster building
-some bugs and crashes

Basically some of the best features were removed just to add some HD res and compatibility issues fixes. Still not worth it...
 

Acheron
265 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2021
It's a classic and if you played the original you probably don't have any doubts about the game. However, when it comes to this HD remake, it's a middle-of-the-road experience. The expansions are non-existent, there is no random map generator and the improvements feel minor overall. Still, the graphics are OK despite the so-called 'vanilla upgrade' and there's an added multiplayer mode.

Overall I do recommend for anyone diving in for the first time. For diehards, there's a GOG version.

Ubisoftie, please add the expansions!
 

V L A D O S A U R
1,171 products in account
3
102 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
DO NOT BUY if you are looking for a solid online multiplayer.
If you want only single player with all expansions just go buy http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition
 

Sikari Sakari
169 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2019
I have played this game for 1000s of hours, It is one of my all-time favourites. I literally own three different copies.
I have the original game, the GOG version with the expansion packs and this version.
I can say with certainty. This is the worst version.
You would be MUCH better off to download HoMM3 HD+. A free fanmade version of this game. It adds many must need features, nothing game changing just quality of life changes such as easy management of unit stacks.

My main reason for disliking the HD version is, and I hope this isn't just something I'm experiencing but, it's super laggy and doesn't feel responsive. Also the lack of a random map option is crazy to me.
 

switch
55 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
120.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 17
Steam screwed me on a refund when this game proved not to be the full series, so don't make the same mistake I did. Get Heroes 3 Complete from GOG or similar, then install HOMM3 HD+ so it runs properly on Windows 10 (other OSes may vary), then install the fan expansion "Horn of the Abyss". d
 

Lexx Lothar Sloan
56 products in account
0
122 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
No random map generater, with no announced plans to even attempt to rebuild one. Regret pre-ordering it with all my heart, although this game was one of the foundations of my childhood, even the nostalgia doesnt make up for the massive let down this release was. I find it extremely hard that a team of lawyers, the size and quality that unisoft has, would have let the purchase go down without getting the source code for the DLCs along with the base game, pinned onto the fact that it obviously exists somewhere if somebody is still selling full copys of the game.

Tl;dr Its not even worth the nostalgia.
 

Undead
324 products in account
2
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
59.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2018
There is no random map generator in this version. Very disapointing. Please add DLC.
 

AParliamentOfOwl
54 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2019
I wasted my money because I didn't read the reviews on here... Get the GOG version, it comes with everything at literally the same price as this sale version. I'm gonna try and get my money back as this is an absolute rip...
 

pegleg6
16 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
145.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2018
Disapointing that the expansions are not coming with for this price... looks great, but missing loadt of content.
 

Trixa fett
42 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2018
Love the game, have been playing it for almost 20 years..

But the fact that the expansions are not on here make this a thumbs down from me. there are map pack availale online, very few work without the expansions.
 

danieltitze
20 products in account
0
182 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
83.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Ok, the first game i played on multiplayer, i found out that cheats DO work, from another player. I am very dissapointed in this... I did know perfectly well what i was buying, not the whole expansion packs, but that isn't the problem, i didn't care very much for the HD version as well, it was all about STEAM multiplayer support, and they can't even disable the cheats? Not to mention other stuff, like how the old version brought up the game if it was minimised when your turn came up, well, that small thing doesn't work here...
 

Generalul
136 products in account
3
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
93.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2018
I love this game and recomend it but The HD Edition... I am seriosly sad that the developer of this enhaced edition was so lazy so greedy or just that incompetent that they did not and have not included the expansions

There also is a bug when trying to start a new campaing with another faction which makes you load manually the endings of previos factions campaings to progress further. I cannot remember if this was in the original game but even if it was there is no reason this could not have been fixed.

I know I am writing this over three years after it's release but that just makes it more worse that there have been no expansions, no updates for the skirmis where there is no option for random or custom map.

I don't know If I should blame ubisoft or the guys they hired to make this money grab but I hope they have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bot that adds my ramble to their huge, sealed, pristine (as in never opened) bag of complaints from the fans who they claim so loudly to appreciate and love.

"Yes I am angry, not at my self but at other peoples lack of morales." -Me a bitter and angry spacemarine.

If you are still reading this I'd like to thank you for that little attention and remember DO NOT preorder especially from the big companies, they do not care about you. Trust your fellow consumer and sorry about my english.
 

SpapsPora
262 products in account
1
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 25, 2015
ENG:

The best version of the series, but, still tailor-made. If you do not like Ubisoft of the Company or do not want to support it, I recommend the game when purchased by the GOG site of the original older version that works DosBox: the new computers. No need to Uplay to play this.

Refferal! :3


FIN:

Paras sarjan versio mutta, edelleen räätälöitynä. Jos et pidä Ubisoft firmasta tai halua tukea sitä, suosittelen ostamana pelin GOG palvelusta alkuperäisen vanhemman version, joka toimii DosBox:sillä uusissa tietokoneissa. Ei tarvitse kuitenkaan Uplay:ta asentaa pelataksesi tätä.

Suositteluni! :3
 

Varaosa
1,454 products in account
0
75 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2015
This was a big disappointment. They could have changed a lot of stuff into the game, such as: improved AI,some town balance and better multiplayer.

There's no one playing multiplayer btw. So yeah. I've played it for around 30 minutes, now I'm back to my old HMM3 *NON-HD* complete version.

If you're still not decided, please don't buy this.
 

Mephistus
56 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2020
I can't find motivation to play this version while my Armageddon's Blade and The Shadow of Death CD's are staring at me from the shelf. It will be a great experience for those who never played this game but for those who grew up with HoMM3 like me will not be satisfied.
 

Cum Cumineye
462 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2017
Why U just can't remaster all content of Heroes of Might & Magic III ? That would be best game ever, but now it's better to just buy Heroes III on gog and instal HD mod, it will be way better than playing this. It's sad that i need to make this negative review because Heroes of Might & Magic III it's one of the best game ever for me. :(
 

Avalon
737 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
655.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2020
Classic great game can't go wrong.

Kind of sucks they don't have expansions, hopefully will include at some point.

Vanilla version is great too, but unless a big fan may get dry after a while.
 

dsmcm88
5 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 20, 2019
Only scenarios to play. No random map options.
 

slavsetup.com
71 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2021
This will be the only game that I bought and uninstall to pirate the full DLC versions with balanced patch.
 

Sphoon
72 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2021
You cant play random generated maps in the HD version, thats what made the game amazing in the first place
 

Mindbreaker
3 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
79.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2017
Although I play it frequently, I can't really recommend it, since there are cheaper versions of this game available, even with all of the DLCs. I loved this game and grew up with it, but the DLCs are still a big portion of the game itself and they're not only missing in the steamversion, you also can't purchase them here. Shame.
 

don't care tbh
178 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2016
Your Review system is quite strange?

Most who don't really like the HD Version , because all the add ons are missing and other things, take their time to write a few sentences. Because most DO LIKE the original version.
Most of the "likers" write a short text like :" Childhood dreams" bla bla but don't even check the game first.

So that's why lately the game has more positive reviews than negative ones. I recommend to read the reviews to get a better opinion about the HD Version.

I love this game but there can't be a propper reason why the add ons are still missing? So I wouldn't recoomend it at all. Sorry folks.

 

wargul16
343 products in account
5
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2017
When GoG.com provides you with a working complete edition of heroes 3 -exactly- how you remember it. With moat damage, conflux faction, all expansions, why give more money for this?

Sure, it has a bit more pristine graphics and "high res" sprites, but lets be honest, if you are a fan of the heroes franchise and want to play this game, then graphics is the least of your concerns.


Perhaps if this edition had all expansions and everything Heroes 3 can offer, I would reccomend it. But right now, when the competition offers more with less, why bother?
 

Lokslys
229 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2015
This game is FANTASTIC, but the port is aweful, read on:

"HD" means these are the same sprites - they upscaled them so they look less pixelated.

For those who know the game well, please note:

-does not include expansions :.
~***does not come with a random map generator***
~no extra maps
~conflux seems to not be included/working
+does include the map editor, easilly accessed on start up

There is no reason anyone should pay over 2$ for this port-garbage. Get HHM3 Complete game and enjoy the goodness (and a reasonable price) through GOG [www.gog.com] and using Game Ranger [www.gameranger.com] to play with your friends PLUS, there are tons of lobbies set up on GRanger for the multiplayer experience (or to easilly play with your friends). Don't support a broken game!

This is a really awesome game that I love dearly, but they really half-donkey'd this one guys.
 

SweetMary"Jane
308 products in account
4
139 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
Not worth the 15 bucks.

The graphics are somewhat smoother and all, but it's not THAT big of a difference. It does not make you fall off your chair breathless.
Multiplayer keeps crashing, and some game mechanics are odd. Spells in particular.
A lot of content is missing.


Instead of pleasing Ubisucks, buy the GOG complete version of this game. Then just add the community made HD mod.
Costs about half the price, and you'll get so much more content.

Either refund me so I can do the same, Ubisucks. Or add the expansions and fix the current issues. Until then I won't recommend this version of HOMM 3 to anyone.
 

Tyrgrim
327 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 3

Not Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2021
Do not buy this game, it is only vanilla homm3. From GoG you can get complete edition for 10 euros and for that you can get free HD update or even HotA from community. HotA is fan made DLC for free. There is coming (soon) even new race in to the game in HotA.

Please do not buy this steam version, it is a money grab from ubisoft. THERE IS NOT MUCH CONTENT IN THIS STEAM VERSION.
 

Đя. войєž
40 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2017
Don't buy this.

I only bought this game cos the pack with HoMM5 was on sale. Stupid cashgrab from Ubi, the GOG edition with HD mod not only looks better, but includes the expansions, for much cheaper
 

Waffledile
378 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
Not HD Edition, rather Demo HD Edition. The game isn't full, playing online is a fiction. And friggin 14USD for a game that is 27 years old and not even fully developed!
 

ranor7
38 products in account
0
66 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2015
This is barebones vanilla HoMM III, so for anyone who got used to all the improvements brought on by the add-ons and the excellent HD mod it's basically unplayable. The moment I pressed space to re-enter a structure and nothing happened I knew this was a pointless purchase.

I'm not really upset about the lack of Conflux, this faction was hastily put together and hilariously op in most situations. But no AB and SoD means none of the best maps and no RMG. For more sp-oriented people there's also no additional campaigns, which were vastly superior to the ones from RoE (especially the AB campaigns are the peak of the series).

Seriously, just buy the Complete edition, slap the HD mod on it (apart from increased resolutions it actually improves the game by adding some great functionality, like automatic force transfer between armies for example) and you'll have yourself a vastly superior game for a lower cost.

I can only recommend HoMM III HD to people who want to replay the RoE campaigns and feel the urge to do it in "HD" that is strong enough to make them pay 15 Euros for it. In other words - I cannot recommend it to anyone.
 

TajskaK
681 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2019
Review by Gaming Masterpieces - The greatest games of all time on Steam.

Is this game a masterpiece? Do you really ask? If this is not a masterpiece, then no game is a masterpiece.

I don't know how many months of my life I spent playing the original game from 1999 and its expansions during my time at university.

Heroes of Might & Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia has always been the fan favorite of this long running series, starting with King's Bounty in 1989 and currently at Heroes of Might & Magic VII.

This version ist an update of the original, where multiplayer lobbies and a higher resolution were the main improvements. Unfortunately, the official expansions (Armageddon’s Blade and The Shadow of Death) and all the mods of the original are not compatible with it. Also they removed the ability to play on random maps.

The game can be played turn by turn by up to 8 local players, but of course this requires a lot of time.

Heroes of Might & Magic III - HD Edition is still a milestone in the turn-based strategy genre, although it has aged (gracefully) during the last 20 years.

Conclusion:
Recommended if you haven't played the original, it still has the ability to let time go by unnoticed when playing it.
 

svenevil
11,061 products in account
3
17 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2021
I hope they would bring the expansions here on steam especially the Armagedons Blade.
 

A113
35 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
47.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2021
Please relesae expansions
 

John Doe
86 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
621.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2016
Warning for Nostalgia seekers who are looking to play the game as it was in the original release: Ubisoft have made some changes that probably will not be to everyon's liking. Two good examples are that black dragons are no longer immune to magic, and dwarves are no longer magic resistant. Also, some of the old maps are missing. On the up side they did add some new maps. To me, a HoMM fan from the release of HoMM 1, this modified version feels dumbed down and less challenging. Battles will usually be determined by who has the most and the highest level monsters, and not who is best able to leverage their creature's assets better against their opponant's creature's weaknesses. That's because the advantages and disadvantage have all been nurfed to the point where there really isn't much difference between two differerent creatures of the same level.

I wondered if perhaps my perceptions were just a matter of memory being distorted by the mists of time so I go out my old CD's and started up DOSBox and there it was, just as I remembered. BIG difference! Checkers vs. Chess. I thought that I might be able to soften the disapointment by copying over some of the maps which were left out,but instead i was in for another disappointment. The original files and all those user created maps from 1999 are incompatable with this version.

All that said, I hesitatate to give it a thumbs down. For those who never knew the 1999 New World Computing version, this could be a fun, light strategy and tactics game minus all the minutia and micro-management of epic strategy games of the Europa Universalis genre. It weighs in lighter than the Total War series too. If you want some strategy but its been a long, demanding day at work or school and your brain just wants to take it easy for the evening, this might be just the perfect thing.

NOTE Since writing this review it has been brought to my attention by Steam user potmdehex that a mod has been released which will convert the old map format to the new format. This adds quite a bit more value to the game considering how many excellent user made maps are still floating around on the Internet, not to mention the fact that it makes the original official game map available again. Information regarding this mod can be found right here on Steam at the HD Edition forum at address: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001014053/recommended/297000?tscn=1463098014

Again, many thanks to potmdehex for this welcome information (even if his name is a little <adgitive of your choice, either positive or negative>. Personally I take no position on it. I simply wish to offer my gratitude for the information).
 

Inanimate_Object_Unleashed
682 products in account
2
22 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2020
Great game , but for some reason no dlcs available. HD mod looks at least as good as this version , while being free , having all the dlcs and giving you the option to install the Horn of abyss / having online lobby multiplayer. This version is simply worse on all fronts .
 

FURS
126 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2019
It is Heroes 3, but without the expansion content. Honestly vanilla heroes 3 is not bad, but pointless to buy this as it will never be 'complete'.

Just buy the gog heroes 3 complete and be done with it.

Heroes 2: Price of Loyalty is, and will always be the definitive heroes experience. Heroes 3 may have been the fan favorite, but nothing will ever compare to the gameplay, art style, and music from the second installment.

That being said, if you have never gotten into heroes 2, go make it so...
 

Nasty Nate
100 products in account
0
98 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
I recommend buying the old version, this doesn't include any expansionpacks, so no random maps, losing a lot of campaigns, losing Conflux.
I got this as a gift, so I didn't spend any money on it, and I'm happy for that. Buy the old game with the expansions, this isn't really worth it without them,
 

Life is a beach
468 products in account
1
126 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
It breaks my heart to give this game a negative rating, but Ubisoft has made another crap decision with the Heroes franchise.

HOMM5 gave me some hope after 3DO and New World Computing tanked; the art style recalled the lightheartedness of Heroes 2, the town screens were gorgeous, and it seemed like they put a lot of thought and effort into building a new world for the franchise. Now, I'm starting to think it's actually because they have no respect for the old one.

I grew up with HOMM 1 - 3; my parents still spend hours and hours every week enjoying the GOG version of Heroes 3, which includes the Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death expansions. As excited as I was for this re-release, after having actually taken it out for a test drive, I have to recommend the GOG version over this mess by quite a wide margin.

Firstly, it's just the original game, with no expansions. That makes the current price tag a bit steep, considering what you get with the GOG package (which is also DRM-free and doesn't require a client to play). Secondly, every supposed "improvement" they've made comes at the cost of an established feature: Pressing the space bar no longer allows you to revisit locations atop which your selected hero is currently standing, for instance, and lots of other hotkey shortcuts are absent, as well. Gameplay is often jerky or strangely slow despite the high requirements for such an old game. Some in-game art has been poorly remastered and looks stark and out of place against unaltered backgrounds, creating an overal effect like someone lazily went through and applied Photoshop filters to existing elements. The multiplayer barely works, and then not very well. Perhaps most telling is the absence of the trademark random map generator, which was a highlight of the franchise and one of the things that continues to make HOMM3 playable decades later.

I really played this re-release up to my family and friends, all of whom are fans of the series, but now I'm wishing I had my preorder money back. I feel like the game is not at all as advertised, much in the same way that Ubisoft failed to tell anyone that their proprietary U-play client was required to play Might & Magic X.

Painful though it may be, file this "HD remake" in the garbage along with Heroes 6.
 

CherokeeStarfish
333 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
93.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2016
Legends Never Die!
 

Pl4yDead
155 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
36.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2020
I played this game since i was 4 years old and probably gonna play this until i die.
i just wish they would also remake the expansions for the HD edition
 

MajorSeal
191 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
119.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2016
Wait...16 years old game with a new facelift? Hell yeah!

I will not tell you about how great the campaign of this game really is. I will not tell you about the fact that you will lose yourself as you build cities and level up your heroes through turn based combat. For me, the main characteristic of this game is its multiplayer capability.

Play this game with or against your friends. Explore the world, build your cities and engage in combat. Even after all this years, game remains an immersive experience that could easily take over your life. You'll start dreaming about it, about its races and towns, about Ivor, your favourite Rampart hero with Elves speciality and Archery as a basic skill.

70+ hours of gameplay I spent playing this game tells how great Heroes of Might and Magic III really is. Buy it, play it and let this game take over your life for a bit.
 

Perin
825 products in account
0
88 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
This was a money grab. I am sad.
 

ANIMELOVER694201337
248 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 11
It's frickin Heroes of Might and Magic III. Of course I'd recommend it to other players. Steam, why are you asking me such silly questions?
 

LenaTheTinyKakapo
69 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
82.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 11
Terrible version of Heroes of Might and Magic 3.
Doesn't include DLC or the random map generator.

I feel bad for the amazing artists who recreated the graphics in HD, when Ubisoft has stripped the game of so many important features
 

Mornedil TTV
457 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
114.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2018
Yes, this game is legendary, maybe the best in the series, buuuuuuut...
This game has no Armagedon's Blade DLC
It has no Shadow of Death DLC
Notice how i called it a "DLC"
And the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ space command which is supposed to re enter the building or event where your hero is currently located DOES NOT WORK.
Just another masterpiece tossed in to the wrong hands!
Disappointed to say the least...
6/10
 

Grobyc315
123 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 26, 2017
Garbage. HD is fine, but no expansions, price, no workshop meaning no maps. Plus the game crashes and weird bugs occur occasionally. There's a gog version containing everything, which should be released on steam instead of this Ubicrap remaster.
On the other hand the game itself is legendary and there's no need to introduce such title to almost anyone. Just not this version.
 

Korinis
485 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2016
Great game, but really bad conversion. Nothing new and only 33% of full game ( no DLC included ). Better to buy full HoM&M 3 on gog.com
 

szymez
256 products in account
1
34 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 2, 2019
If I had known this didn't have the map editor or random map generator, I wouldn't have paid the $15 for it.

Very disappointed
 

corey_drake
6 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
Waste of money. It doesn't contain additions or random map generator. Yeah, i know i should check it out properly but whatever reason. All in all evon though it was cheap on promotion it leaves bitter aftertaste.
 

maks.sikora
59 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
314.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2020
Still the best heroes game
 

Nox
81 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2021
its expansions Armageddon's Blade and The Shadow of Death DLC should be made available soon.
 

WallyLace
17 products in account
0
78 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2015
A very lazy incomplete remace... better off with the GoG version.
 

Herzog
141 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
69.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2020
Pros:
-Sharper details and better framerates

Cons:
- No random maps
- Small map pool
- Missing inventory slots
- Keyboard shortcuts/hotkeys no longer work (makes you waste travel when hitting monoliths etc)
- Due to it being very basic no expansions were included so we are missing races, artifacts and monsters
 

SlowFlow
51 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2018
It doesn't work on windows 10 !!! This is continuing for 3 years.
Sorry, but you steal MY MONEY. There are ~400 gamers (according to comments) that can't run it either.
We are doing all you recomendations (opneAl insalling, fresh video drivers), but nothing!

I do not recomend that edition and that compay.
It was great time in the past, but now - NO.
 

levchenko.vl.ua
1 product in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2017
nice textures, the overall graphics of the game are a bit better, but it doesn't compensate at all the huge amounts of missing content, since the two very great expansions are not included. it's a somewhat better looking but much more boring experience then the versions available before this hd edition. if i would have known this, i wouldn't have bought this huge disappointment.
 

daniel.mayer.bp
26 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
46.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2021
I love HoMM. But this HD remaster... Sometimes it feels glitchy or buggy. Especially in fights. I don't know what's up with that but to be honest... I would rather buy the complete edition, which I still own by the way, and use the communities' HD-mod. The HD-Mod improved my gameplay experience so much. It might not be ideal for multiplayer, it's enough for hot seat, but I'd still prefer that.
 

Dnisify.tv
35 products in account
0
103 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
115.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
It's like playing the old HoMM 3, minus most of the content the original game, replaced with better graphics. Unless they add the old features (including LAN and random map generator for example) and the expansion packs, you are better off playing the old version with mods.
 

Juusto
1,232 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2018
Good old Heroes III... Too bad it's not the Complete Edition :(
 

Strc
402 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
78.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2015
Ubisoft you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you republished 10 years old game and still have a lot of bugs and errors
This game is great, but ubi are slovers
The game is not worth THAT money for such poor work
 

Zergling
144 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2017
Waste of money. No expansions included nor can you purchase them... Single scenario is bugged. This is stealing fans money at broad daylight!
 

Road to 0 MMR
67 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2017
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ moneygrab from Ubisoft!

Go on GOG [www.gog.com] and buy complete edition for 9.49€

Game lacks expansions, random map generator and crashes oftenly.
 

TheMASSHER
230 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2019
No expansion packs. Just vanilla game adjusted for a wider screen, with a lack of key features.
Not worth unless on a sale, for a few hours of nostalgia.
If bought: Refund while you can, and just download HD mod for the original game!

2/10 for a lazy CTRL+C CTRL+V source code port. Thanks Ubisoft.
 

NoHOPE
118 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2021
Gameplay 7/10
Story 3/10
Controls 6/10
Graphics 7/10
Difficulty 6/10

HoMM3 is a great game. I don't think anyone really checks the reviews to make a decision whether to buy it or not.
The kicker here is, HoMM3 HD on Steam doesn't have the expansions. Sure, it fixes some bugs and enhances the textures but it creates more bugs than it had previously.
This version also removes the random map option.

GOG has a version with all expansions, then download the unofficial HD mod[mmgames.ru] and/or the HotA-expansion[mightandmagic.fandom.com].

Sorry Steam, but this version is not worth it at all.
 

prome
705 products in account
0
251 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
The biggest fail of all: no random map generator - that which kept so many of us fans playing for years and years. How can such an important part of the game be left out? Does Ubisoft have no idea what the fans have been doing all this time? Second place: having to click for each step that the hero takes. Is that a joke? It is made worse by the map being repositioned after each step, so we have to move the cursor again and again. Movement takes ages as a result and it seriously diminishes the enjoyement of the game. As far as I can tell, there is no option to change this in the options. Third place: no LAN function.

This is what became apparant in just the first few minutes of playing the game. Who knows what else is wrong with this game...

A waste of money, essentially.

edit: fixed typo
 

Fluffybunny :3
998 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2021
I've paid £3 and it's alright price. Anything above? Nah, just ignore this title.

It's ridicules how bad is this version of the game. Yeah, you have HD models, but that's the "good" part of the game. "Bad" part? Well, all old bugs, introduced new bugs and unfinished game:
- existing bug: it's just a vanilla remaster (kind of obvious and I known it), but all fixed bugs and balance provided in the DLCs haven't been added here - so dissapointed
- new bug: moat is useless (no damage to the units),
- new bug: I've never seen AI building more than 2nd magic guild in the city,
- new bug: AI is much more stupid than in the original and with DLC versions,
- unfinished game: Ubisoft removed random maps (lol, one of the best part of the game wtf),
- unfinished game: game crashed 3 times in 4 hours of the game (I've never had a crash in original Heroes 3)
- unfinished game: I tried to use Polish (nostalgic way of playing H3), but I saw encoded wrongly Polish characters - something which I saw years ago (2006 vibe). No one even try to run game with different language to see if there is any problem? The first popup in the game will display incorrect encoding of the characters

This is just an experience after 4 hours of the game. It's much worse than the original version. Even after 5 years of the release, you can still find really obvious bugs introduced in this HD version.

I will be still playing this version, because I don't have any choice (macbook + GeForce Now).
 

Zhukov
115 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
78.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2015
I only got this game because it was one of my favourite games and it had online. But what i did not know is that this is not the complete version, with RMG. I hope the developers fix the multiplayer port forward thing so we dont have to port forward, and that we can host an online game without any problems.

What i also hope they can do is have it so when you press shift and LMB it can split a monsters group in half; and ctrl +LMB to take a monster and have it split in 1's.

I'd rate this game 6 so far.
 

CreatorSmith
16 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2015
First off: the game itself is awesome. A timeless classic, one of my all-time favourites. As a huge HoMM fan I own every single copy of every HoMM game ever released (including the White box and all other CEs).
The problem is not the game, but the fact that Ubisoft try to screw up with people. No expansions? Seriosly? No doubt they will release them but they will cost more, of course. Second - is that really HD? I mean... come on. It's barely notisable. Granted, there is a difference but it's so slim that it's not worth the money.
Summary: Avoid. Buy the originals from GOG and enjoy proper content.
 

DoC
269 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2019
We bought this game to play it online with my friend. Apparently in year 2019 it is still impossible. No multiplayer at all. I am trying to get my money back.
 

BadCompany Torpedo
19 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
264.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 12
1 hero
1 big army
Expert air and earth
Portals and dimension doors
KIll em all
 

FNFA
37 products in account
0
176 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
90.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
I want my money back, this is not the game I payed for. This is a ruined version of a timeless classic with slightly better graphics and more bugs.
 

Omegaslight
88 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2015
In the year of our lord 2015 I expected a lot more from a "HD Edition" of this gem, I was even optimistic for some new heroes or maps, enemies, items, something - not that the game itself wouldn't have been enough.

Or so I thought at least. Because when the "game itself" means neither of the two expansions are included, nor are all of the chronicles, there being no random map generator, or a functional steam multiplayer, support for major mods, or LAN mode..

At least they added more bugs than there ever was in the original version, with a side dish of the "Revised high-definition graphics" that make the game lag noticeably more than any game released this year, with high end engine, played on ultra settings.

Big thumbs up for the game itself, big thumbs down for this Ubisoft version. GOG is your friend if you want your nostalgia.
 

alexy
2,757 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 3
wheres the dlc!?!? where are the mods? this is such a hack job what the heck guys
 

joshelderkin259
10 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2019
Just buy the GOG copy, cheaper, with both expansions.
 

Maroi
200 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2018
while i would say this game is well worth the $15 its much better to buy the $10 complete version on gog, and you can download a HD mod, it has a fan made expansion "horn of the abyss" which adds a 10th faction and adds online to the game i usually see a few hundred people on there everyday. The mod is very simple to install even a idiot like me was able to figure it out.
 

Magnus
370 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2015
Lets start off with saying, this game is JUST LIKE, how I remembered playing it as a little kid.
I just startet playing it and got instantly hooked once again, however I don't really see this new HD look, it doesn't really matter to me, but do bear in mind that this doesn't really seem like an upgrade from the old one, but simply the same game released with a HD tag slammed at the end.
But with all this said, if you used to enjoy the game as a little kid or w/e, you won't get dissapointed at all, this game is just like it used to be in the good old days.
 

N!vq
7,505 products in account
1
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
No no no.
This is absolutely not what an HD edition should be.
All the textures look as if they were made out of clay or someone just used the smudge tool in Photoshop on them.
The original textures looked way better and with the additional lack of DLCs, this is just sad.
 

meta
471 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
106.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2016
Rated this up but simultaneously giving my contribution for criticism, which is certainly justifiable.

Heroes III is generally known as the most successful title of the series and might be the best turn-based strategy title as well. And why it shouldn't be - everything works like clockworks from RPG-elements to the unit balances. Among campaign there is a couple dozens mini scenarios which can be played with either AI or another player.

For those few who are completely new with Heroes of Might and Magic here is some summary about the formula of the series. You start on some random map with a hero and a castle of your chosen faction. With your hero you go adventuring into world which is filled with artifacts, treasure and resources with which you are able to build structures and hire new units from your castle to fight creatures lurking on the map or another competing factions. Your hero also gathers experience with various ways to upgrade his/her skills and attributes going from being a novice to ultimate master of Might and/or Magic. The scenarios are usually won by defeating other factions, some boss hero or gathering x amount of resources.

All these core elements are flawless in Heroes 3 and this HD version that also gives a slight graphical face lift for it. Excluding a couple very random bugs - everything works without problems on my Windows 10.

However, after all this years we could wait some wrapping up of this remastered title, but this is where the game let's people down. It doesn't include expansions The Shadow of Death or Armageddon's Blade which multiplied gameplay time, introduced new units among brand new elemental-based faction 'Conflux' which is favourated by many players.

I myself could actually turn a blind eye for this neglect but I understand that when there is a steak available the minced meat is going to be hard to swallow. Heroes 3 is available in other cloud stores as a version where expansions are included. They don't have HD on them but I surely would spend my dollar into some significant features instead of graphical details which I usually forget while playing this classic.

In conclusion Heroes 3 HD is solid, mighty and magical turn-based strategy experience and could be recommented even in its normal price if it wouldn't enjoy reputation of missed opportunity. Definitely worth it with a minor price tag though. If Heroes 3 HD should (I've odd feeling it will) have expansions included in the future I hope that for the sake of fairness they could be purchased as a free dlc.
 

Catinkontti
713 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
40.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 22
Timeless gem. One of the best strategy games ever made. Still holding stong 20+ years later.
 

✪ KopuTapoB LIVE!
14 products in account
0
134 people found this review helpful
102 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Ubisucks
 

Sick
143 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
44.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2017
buy game at gog ensted, this way you get rndom map generator wich makes it one of the betgames of all time
 

Macros
88 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2020
Great game, crappy version.
 

Filth
158 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,071.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2016
Heroes 3 is a fantastic classic game, however I would reccomend purchasing this game on GOG insted of steam.

Pros:
Easy access to multiplayer with friends.
Graphical update of a fantastic game.

Mixed:
The graphical updates arent that apparent. (This version of the game is a cash grab.)

Cons:
Does not include the expansions to the game, they are available from GOG.
Does not support the many, and very well made mods created for the original game.
 

Nex
103 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
303.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2015
The Multiplayer disconnects randomly and there are no changes except HD. This is without doubt the best game they ever had/have (H3). don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about HD just the expansion"s" that came with it... that didn't come with this.
 

Slev
659 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2017
Well, I'm glad that I bought this while it's on sale because otherwise I would be even more upset. Why doesn't this come with all of the expansions? Why would this game even be released on Steam without them? This game has been around for so long that when I see it, I always expect the expansions to be incorporated. It's not like this is a brand new game with new expansions... Copyright issues? Hard to say, but disappointing none-the-less. No Conflux, no combined artifacts, very disappointing. I have a another version that I got off GoG a while ago and it has all the expansions. Only got it on Steam to be able to play with friends without having to get another 3rd party program to play with friends, but guess I'll return to that in order to play it. Though, I wonder if incorporating the expansions will be a future works. I guess we'll see. Don't spend your money on this until the expansions are released with it. Go get it on GoG and use Game Ranger to be able to play online with friends or other players.
 

Do Me Dirty
160 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2019
Jesus Christ who thought releasing this, in its current state, is a good idea!?

First, gotta hand it to them - the graphics look nice in most of the places (just avoid playing Necro) so the redrawing of sprites worked.
Here's the kicker though, the game is zoomed in. Literally.
The whole game is zoomed in, the area you can see is ridiculously tiny and all the cursors (sword for attacking, horse for moving, etc.) are ridiculously big. It's unplayable like this.
Seriously, just play the original with the HD mod.

Also, that animated fire in the main menu doesn't loop correctly (and also looks pretty bad) and it being the first thing you see just sets you up for disappointment.
 

Windows Movie Maker
343 products in account
1
31 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2019
A classic turn-based strategy. HD version is so much better than original, however:

- This release is base game only, and does not contain either of the two expansions. This means that there is no Conflux, and a lot of artifacts, creatures, and some campaigns are missing.
- As the random map generator was introduced in the expansions, it´s also missing.
- Does not fix the original issue with crashes.
- Does not remember won campaigns; if you want to play any campaign unlocked by winning the first ones, you have to cheat your way through them again.

If you are okay with these issues, the base game is still great. Nonetheless, I can´t rid myself of the feeling that Ubisoft is again only after money with no regard to quality of their products - so I would only recommend the game if it´s on sale.
 

holesinmyjeans
134 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2018
Product received for free

Well, everyone simply knows that HoMaM III Complete is a legend. No discussion about it.

But this is is not the Complete version. It is only the base game reworked into bigger resolution and with better details. Nothing interesting added to the game.

Just play the original and save your money, this is not worth it.
 

Iosephus
266 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
242.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2016
Heroes of Might & Magic 3 is a beloved old classic, although some aspects of gameplay are very dated by now. The turn based strategy easily becomes slogging, more so the larger the map or the more resources you are trying to manage and control. HoMM3 plays more like a game about the logistic concerns of war than its heroism. There were a number of improvements that came with an expansion which are not included with this release, as it's only an edition of the base game.

One of the small things that bothers me about this game is the way save games and campaigns interact. In order to begin some of the campaigns you need to have beaten others first. Fine, it helps the flow of the stories make sense and I don't object to that. However, you specifically have to do that by beating an entire campaign, and then saving your game at the end of that campaign, and reloading it before choosing another campaign. This means that if you get tired of the last scenario of one campaign and decide to switch to another one, you can't keep the progress from both in your unlock streak and is also very unintuitive.

I was deeply disappointed as well by the apparent lack of any final cinematic or narrative explanation of the end of the last campaign, a fight for independence of a group on the border between Erathia and Av'Lee. This campaign must be played last, as it follows in the aftermath of the war, but while there was a bunch of story closure for the end of the second-to-last story arc, the last one lets you win, get on the high score list and then has nothing whatsoever to say. It feels more like the first paragraph of the next story, and messes with the closure of this one.

The heart of the game system is preserved in this HD edition. However, some of its charm feels as though it has been stripped away. It feels kind of jarring seeing Ubisoft's branding all over it with little respect for the original developers, New World Computing. Also, a bunch of the tutorial is not in the tutorial, but in the manual instead, giving you a bunch of management to have to do between multiple sources of information to get the instructions properly.

There was a questionable choice here to give Steam achievements for beating scenarios on various difficulties ten times, which really just emphasizes the way the game can become a slog for achievement hunters and is very easily circumvented by playing the last turn of a scenario in which you were able to win ten times.

While I recommend HoMM3 to anyone interested in experiencing the old classic of fantasy strategy, I think going to GOG and getting the original Heroes of Might & Magic III: Complete, which includes two old expansion packs, offers a better experience with more stories to explore. For even more stories, seek out Heroes Chronicles, an episodic series of single-player campaigns on the HoMM3 engine.
 

Moon Mind
312 products in account
6
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2020
reminds me of a time where i didnt have to watch a clock . a time where i could play for hours on end and still be a happy go kid at the end of the session :D
 

Bone Tomahawk
42 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
67.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 24
not the full game.... full game is not on steam
 

MaverickAA2100
17 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2021
Yes, but add expansions asap.
 

brsmiha
22 products in account
2
31 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2019
The game won't start on Win10. You need to download dll-s and whatnot to make it work. So it it is an unfinished product. Don't buy.
 

Aku
33 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
11.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2020
Great old game, but I can not recommend getting it on steam because it is missing the expansions.
 

Agent51950
173 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
Childhood memories.
But as players say, “ no Armageddon Blade, no Shadow of Death.” This isn’t a completed version of the HOMM III.
Not worth of its offering price at all, you can have a completed one of this game on GOG with DRM free!
If it isn’t on steam, and I am not a game collector, I wouldn’t have brought it by any chance.

Scarlet’s Score: this version doesn’t deserve a score
 

💄🍒未來ちゃん🍇🌺
849 products in account
0
106 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
23.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
I really looked forward to this only thing I cared about was a fixed multiplayer but it is ♥♥♥♥ me and my friends have tried to launch multiplayer many times now and so far it has worked maybe 1/50 times, been trying to get a multiplayer going for the last 1.5 hours now with no succses. I don't even care that it is without the expansion and the random generated map. If only the multiplayer did work I would be happy. But it does not. Stay away from this useless version.
 

Emil.Eng
120 products in account
1
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
108.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2017
This game is great, and I am seriously glad I discovered this series of strategy games, but like most other said this remake is a pathetic and expensive turd.

I checked myself, and on other stores you can get - for almost half the price - *the complete version* with all the addons (DLC's) included. You can then install the mods you desire, including the HD one, and the problem is fixed. Mods are not supported in this version, at present. Some modding tools are still compatible (tried myself), but most graphical ones are not - so modding is also very limited not just in the sense you cannot add existing mods but also that you can hardly make ones yourself.

I am sad that this HD edition is such a mess, as I could have enjoyed it many times more if it had been crafted by expert and loving hands - instead it is a money-grabbing remake orchestrated by Ubisoft. Ubisoft, one of the ultimate cash milking machines of our time.
 

Iohannes Bononiensis
148 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2015
Okay, I'm a very very Heroes 3 fan, I mean look at my icon ITS MONERE. And guess what's not included with the HD remake, oh I don't know.. MAYBE MONERE'S TOWN?!

Cons FOR ITS PRICE:
66% of campaign content.
1 Less faction
Less artifacts
Less Heroes
If they do release the expansions, they'll probably charge for them too. I would really hate that

Pros:
Play it on a tablet!
Screen is nicer than the HD edition, but its not a big difference
Steam multiplayer is easier to configure

Meh:
New sprites but same amount of animated frames, so not actually smoother visually because its still choppy.
Same framerate cap meaning, not really a bad thing, but its not a good thing either.
Achievements on steam?
Doesnt work well with mods, I group this is meh, because many people don't know of the mods for the game, but there are some pretty awesome ones out there that can make the game even more fun which is kind of scary, because this game is amazing already.

I'm not being biased because the conflux isn't in the game, what I am upset over, is that its more expensive for less content, and it's not just a little bit of content, it is actually about 50% content missing in comparison to the Complete version on GoG. I'm saying about 50% because if you play all the campaigns and every campaign is approximately 3 maps, you have 18 maps, with the expansions theres another 13 campaigns for 39 maps and you even get an extra town, see why its 50%? Heck, it's even more, I'm just being generous. On top of that for single scenario allows random generated maps, which make multiplyaer fun. Without random generated single scenarios multiplayer because different because you have to choose a premade map, that one of your friends know like the back of their hand and it creates unfair advantage.


Now, for what the HD edition does offer some screen size changes and whether or not you want it on fullscreen or not, but the hd mod covers that, the only good thing is everything technically being stretched which makes the game more comfortable. I guess this does support tablet play which is nice on the go, I would play this on a tablet, but even then the expansions could have been released because its just more space at that point. Space on a tablet isnt an issue considering modern storage devices. The sprites are new and fresh in order to preserve the appeal to the game which is fine, its not amazing because the animations arent more fluid but I am impressed in how they buffered things without making them look like a different game. I guess steam makes multiplayer better, but you dont play with random people ever, this is a game of friends and betrayal and jolly cooperation.
 

DevelopedX
616 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
The best of the HoMM party.
But this version is a money grabber by ubisoft, full of bugs, and coop is unplayeble....
 

feral.Kaddahn
438 products in account
1
94 people found this review helpful
217 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
277.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2016
The original Low Definition graphics left something to the imagination.
This is like getting glasses and finding out your girlfriend is actually a 6/10
 

Jeff
29 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
37.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2015
Where the hell are the expansion packs? Come on guys, that was a major, major let down.
 

Anonnymoose™
173 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2017
"There is no random map generator because we lost the source code."
-Ubisoft

Well, at least this time they didn't purposedly downgrade their sh!t. 5/5 company.
 

karhu
278 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2018
Do we need to wait until 2030 until the complete edition is HD?
 

OtzHero
143 products in account
1
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2019
I liked the original game, but what made it better than every other version of HoMM was the random map generator. That is missing in this release. Amazing fail. If all you want is the limited maps and campaigns originally released, then fine. If you were hoping for the replayability of the original game through the random maps, don't bother. Go get it on GoG. At least that one has all the features.
 

Grommley
405 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2018
Greatest Heroes of all times and the HD edition is simply... trash!
Positive: It looks better for sure
Negative: Heroes 3 Compleete edition with the two expansions offers way more the most important part: The by far BEST random map generator i've ever seen in any game!

Without the Map gen missing Race artifacts heroes and two campains just get the old version as compleete and you'll have way more content!
 

[ELRA]Caiis
293 products in account
0
79 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
Would play this game all the time with my family and friends. Had such high hopes for it, but, with missing both expansions, I have to say this is a scam for your money. The missing random map generator is the biggest disapointment. Don't spend your money on this!
 

Ironed Tarkus
278 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
82.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
The might and magic series is one of my all time favorites so believe me when I say this: don't buy this game on steam. The steam version does not include either of the expansions for the game. This means there is no Conflux faction, no random maps, and only the Restoration of Erathia campaign. If you want to get this game (and I recommend this game to anyone interested in the turn based strategy genre) use GOG galaxy: they have the full version of the game.
 

a scottish asian
57 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2017
Overpriced mod with some minor graphical polish and no further support from Ubi. The achievements (if you are into collecting them) are a joke.
Better grab old version with fan mods, at very least you'll have expansion packs or wait for some serious sale.
 

Osama Bin Laggin
612 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2016
Using the HD mod on Complete Edition is much better.
 

MarineSloth
512 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 5
It's about 25 years old but still among the best games
 

jockeleijon
136 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
93.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2019
No DLC’s, mods nor support for them.
 

dbvel
345 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2019
No DLC included for some reason.
 

HUMAD
409 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2015
just ubisoft....
Don't buy the game don't support this kind of scam.
really you dare to ask 15 euros for an incomplete version of an old game pfffff
 

[GaNL] Maximumkebap
97 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2019
Don't bother with this HD edition, just get the complete edition
 

Vlλd
48 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2017
Pros -

Multiplayer is very easy to get up and running (no fiddling around with port forwarding like in GOG versions)

The HD setting works beautifully, even on a large monitor (especially compared to GOG/HD+ version which can leave graying out)

Cons -

Lack of expansions. Seriously impacts replayability (fewer maps, no map generator, missing town)
 

Cuckleberry Finn
61 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2016
The improved graphics look noticeably sharper! Also it is great to be able to use the steam overlay while playing:) Definitely worth picking up on sale for $4

I was in my 20's when I figured out a Gorgon was actually just another name for Medusa and not a green bull with really bad breath. I also still want to define several as 5-9.
 

Kassmia
1,319 products in account
3
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2018
If you have played the original version of this game way back when and are worried by the negative reviews, don't be - as far as I can tell it's exactly the same Heroes III in all it's glory! So if you love the original as I do you'll love this. The graphics are enhanced for HD, it looks great on my 1080p laptop..

The only thing I would criticise is the lack of cloud saving that most other Steam games seem to offer these days, I had a sly game of this at work the other day and was a bit gutted when I didn't find it in my load game folder on my laptop at home - surely it would be quite easy to implement?
 

roscop5000
34 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2015
In a words, I am very dispointted with it.

The reasons are:

1. Note that this is the original HEROS3, no expensions are included. I am expecting a full experience in HD of the Heros. But a lot of the features are missing.
2. It feels very lagging, searously. I believe it is not THAT HD that byond my rig. It just need patching and fix.
3. No random map, no hotkey. It may overlapping with the first point. But Really????? Seriously???
4.Multiplay never works. Maybe it is not integrated well into steam yet.

Let's just see what THE UBISOFT who have destroyed the Assissins' creed with it's overgrew commercial ambitions would do next.

So far I don't sugget to buy this game.
 

Wolymoon
284 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
NO expansion packs , NO map generator
 

[M]@rek™
52 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
59.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2021
Get the GoG version + hd mod instead of this. This version one is missing the expansions. It's like WC3 without The Frozen Throne.
 

Pupo
645 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 13
Does not come with any of the expansions and the HD models look like ♥♥♥♥ , get HoMM3 Complete Edition instead and the unofficial Horns of the Abyss expansion.
 

Küpsise Krusaader
44 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 6
good work went into making the game high def but i'd definitely choose the original version which works best with HD+ and HOTA mods. i grabbed this just for the sake of having it. you'd rather go get the complete gog version - which is the original including all expansions (and random map generator!!!), and then apply the HD+ and HOTA. you're welcome.

and the music is a delight.
 

Scarlet Red
528 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2017
5/10 - HD version that I prefer for multiplayer.

HD textures looks good mostly and has old and gold feeling...

BUT

- No RMG (Random map generator) => Replay value for skirmish maps is low. Map editor is included however.
- Gameplay feels a little cluncky sometimes
- No expansion packs included

I enjoy playing this version because it allows me to play online with my friends pretty easy but I wouldn't recommend this with original price to anyone. Go to gog.com and buy original game with expansions and download HD mod if you want to. The game itself is gold and I really appreciate the detail that has been done for the textures.
 

vmville
246 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
255.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 9, 2017
Played 200 plus hours, gained all the achievements. I do not recommend buying the HD edition but instead and buy the complete edition its way better and you really shouldn't care about the graphics for this kind of game.  Steam doesn't sell the complete edition, I've bought this one on sale at steam and realized that my cd copy had way more content because it has 2 other expansions which add a lot of cool content.  Try GOG for the best experience.

Again this HD edition is cool to have, and I enjoyed it 200 plus hours, but I wish they had the other two expansions now.  Anywhere else you can get 200 hours of entertainment for less then $10.00 let me know.
 

Evilmasteryoda
848 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
No random map generator, a whole faction missing, both Dlcs are not available, because of what? To release the DLCs again for another charge of money? That was a really terrible choice Ubisoft has made.
I wanted to play this game with some friends and now we don't have the random map generator, thanks a lot!

I can't recommend this game to anyone, just buy the Heroes III Complete Edition somewhere, it's obviously the better choice.
 

De_Fhaalen
515 products in account
2
39 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2016
You know, what you need 2 do- go to GOG.com and buy freaking gold edition. I mean this game is f*cking bannanas. F u, Ubisoft!
#makehommgreatagain
 

Gareth_Berne
111 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2017
The HD remake of this epic game is an execelent idea. But, if you are thinking that you will buy this game to play the full game, you better forget about that. The fact that the company do not released the full game is the only drawback that compromises the work done here. In my case, I can't play this game without the expansions, they add so much to the game playability. It's really sad that it's incomplete.
 

Tao Pai Pai
193 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
79.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
Product received for free

After completing vanilla campaign I updated this review
Would I recommend this "Remaster"? - NO NO NO NO

2k17 Still no DLC, no chronices (those DLC add TONS of content, specialy maps)
Developer isn't interesting in developing this game... It seems that HoMM3 will be forgotten for ages...
BUT on gog.com (Good Old Games) You can buy original HoMM3 (and rest games from this series), I paid for it 13zł(3$, On sale, normaly 10$ (It is Complete edition) and you can even buy chronices.
BUY IT ON GOG. (this version DON'T have HD, but our Russian Friends found solution! https://sites.google.com/site/heroes3hd/eng/description ,u can even install mods on it!!!

Some tips for new players...
-Don't use spells that couses damage, debuffs are MUCH stronger...
-Might>Magic
-The MOST op spells (even for Might) : Slow, Town Portal, Use them only if u have Earth Magic
-Spending day in castle restore not 1mp but 100% of your max.
-Solmyr from Tower(?) have great for early game -chain lightning TRY TO NOT KILL YOURSELF

Old review

"REMASTER"
NO DLC
NO CHRONICLES

DO NOT BUY

I played original HOMM 3 with DLC's and chronicles .... I am 15 I LOVED HOMM 3 then 4..5..6..7.
The higher number=worse game

PS:DLC add tons of content 2 DLC = 5 time more maps.
In polish description there is bug "formacir" should be"formacie"





PS:Sorry for my ortography
 

Hubsik
267 products in account
3
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2019
Product refunded

get the complete edition from gog
 

behold_IDDQD
74 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
223.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2021
Need more maps
 

pennyS
5 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2016
Awful graphics. Worse framerate. Not all expansions included.

Get 'Heroes of Might and Magic III - Complete' edition with the free HD patch instead !! ..
 

Towoo
66 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2019
This game is my childhood. It never gets old, the nostalgia made me buy it and play it some times.
Tho it is not worth 15€ without the expansions, if you buy it in sells price you get a very good turn based strategy/rpg game, there is -75% right now going so i sugest to get it at that price.
The multiplayer is a bit slow imo. This and divinity 2 are the only turn based games i love. Not a fan of turn based combat.
 

Lordie
235 products in account
0
67 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
Wow, this is quite possibly the laziest, money grubbing re-release I've ever seen. I say money grubbing because the motivations behind rereleasing this very popular older game were NOT based on nostalgia or undertaken by anybody who cared about the game in the least. This game is NOT HD, there has been no effort in updating the graphics, and they did NOT release the complete edition of the game (meaning they want to grub more money for expansions later).

This level of laziness and general disregard for the consumer in this re-released title should not go unnoticed. Whoever was in charge of releasing this game should be fired.


TLDR: Sh!tty company releases update of game that is worse than the original. Do not buy and I want a refund.
 

Desperato
159 products in account
0
71 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
View Earth/Air lags like hell even in 800x600 mode, I usually play with 2560x1440.
Dimension Door doesn't let you always teleport to the end of the screen.
Random various lags, especially when scrolling around.
Space doesn't seem to retake water wheels, windmills, creature dwellings etc (tried like every button on my keyboard so feels like this is removed. Because of this scouting hero might get stuck in teleports and also you lose movement for nothing).
No random scenario option for non-campaign games.

As this version of the game sits, I strongly recommend playing non-HD version of HoMM3, until this works like a charm and expansions are also in HD.
 

Sedien
42 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Heroes 3 has been the only computer game I was plying for the last 10 years or so.
Nothing can compare to it.
So I was really excited to hear about the new version. I barely read the whole news on the site and now suffer the consequences.
Why, ohh why, have you not specifically state that the game is missing the random maps?
Without it, the game can be played for a few days and thrown away.

UBI, if you for some unknown reason care about the fans of this game and care about the reviews, that others read before buying, release the random map generator asap or all the many you've spent on development will be wasted!
 

dkras
2 products in account
2
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2017
Not worth it. Heroes III is one of the greatest strategy games ever, but this is a dreadful remake. The HD graphics look tacky and jarring, many of the animations have frames out of alignment, and only the base game is included.

Buy HOMM III Complete from GOG for a couple of bucks and install the HD mod instead (which is fantastic and free).

Seriously, do it. The actual game is phenomenal. Just don't buy this abysmal excuse for a remake.
 

nixie, partly stars
365 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2020
Honestly Heroes 3 Complete edition is a way better purchase than this. The HD content barely makes any difference and it doesn't make up for the missing content of the 2 expansion packs.
You are probably better off with Heroes 3 Complete + HD MOD. If the game is not on sale it is even cheaper.

The removal of the original creators from the credits and swapping the 3DO logo to Ubisoft is just a cherry on top of this cake.
I picked this up for 3$ which is better than the original price of 15 but I'm still regretting it.
 

mz/x
174 products in account
0
55 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2015
I'm was super excited to see this game being brought to Steam purely for a better Multipayer experience! I was however extremely dissapointed that there are no origional expansions, 'Shadow of Death' and 'Armageddons Blade' included in this release! I'm left asking myself the questions: Why on earth did I buy my favorite game of all time in the first place!? I bought the iPad version of the game as well which I think is brilliant because its so portable but it does crash a lot!!! I would like to see the expansions included otherwise what is the point?
 

ExistentAtrophy
26 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2020
Classic. Unfortunately without expansions
 

NeiThan
30 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2021
Buy the original Heroes 3 and the DLCs instead of this. I bought mine through GOG.
 

HePe
43 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2020
Too much missing. Get the complete edition on GOG
 

Latrommi84
32 products in account
0
133 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
The worst remake ever. No DLC, buggy, even the HD remake graphic is terrible. I'm not even sure which one am I looking at.
 

Füfski
32 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2020
No random map, no expansions. Sad life.
 

Thorn
574 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
-install the game
-launch it
-see the same 1999 menu
-see the lack of add-on
-see the lack of faction
-see the lack of random map generator
-take a break
-go outside
-beat a random lamp post
-yell some combination of F word & Ubisoft
-go back inside
-exit the game
-uninstall
-go back to the no-HD edition
-have fun

Anyway, thanks Ubicrap, best "Money Grabber Simulator" available atm.
 

DAMN MAYFLIES
221 products in account
1
94 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
This game is Heroes 3 only with no expansions and som slight graphical changes, that looks pretty sweet atleast. The problem is that it is only the original game which makes it not worth it really. I am however convinced that adding the 2 expansions will revive this game to it´s fullest.

The only problem is that there seems to be some sort of issue with the graphic engine and HD that makes the fps drop at times but it isn´t something that bothers me, it doesn´t happen very often.

Unfortunantly it wouldn´t surprise me if ubisoft throw in the other dlcs with super "HD graphics" for another 14 euro each, cause thats the only reason splitting this game up like this, to milk as much money as possible, right?

To summary this I would first like to point out that I really like the game a lot but considering the dlcs are missing and there is no random map generator it´s just Heroes 3, but less. Also the high price tag makes it a goof and even less worth it.

Edit: To be honest the only reason I am playing this is since I already wasted 15 euro on it so I might aswell "get my moneys worth" out of it. You really should consider the old version instead.
 

outfielderalbert
51 products in account
5
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2016
I want to recommend this, but I can't support an incomplete game. It's lacking Shadow of Death and Armageddon's Blade. Should Ubisoft ever decide to truly restore my favourite childhood game, I'll change my tune.

Save yourself some disapointment on your nostalgia and pick up Heroes III Complete elsewhere.

That's not to say its not a great game though. Still love playing it, even compared to HoMMV.
 

Loli-Kael
234 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2017
Pros:
- It's easy to create a multiplayer online game compared to the old version (you don't have to instal Game Ranger or Hamachi)
- Looks a bit better than the original version.

Cons:
- NO EXPANSIONS. It's the biggest issue this game has.
- There are some bugs that the original game didn't have.
- Some keyboard shortcuts not work.

Don't buy it on steam, just buy normal version somewhere else and instal free HD Mod, it's much better. And cheaper.
I bought it just for the achievements because i'm achievements ♥♥♥♥♥ xD
 

Myfon
299 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
I was expecting a LOT more from this game. Yes, it is the same old game we all loved.

However, the "so called" HD was not implemented everywhere. In fact, it was ONLY put in town and in the fights. The graphics on the minimap are really bad (squares all over). Not worth the money they are asking for. I wish I could get a refund!

Unless you are a hardcore fan, skip this one and save for the latests (Heroes 6 is awesome and well worth the money for example).
 

Mysterys
173 products in account
1
128 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
I am not sure what's worse, GTA5 PC being delayed or this HD remake turning out such a lame work.

Let me guess, Ubisoft will sell the expansions as DLC at 11.99$ each.
 

hailsatyr
152 products in account
3
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2017
No expansions, conflux or random map generator. skunks behind.
 

chillpill
93 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2016
1. There already is a free (!) HD edition
2. One that includes all the expansions and 3.5 mod with new content

This game features none of the above.
 

Orion
102 products in account
4
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2018
Great game in HD edition, but 2 bad that the expasnions are missing.

Pros:
-HD Graphic

Cons:
-Missing expansions
 

Slayer
102 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2015
I really looked forward with great anticipation to this HD re-vamped edition of Heroes of Might & Magic 3.

Pros:
The graphics have been enhanced and look good in 3D
The sound has been cleaned up

Cons:
Half the game is just missing
For some reason known only to the developer they have "tweaked" the game balance totally making a hash up of it and removing all enjoyment from playing the game

Rating -3 / 10
 

tomahawkza
729 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
200.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2018
One of the best TBS of all time and a childhood favorite that still stands up today - but it blows my mind that such an old game isnt complete... why Ubisoft?

Do the right thing; release the expansions for no extra cost (even if you dont remaster the graphics, though there's really no excuse as you've already done 80%+ of the work)
 

Ed
289 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
83.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 7, 2015
I was nudged in the direction of writing a review thanks to a friend of mine (shoutout Ztanz) as i touched certain aspects which wasn't typically mentioned by others.

I don't recommend people this specific product. I do recommend Homm3 in general. However, This version IS to be recommended to people that's never been playing Homm3 before, as it offers a smooth experience with multiplayer (a broader community as Gameranger is hosting different versions of the game which may or may NOT be compatible with the one you have) and it, obviously, got some nice edges to it. If you loved the older graphics, it's still available with the push of a button.

This "review" will mention some features which is "hidden", both positive and negative.

-This version offers a stable type of multiplayer solution imbedded in the game. When you enter the lobby, the game will prompt you to open 3 specific ports. This isn't necessarily required, as i've personally played several games via the games own MP function with friends which hasn't touched the ports/their router.

-This version is actually having a very stable MP solution, and we've never experienced any DROPS in connection from any party while playing (3 people on different locations with solid Nordic internet provider)

-The graphic is actually showing more than "just boosted sprites" when you look at certain features such as faces on heroes and creatures. Half of them look ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ insane due to insane-staring-eyes, but sharper edges makes things look pleasant.

-The map editor in this is poor, more so for the lack of the well-loved obstacle brush which is available in the "complete" version which includes the expansions. I was told by a kind and well-informed gentleman in the community forum here on steam that the complete version map-editor actually is compatible with this product here on steam IF you during map editing in the other version ENABLE restoration of erathia as compatible - the map editor itself should help you out with verifying that in it's embedded tools.
-The map editor IS functioning if you still want to create some more intense, smaller maps, however, which is a pleasant surprise to me

-Streaming the game works great, and it's nothing to it. Very easy and smooth. Also a recommendation to stream for your friends while you play to allow for more fun during the turns.

Again - i can't recommend someone pay 15 bucks for this game if you somehow already have a functioning version of it available, and if you're a veteran and tired of the vanilla. BUT i can recommend it for reasons presented above.

On a sidenote: I suspect that we might actually see the other expansions delievered to us in a future, for free or for a few dollaz, from Ubisoft. The lost sourcecode is probably not even true.
Second sidenote: I own 3 different setups of the game, and i've lost countless others. My gametime must be 2000+
 

Scrotumfiddler Phil
170 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
363.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2016
Great game, brings me back to all of the sleepness nights i had trying to kill the last enemy town or find that pesky grail. After 16 years and not being able to run it, it's great to be able to play my favourite heroes game again.
 

Rabbi Krusty
531 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2019
Can't purchase downgraded units, missing expansions, no random maps.
Get the same game on gog for 1/3 the price with all expansions.

Update: After playing 10 hours i found the graphics update to be rather off putting, the "better" graphics dont fit well in the game. It would have been better to release the origional with the origional graphics. Also where is the love for HOMM2 and HOMM4? why not release these two games with expansions as well?

Edited - enabled comments not sure why it was disabled.
 

Squarishlink
233 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2019
This game is a epic classic, but without RANDOM map generator and the expansions its just a vague copy of itself. I totally agree that the product is unfinished and there is no pleasure in playing the limited amount of boring maps!
 

vinny_
28 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2017
Childhood The Game.
Now with less expansions
 

Talon
91 products in account
0
91 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
18.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
no expansions, get a better deal on GoG.com and download HD texture mod.
Ubiscam
 

Stick
160 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2020
this might be an old game but its a very very good one
 

destuctor1
20 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
213.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2016
Me and my friends had issues with getting the network working for the original HoMM3 complete edition, so we thought the steam version might work better. Without even opening ports in the router, it just worked flawlessly like magic.
Start the game, Choose Multiplayer, Online then just invite and it's working.

If the original Heroes could work this easy, or if the mods somehow could alter the networking to work even nearly this easy, I would switch in a heartbeat!

Because the HD, to me who is used to the old style, is crap. The Pikemen looks like they've got a helmet way to big for their head.
I switch down from HD to Original "low" quality at start always.

So if you're interested in the HD edition or just want a legal copy of HoMM3. Just download the HD mod online or buy the game on gog.com.
If you want the game to work with friends online without having to use a lot of networking fixes and knowledge, then this game is for you.
 

Steelware
224 products in account
2
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
186.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2016
I am a real Heroes of Might and Magic fan I've played it since game 1 and I can say that this game is pretty sad.
here is a short essay about what is wrong with this game.


the fact that they removed certain traits to creatures which were made in the first place to balance the weaknesses and strengths of certain castles is sad.

{ I am talking about how in the original heroes 3 Dragon flies ALWAYS applied the spell Weakness, and zombies applied Dirt on enemies which they attackes)

this practically makes the Swamp Castle very weak in comparison to the other castles you can pick.

the other letdowns are the fact that there is no DLC.

why is that a letdown? well that is because the DLC contains the 2 things which makes this 1 of the best playable game in it's genre.

I'm talking about the Map generator tool, and the Campaign Editor. those 2 features literally have taken about 1000 hours from my life so far, since it is never-ending.

th other fact is that the DLC holds the last playable castle type- Conflux. which is the STRONGEST mage-castle in the game, it's far stronger than the Wizards limited Magic possibilities.

also the fact that about 2/3rd of the random Artifacts trigger the event ''a leprechaun offers you to buy this item for bla bla bla bla'' makes it kinda boring.

there used to be about 25/35 different triggers on random artifacts {if it weren't more) on the map.

also, if they lost the data for the DLC, is it then really that hard to buy another copy of the full edition for 10$ and extract the data from a regular game again? or is that too much effort for them?

leaving that all aside, you can see though that they reworked it a bit but it really is not worth the money.


overall, i'd recommend people to buy the original full version, as that one has much more possibilites than this one.

the map editor is still pretty fun though.
 

Maverickd (Warmonger)
207 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2017
Just get the Full Version on GOG, it's 100% better than this bad HD remake.
 

InfernalGate
1,433 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
74.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2020
Missing random map generator, and the expansion packs, most of the scenarios are so boring and drain the fun ou
 

PerunaKeisari
74 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2019
dont buy. go on gog and buy normal version with expansions. 10000% better than this ♥♥♥♥
 

Oblivion
166 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
103.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
It's a great HD remake of a game I used to play a lot.

The expansions (Armageddon blade and shadow of death) are not included and it seems they won't be added soon or at all. Ubisoft claims the source code is gone/unusable. Personally I believe that a serious company such as Ubisoft should be able to think outside of the box and find a workaround. If enough people agree with me, maybe they will think it's worth it and they will find a way.

Conclusion: great game. Worth they money
Especially for playing with friends
 

Cageman
188 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
208.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2020
I have been playing this game for around 25 years. It is still a guilty pleasure. An updated HD version of my favorite game ever. It is a resource management game and it requires a certain amount of strategy. I love the game. Thanks.
 

Danimal
19 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
330.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2019
The best game ever made. Have been playing for almost 20 years and still not over it.
 

PerfectPrincess
8 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
I cannot believe I am giving HoM&M III a negative rating

It's complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and 100% false advertising, and to top it off it's missing the expansion packs. Absolute waste of anyone's time and money
 

√El Demilichdor²
77 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2021
I was pissed off when I realized this wasn't the full version of the game. Get the gog version
 

Codeman785
243 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2020
One of the best games ever.
 

RedOctober
86 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
The game itself is a legend, just shame that the HD edition is missing DLCs
 

Kissanvillasukka
165 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
164.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2015
Screw all the reviews this is a good game, and I had no glitches my entire time played. I use Windows 10 on all my computers. Is it Heroes 3 the original? No just a little bit, I played HOMM on Dosbox for so many years even when they came out for dos… I played 1-6 the last few weeks mostly not on Steam and it is like a simplified version of most of them. Is it a good game though? Yes I enjoy it very much and found it to be like the 3rd one but with many changes. If you go to play this and think it will be 3 only you won’t have a good experience playing it, but if you’re open minded and like the Heroes of Might and Magic Franchise then you will probably like the game but don’t expect to be playing the exact original. Skip the intro video XD I had no lag no errors my whole time playing on my 60” TV

It should have been called “Heroes of Might and Magic 3 ½ HD” or something like that which is different
I would not buy it for full price, but it is 75% off and will probably be its cheapest until Christmas

7.5/10

Could be better… but could be worst
But I’m going to play it for the next few weeks because it is fun
 

Lemon Skunky
1,208 products in account
1
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2017
I bought this game, because it's one of my favorites from my childhood. While the game itself is as good as ever, there's no expansions. There is absolutely no reason NOT to include expansions in this game. Hell, GOG-version has got expansions by default, you don't even need to install them separately, they're basically integrated in game. I remember Ubisoft saying something that they CAN'T add expansions for whatever reason, I'm not going to dig up the source for that.

Like I said, the game itself is the same masterpiece as in 90s, but PLEASE, don't buy it here, buy it from GOG.com instead. They've got 100% everything from the game. Well, not HD but to be honest, it's not necessary and what I understan, there is some kind of HD mod if you really need it. For me, it wasn't HD and will never be (I toggled it off while playing this HD-version).
 

PekkaKana2
1,153 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2016
1. Price is too high for an ancient game like this. In the Wake of Gods are far better free mod from fans.
2. This is only Erathia. No SoD included.
3. No "random map generator". Like, at all, you just dont have that option in game.
4. There are HD mode for free wich adds even more HD than that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
 

DAINBOW RASH
118 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
18.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2019
Product received for free

Happy to see my childhood have been renewed!

Pro's: Graphics updated.

Con's: No new maps, Not complete edition, Singe scenario map creator changed.

I don't know how this game ended up in my library but it did.
 

halal slagteren
102 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
771.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2018
This is a timelessly entertaining turn based strategy. I enjoy the HD remake, however I wish the expansions would also become available for this version. I enjoy the fact that multiplayer is supported through Steam, however it would nice to be able to play custom built maps through the editor that is available. Though I play on PC, a Mac compatible version would be helpful for other people who also want to play this gem. Still my absolute favorite Might and Magic game. I am glad there are large communities now that make finding people to play with a lot easier than it used to be.
 

dumdedums
63 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2016
Shame on me for not reading reviews before buying. Lacks the expansion (Armageddon's Blade) - don't bother with this.
 

atagar
60 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
136.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2016
Game looks amazing, still enjoy playing after all these years. Is there going to be an HD update for armageddons blade and Shadow of death DLC's?
 

hillstc86
7 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2018
THE DLC IS MISSING. YOU'RE NOT EVEN PAYING FOR ALL OF HEROS 3 DO NOT BUY!
 

Sick Puppy
469 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2018
Where the **** is the DLC?? Seriously! AoM got new frikkin content when it came to Steam, but Heroes is just out here alone? Give me my dang expansions! I still love the game, but COME ON!!!!
 

Sylver_Streak
116 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
129.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2020
Played this back in the day, now playing it with my 9 year old son :)
 

Gaz
65 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
163.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2017
Nice way to play this old game. Even if I miss the expansions.
 

Darkhill
25 products in account
3
38 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
100.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2015
The basic game, no expansions and NOT worth the money for some fancier graphics.
The only game I've bought on steam where I felt I've been utterly decieved, and would've loved to refund back then.

My only recommendation is to stay away from this HD remake, and pick up the complete edition somewhere else.
 

Miss Ironblade
516 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2018
My favorite game when I was a kid, a beauty and a joy to play it now in HD, even with a few shortcomings. Too bad Ubisoft is not planning to make HD versions of Armageddon's Blade, Shadow of Death and particularly the Chronicles series...
 

GrimTalin
533 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2019
Important Information first:

This game does NOT include the RANDOM MAP GENERATOR. -> can be fixed in some cases, see information below!
Also it is missing the expansions. -> can not be fixed

Rest is the game you know from years ago.

FIXING THE MISSING RANDOM MAP GENERATOR

There is a mod to fix the problem with the random map generator, i've tested it and it works fine!

https://steamcommunity.com/groups/MMH3#announcements/detail/208624761268122072

also see

https://steamcommunity.com/app/297000/discussions/0/604941528477645870/?l=german

Additionally a random map archive:


YouTube™ Video: Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia - Семена недовольства: Независимость 
Views: 225
Seeds of Discontent: Independence


GGHF guys!
 

Kuldahar
124 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2018
If I had not gotten this practically free due to a bundle with HoMM5 I wouldn't have bothered, as you can get the complete edition on GoG and just get an HD download. However, since I got it for basically nothing...

I've been playing Heroes of Might & Magic III for 18 years, so I feel like I can give an accurate assessment of this HD edition. In short, this is an awful excuse for an "HD Edition". Here's a list of problems I've noticed just in playing for around an hour and a half:

I always play at medium combat speed. Setting the combat speed to medium is supposed to set all aspects of combat to medium, including spells and effects. However, spells and effects remained on "low" speed, causing combat to feel like it was lagging whenever a spell was cast, or using a first aid tent. This is very jarring and started to cause a strain on my eyes during combat. I had to turn on my FPS counter because the game just wasn't running smoothly. Everything looked really janky, and the framerate hovered around 35 fps (?!)

HD textures are not entirely consistent, and some objects look like they were overlooked entirely. Trying to load a new game while currently playing a game takes you to the main menu for some reason, even though the main menu button is right next to it. Seriously? Not to mention that large parts of the game are absent due to the "source code being lost".

There are more problems with this version, but you get the picture.

If you like turn based strategy games, the Complete edition truly stands the test of time, just don't buy this one.
 

Jael
353 products in account
2
17 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
BEFORE YOU JUDGE, READ! Thank you :)

I have been reading quite some reviews now, and as far as i can see, none of them recommends this game. I can agree with most of them, since i am a HUGE Heroes 3 fan, I have played it for as long as I can remember, and it's a shame to se content lost. For example the random map generator that everybody loves, and just admit it, it could not have been hard to just add it. But I have also read alot of reviews saying that there is a lot of bugs and clitches, but me and two of my friends have been playing for some hours and no one of us has experienced that, the game itself runs flawless, over the internet.

Though it's true that I prefer the gameplay of Heroes 3 Complete I think that this is a step in the right direction. I highly recommend this for people who havn't played the game before, and I do enjoy the graphical changes. What I really hope for is that Ubisoft can see all these reviews and add all the features that we all miss, and add the expansions for free, and they will se many of those red thumbs turn green.

But just remeber, doing this was better then doing nothing, because going via Steam secures a future for the game.
 

Jason Funderberker
79 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2019
really disappointed that there is no random map generator. was the only reason i bought it... please add that
 

guatalupe
73 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2017
Possibly the best strategy game of all time.
 

BallsLeon
172 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2021
It's a classic that holds up very well. Biggest gripe is that it's not the complete edition... Really hoping that they release that sometime soon and make this whole thing a package.
 

TheSiwwywabbit
224 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 29, 2016
The two expansions are not included which is a let down. And the price is too high.
 

grams
67 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2016
I was very disappointed to realise that it wasn't complete I could have bought the complete version on another website for less than the hd edition
 

juwoon80
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 21
Sadly, this is not Heroes of Might and Magic III Complete edition, which is the only one I had played back in the day. Made the mistake of buying this game before I noticed all the good things were missing, 1st and foremost being the customizable maps in hotseat mode and all the other customizable options that came with it. Don't waste your money, it's just a so so shinyfication of the poor version of the actual good edition.
 

dariusacmar
14 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2017
Heroes of Might & Magic 3 is a classic game and the reason why i bought it was for the Nostalic value, not that it was HD, but for the fact that i was now able to play the game once again.

Im really glad to see this game on Steam and my only Con for this game is that the DLC are not available.. :(

Side note: The achievements were fine but i would have liked some specific achievements
 

Hipsterfred
57 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
126.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2017
Good for what it is, which is the original game in HD without the expansions. After I bought this game I then bought the HOMM 3 Complete through GOG.com which does have the expansions and the Map Generator. Also you can downlad mods on the GOG version, such as those found at http://www.hommdb.com/guides/homm-3-mod-guide/
 

graxstar
62 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
81.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2021
Do. Not. Buy.
I bought this game for the simple nostalgia factor only to be disappointed by the lack of content it has after a while of playing. Don't make the same mistake that I did by buying the game on Steam.
This is only a HD rendition of the base game - there are no DLCs included, yet the game costs €15,00.
You can stretch a good 30+ hours of gameplay from this, but you won't be getting the full experience.

What you can do instead, is buy the game on either GOG or UBISOFT store for LESS MONEY, where the DLCs are included. Then you go ahead and install a fan-made HD mod, which is FREE, although doesn't quite reach the HD quality that the Steam rendition has, but you can tweak the resolution, different sharpness modes and other things.

Links to buy the FULL EDITION and to download the unofficial HD mod:
UBISOFT: https://store.ubi.com/ie/game?pid=575ffd9ba3be1633568b4d8c&dwvar_575ffd9ba3be1633568b4d8c_Platform=pcdl&edition=Complete%20Edition&source=detail
GOG: https://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition
HD MOD: https://sites.google.com/site/heroes3hd/

Note: The Ubisoft's Heroes 3 full edition ONLY works with the unofficial HD mod installed.
 

Greenman
123 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
68.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2017
While it surely looks great, the lack of available expansions is a HUGE miss.

Definitely not worth it.
 

mreyevan
106 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4,893.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2020
been playing this game since like 4th grade (roughly 13 years) never felt the need to try any of the new ones.
 

spicypanda2243
96 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
Sadly it contains only the original game, without the expansions.
 

Age
289 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2017
High nostalgia factor :-) still fun to play :-) BUT... this is ONLY the BASE game :-( if the DLC's (Armageddons Blade & The Shadow of Death) get the HD treatment this game would get the 10/10 rating from me :-)
 

Daydreamer
352 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
41.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2021
Ubisoft somehow managed to mess it up. I had troubles launching it, then the game shuts down for no reason twice in 37 minutes. Not fun anymore. Everything Ubisoft touches becomes unplayable
 

sgmain
117 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2018
Why there is no random map option?
 

Veridisgogh
37 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 19
This is not the Heroes III I was expecting.

As many have said, the GOG version is the one to go for. Especially if you want to have the HotA (Horn of the Abyss) update and enjoy the content coming in from a community of hardcore fans that still support QoL changes to the base game.
 

Kwisatz Haderach
540 products in account
0
97 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Who would have guessed Ubisoft would f*** us over by charging us for the Complete edition and giving us a third of the game...
I almost cried when the New World Computing and 3DO logos didn't come up.
If you're new to the series, this isn't a bad thing to get, however (and this is proven by the many fans who are disappointed) fans of the game should stick with the original disk.
I hope the other parts of this game come out, and we're not charged ridiculous amounts of money for them (but what are the chances of that) all I can say is that if my disk drive was working, I'd be playing this game on the original disk.

This review is the only review I'm pissed off that the Rules and Guidelines prohibit swearing because, despite the fact that the visual change is very nice, (if there wasn't an HD mod available already) I sincerely feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥ over by this.

Update: I'm glad they've now made it clear that it only contains the base game. Doesn't change how they intentionally misled people on release though.
 

7000 Skeletons
207 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2017
Heroes of might and magic 3 is a fantastic game, it's in fact my favorite game of all time. This HD revamp does that justice, however I cannot reccommend this game. Alot of people will mindlessly hate on this revamp because it wasn't what they were expecting. This is Heroes 3 vanilla, with no expansions something people were disappointed with. Ubisoft were very unclear regarding the expansions. Many people including myself were expecting them. Because this is only the vanilla game it's simply not worth the price. If you find this gem on sale, I would highly recommend you purchase it.

TL;DR: It's without expansions and therefore not worth the price. Very good game if you find it on sale.
 

shyaminator
52 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2018
the game is a completely ripped off from content, original game include more maps, random map generator, more units, artefacts, locations etc etc.
Heroes HD edition is literally a scam which ubisoft did to players, if you are wondering to buy heroes hd because you played as kid or teenager --> do not buy this game. on the internet you can buy orginal heroes 3 and you can find mod hd for free, so you can have orginal full game
 

ajuma
72 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
663.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2017
Well this is Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia that meaning it's a early version of the game ,actualy its the first version then there was Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death or SOD (WOG or HOTA are community mods not official content)
-in Armageddon's Blade version there is the random scenario generator ,conflux town and other artefacts , heroes and new campings (this is for those who dont know this) THIS IS MISSING from this curent version sadly
-so there are fewer maps
-the game looks good i guess
-battle seems slow and fps sems to drop and cant set it diferently, probably because of the early version
all in all no need to get frustrated about the missing data , it's still HEROES III ,i love it and i will give it a good review ,glad i suported it and i realy hope that there will be future updates with the rest of the packs Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death ... i hope

i will be editing this while i play more and write down if i finde any bugs
 

ᚨᛚᛖᚲᛊ
173 products in account
5
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2019
I'll recommend this game to others if they are fan of Heroes franchise, But to my expectations this Heroes just remake of Restoration of Erathia in HD. Nothing more. As a top fan of Shadow of Death I'm deeply wounded as there is no crucial parts to Heroes so they are Heroes 3: First - there is no Random Map Generator! Second - there is no My beloved Castle - Elemental!!! even thought elemental units present!!! And Third one there is no 5 artifact slot and Artifact unification!!! Dear DEVS how could you forget these three main features that make Heroes 3 as they are. Due to this facts I'll not recommend this game to anyone who wants play Heroes 3.
 

tivrkoker
174 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
118.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2015
I have to agree with the pros and cons that people have stated here.

Pros

+Its in HD
+Same originality as the original 3DO version
+Mulitplayer support on steam
+ Multiplayer works
+Basically original with added extras

Cons

-None of the addons which make this game expensive unless they give it for free at a later date
-Price (I can buy it new in the shops for £1)
-WoG is a no go
-Not 3DO


Would i recommend this game. Yes to possibly newer players who want to see what the old games used to be like with newer graphics. No to all of the more experienced people unless they include the addons at some point.

How do i rate yes or no? Well i am going from my experience of the game which would be a NO otherwise newbies buy and enjoy our games with better GFX.
 

Keithy1980
248 products in account
4
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
99.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
Stopped working after win 11 upgrade.
 

Jan
5 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
235.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2020
This bring back memories man
 

Un1tr
50 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
149.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2021
Where Heroes 2 lacked in it's faction progression department, unit design and balancing, this game makes up for it in abundance. The factions are mirrored but also expanded with very creative playstyle perseverance, the factions you knew and tinkered with in HOMM2 are here and built upon additionally. Moreover, there are upgrades to every T7 unit, more magic and arguably a much prettier world. I'm still rly upset they didnt carry over the Sylvan faction and dumped phoenixes into Conflux which we dont even get to play in this version of the game.
The reason Heroes 2 still trumps over 3 is the artifact system which didn't really need the change, it was simple and the scaling was really nice. The campaign is another major factor - HOMM3 seemingly not focusing on it as much which is evident by any campaign except Erathia. Also HOMM2 prettier imo.

TLDR - Despite Ubisoft not providing DLC's it's still one of the best turn-based strategy games ever. A close second to HOMM2 in my opinion, it's simple, the replayability is incredible and it's definitely worth the money.
 

Alastar
84 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
73.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2020
its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ good...!
But not this version.
Buy it on gog if you want homm3 and then download the HD+ mod.
I know the HD+ mod site looks skecth cuz russian and all that. But its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gooooood.
 

>:^)
122 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2015
I was hoping for more than a simple reskin of the base version...
Theres already an upgraded engine of the complete edition, that doesnt have the sharper textures of this edition, but features much more polish and refinement, and that for free (google for VCMI)...

Not recommended
 

Akumala
216 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
34.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2017
The game itself is great but HD edition is truly a disappointment. Besides the HD graphics there are no expansions, no random map generators. After playing this for a while I switched to GOG Heroes III complete edition which has all the features mentioned above but without a support for wide screen mode - and it was still better. I really hope we can expect this product to be updated so it would included all features missed out.
 

arneth
1,550 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
56.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
This is one of my all time favorite games. EVER. Being able to play it in HD without a mod is always good and even though this particular version lacks some important features that the original had (especially the random map generator), it's still a perfect game for HoMM3 fans.
 

Genicon
571 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
184.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2020
ive played since it first came out in March 1999 and i still enjoy it to this day. It just never gets old
 

Geekkiller
9 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2021
the best part of the series!
unfortunately without add-on.

and where is Heroes 2 and 4?
 

Zero4ty1
476 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2019
How stupid must a company mangement be and how ♥♥♥♥♥ a developer must be to realese this without atleast the shadow of death....
honnestly such stupidity .... Didnt even know its possible...
Dont buy this garbage.
 

Fefe
62 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
I've had zero problems with the game. At the time of writing I've played two full games of multiplayer and I've yet to notice any of the "many glitches" mentioned here. I knew what I was buying; an HD-edition of the vanilla Heroes 3. Some people still seem to expect content from the expansions, and that puzzles me. Ubisoft was very open about the content you would be purchasing.

If you want the better deal, go buy the complete edition on GoG.com. No question about it. If you, however, want to support the franchise in an attempt to motivate Ubisoft into fleshing out any upcoming titles, then I recommend buying this game. Vanilla Heroes 3 is still fantastic.
 

De Wafls
221 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2017
User experience is not updated at all. I mean it is cool that you updated graphics and multiplayer functionality but the problem is overall gameplay features. For example game is blocked during a sound effect. These tiny things definitely affect the gameplay and can be annoying in the long term. There is a fanmade HD mod that I've been playing for years and it fixes overall UX and gameplay screen is actually widened with more resolution instead of stretching. I expected such an improvement from this HD Edition. It's really strange that Russians were somehow able to greatly improve a closed source game by modding better than a company that has the source codes and resources to do so.
 

based player
42 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2020
A fun strategy game that constantly gives you little decisions about how to maximize you economy, army and heroes. The world is colorful and full of stuff, at times it looks like someone spilled a bowl of Lucky Charms on a fantasy map, but somehow things never feel cluttered.

But a word of warning about the campaigns; the missions are easy at first, and stay easy for a while. But they'll ramp up suddenly in difficulty and when they do you'll hopefully have learned a few tricks along the way about building and maneuvering a strong army.

Overall a great game; my main issue is how much micro-managing that's encouraged. But all that busy-work makes the big, tense battles against enemy doom-stacks that much more epic once you finally get there.
 

Price Slasher
75 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2018
PATCH THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME!

Get the Hero III HD with all expansions, what the ♥♥♥♥ is this ♥♥♥♥????????????????????
 

Bao Jio
76 products in account
1
96 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
This is a waste of money.

I fail to see what's so "HD" about it. Everything looks the same to me. In fact, banners animation on Castle townhall is more smooth in the original. I guess the only "HD" about it is that the game runs on big resolutions and sprites are scaled (and retouched a little) accordingly.

And no addons.

Well - that's not enough. For me at least.

Maybe they'll fix something in update, but I doubt it. I bet they'll rather make another "HD trilogy" or something.
 

xterminal86
624 products in account
2
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
496.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2020
Yeah cool but I wouldn't recommend buying this one if there's a better and complete edition option out there, I'm just running this game while playing the complete edition so it counts how many hours of my life I've spent on this old gold along with Heroes V.
 

Khawatir
229 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
511.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2016
EnG
Legendary game, slightly better graphics than the original, no problems with the multiplayer, and only minus is that no additives 7/10
PL
Legendarna gra, nieco lepsza grafika niż w oryginale , brak problemów z grą wieloosobową , a na minus tylko to , że bez dodatków 7/10
 

GokuZenMasterrOOO- on Twitch ^^
1,496 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2021
I am glad that this game is brought to steam.
 

三花聚顶
38 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
382.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2020
Love it but would like to see more access to maps.
 

dariancrouch
6 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 1
good game.. but hope they make the expansion armagedons blade in hd too
 

<blank>
41 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
52.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2015
You are buying Restauration of Erathia, not SoD. Which means, among others, no random map generator. Which sucks. Not recommended.
 

cireasa
61 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2017
Lacks addons and random map generaion. Better buy from GOG and install HD pack.
 

strartem
34 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
157.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2019
Doesn't have the expansions, still a solid game though (if you want the complete package head over to GoG).
Looks and plays pretty much like the old one. Getting multiplayer up and running is also less of a hassle.

Abuse the necromancy mechanic and end all your friendships, now available in glorious HD.

9/10
 

Doc
634 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Not worth 15 EUR, no workshop, no mod compatibility, no classic DLC's...

Not hating the game as it is my childhood game but the steam version sucks, the only reason I play it is becouse of the Online support, and of course it's HD.. but not worth the money, 6 EUR MAX.

Edit:
I only recommend you this steam version if you realy want to play it in HD and online without many problems. But if you don't mind the graphics just download it for free with all DLC's.
 

UA - chiken carry
171 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2021
The best Heroes of Might & Magic series I have ever played!
Not other might and magic games come close to this.
But I still recommend the gog version compared to steam since gog has complete version of this game which includes expansion sets.
 

AciD RaiN
525 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
40.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I bought it for the multiplayer, but when I open the game up and click on the Multiplayer button the program crashes and I get a windows prompt saying "heroes 3 is not responding, bla bla".

Oh and the support page for this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke(because it's on the ubisoft site). I'mma try asking for my money back and I'll update my review here and tell you how ubisoft decided to handle it.

0/10. DO NOT BUY.
 

Alexander
520 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
129.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2020
Unfortunately its not the full game with all the expansions, you cant download maps to implement in the game either as you can do with physical copy for example (not sure about the GOG version)

You'll get a good HMM3 experience with a decent graphic and a bunch of good maps preinstalled.

hopefully some day everything will be possible with this version as well.
 

SleepyHollowCat
380 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
175.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
they're missing our on quiet a bit of stuffs...
 

Anime Eyes
4 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
378.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2020
Excellent turned based game! Fun for multiplayer or against the AI.
 

Super Nova
70 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2021
Classic
 

LucasXru
429 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2019
HoMM III ''HD''

- HD ugly as ♥♥♥♥ original version looks way better
- No expansion packs
- Ubisoft cashgrab
 

Neskess
299 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
494.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2021
This review will not be on HoMM 3 itself ,as I have ssen a lot of people doing, but rather purely on the HD remake.
It is apparent that a lot of work has been put into this and the graphics are way better than the original HoMM 3 .I did not realise the extent of the difference till i bought the HoMM 3 completed edition which uses the old graphics. The price is a little high as the HoMM completed edition costs 10 euro in GOG. I suggest buying it on sale. It usually has a 75% discount so just wishlist it and buy it when it goes on sale.
Score: 7/10
 

Reap
90 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
168.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2021
Oh the memories.. me and two friends of mine had our first "one pc lanparty" with this game as kids :D Now that i came back to this.. feels awesome to learn the game better. Its hard game, atleast the campaigns for beginner like me, but spending some hours on it helps. Awesome game.
 

A.LeCoq
19 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
83.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2015
**It's only the original game, no expansions**

Pros:
It is HMM integrated in steam with multiplayer.
HD remake looks nice.
As fun and time consuming as it always has been.

Cons:
Only the original game, so missing lots of maps, conflux castle and missing campaigns.
No random map generator.

I would recommend it if you like HMM3 and doesn't consider it expensive. Fun to try in HD.
 

cazpi
134 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
119.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2016
This is a brilliant strategy game, with an excellant story line and game play. Who cares that the graphics aren't as good as other games. The graphics in this version are soooo much better than what they were in the oringinal game. If you are a might and magic fan, then definetely buy the game. Even if you aren't, still get it, it is really fun with friends :D
 

SmellyPits
59 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2018
Ive spend most of my gaming life playing the heros series(stopped at heros 6). As much as i love heros 3 its just no good without the two expansion packs. HD for the 2 expansion packs via dlc would be nice, but what would make my life complete is if you could HD heros 4. I know this is not everyones fav heros game but it is my favorite after heros 2, PLEASE bring back heros 4!!
 

Death_Mule17
271 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
Product refunded

Heroes of Might & Magic III HD Edition is an unfortunate waste of potential. Arguably still the best Heroes game out there the HD edition makes numerous touch-ups to portraits, units and the world map, combined with the ability to run at higher resolutions. This gives the games' timeless graphics an even more refined edge, which is, quite gorgeous. The problem is that the HD edition only spans the original game (Restoration of Erathia) and does not include both sizable expansions and the slew of addition Heroes Chronicles campaigns. The HD edition would have been an excellent opportunity for Ubisoft to bundle all of this content into one package for the first time.

In the end you're simply better off using one of the excellent community HD mods. These allows you to enjoy all of Heroes III in a better resolution without being limited to just the basic game.
 

Broadside
216 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
19.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2018
Best of Heroes of Might & Magic series
 

Sauvan
99 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
68.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2017
Old, but gold!
 

alexlacerdajp
119 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2019
I can't believe I bought this without checking to make sure the map generator was on it. It's like I just lit $15 on fire. Awesome. Thanks!
 

barabbus420
19 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
116.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2017
Been playing since im in secondary school. Can steam do a Complete edition?
 

SuperYuffie
108 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
138.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2020
Childhood Memory
 

Eric
19 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2020
love his game but it missing the addons
 

Avenna
74 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2019
Mhmhmm, and you call that remaster?
Fights and menus with panels to the sides.
You had the chance to fix all the misfortune with all new heroes releases and bring back the best classic, and you leave panels on the sides of menus and fights and town :D
funny and pathetic
 

NitroBlood_BringDaCake
49 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2021
I'm not recommending this only because of the fact that this isn't the "complete edition," which you can get for CHEAPER on GOG. That version, to my knowledge, has better mod support with multiplayer. I highly recommend getting it there.
 

Frogman
203 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,235.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2019
I have played this game for what feels like over a decade, mostly with my family and friends but also in solo mode. I personally love this game. It is a bit lacking when compared to the HoM&M 3 complete edition as the conflux is alot of fun and the random maps is a real blast however this game still makes for a solid purchase as the settings on the complete edition is not as well flushed out. Wish they would update this version with the full features set of the complete edition though... but we all know that wont happen.
 

ExiledBulge
181 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
16.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
People seem to give this bad reviews, but it satisfied me.
I wanted HoMMIII with Steam integration.
This is HoMMIII with Steam integration.
In regards to this only being the vanilla game, I also own it on GOG, and play the VCMI open source engine rewrite of this if I want more, but I was not expecting a ton out of an HD remake of a 16 year old turn based strategy game.
It still has the same mechanics. It's still a time wasting game, in a good way.
I got it for $7.49 which I think is fair.
I do suggest you go buy the full version from GOG if you want the expansions and such, but the vanilla game is still a masterpiece. People complain of bugs, but I haven't experienced any so far. Granted I've only played about 7 hours at the time of writing this review, and haven't even attempted online play yet, but I don't think this game deserves such a bad rep, it's still enjoyable and nostalgic.
I know this isn't a true review, but simply my thoughts on the game and how it compares to the original, but I still think this game was worth my money.
 

dan-kun
892 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
51.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2018
Grew up on this as a kid, really for the amount of hours you can put into this game who cares if it has the old expansions?

I know that sounds slightly bias so hear me out:
Pick it up on sale for $5 or $10. If I played for 10 hours (which I have, not including out of steam) that's $0.50-$1 an hour of play, well worth it if you ask me.

If you like turn-based gameplay with a bit of building/economy and a nice campaign map you should enjoy this :) Also has a map editor I still have my old cd with a bunch of scenarios I made, I remember it being super easy and fun to show my mates for the hotseat session's we used to have.

However in saying all of the above if you really care A LOT about graphics then it probably isn't the game for you, nice for its time though!
 

Zoltonian, Spiller of Blood
1,550 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2017
Heroes® of Might & Magic® III - HD Edition
A game from childhood that I really liked. What does it differ from the old version? Besides it's HD then it's nothing in general. Once again we will be playing as one of the kingdoms. The game features 7 different campaigns, a skirmish mode and a map editor. It also have multiplayer on one computer and networked through Steam. I did not complain because I have a sentiment for this game and I did not saw any major problems or bugs. I had a great time, however, this production does not have any DLC and this is the biggest minus from this refreshed version.
 

★ Bartes ★
1,345 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
249.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2016
Heroes of might & magic 3 HD is literally the base game of heroes 3 without the expansion packs futures versions had. This is mostly due to the creators not being able to get the source code for set expansion packs which sucks.

This game also comes for free with the Complete edition of Might and Magic Heroes 7 which is where some people most likely got it even if set game can be seen as a disappointment. Honestly, it's the same heroes 3 without the extra faction, extra campaigns, extra maps etc. However, it has achievements if people are ever interested in that which I was but that's besides the point.

See this game as a gateway to the complete Heroes 3 experience which can be bought at GOG for $10 USD which is even cheaper then what Ubisoft is asking.

I can recommend this game if your just wanting some pure Vanilla Heroes 3 but, if you want the 100% unbalanced cloak of the undead king fun get it on GOG.
 

Best Lilim Dorothy
466 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2019
All right... so this thing... is probably the best way to experience the base form of HoMM3.
BUT!
It's literally only good for that one specific thing.

The game had several large expansions (It was back in the CD days when expansions were almost as big as the games they were expanding.) which are all completely missing from the HD version.
So it's impossible to really review this game without mostly unfavorable comparisons with the GoG version.

So what are the pros and cons of each version?
Steam
+ The HD version on steam sports far higher resolutions and it's easy to get multiplayer going through steam without extra software (As long as you have friends who still play this).

- No/Minimal mod support.
- No expansions (And any expansions you might own on CD are incompatible.)

GoG
+ All of the expansions (Which means many more campaigns, random map mode, an extra faction, new neutral units.)
+ Massive modding community that only made the game much better.
+ DRM free
+ About 30% cheaper

- Even with HD mods and upscalers the game doesn't look quite as crisp as the "true" HD version.
- Needs third party software for multiplayer.

So is it worth getting?
Sadly unless you ONLY want to replay the main campaigns in HD and are deathly afraid that russian modmakers will install trojan horses on your PC along with WoG, then that's a no.
 

Sonlir
673 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2021
One of the best Retro game ever! <3
 

«Steel`»
75 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 23, 2017
Dosen't have a random map generator nor any of expansions + it is buggy and laggy.
 

Nezax
77 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
May as well buy the original from 1999 on CD This 'remake' is a simple texture upgrade with less content than the original. i tend to play the battle scenes on slightly faster speed but this makes the textures screw up when the monsters are moving, unless if i slow the animation down to a speed which is slower than fingernail growth the monsters look like garbage, would like a refund please.
 

DustinEchoes
224 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
85.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2016
Rating: 7/10 (Same amazing music and game, would be a 10 if it wasn't a sad remake).

First of all, I've always loved Heroes of Might and Magic 3 since it first came out in 1999. I give this game a thumbs up because it is great and if you haven't played the game it is worth the money.

If you already own HOMM3, I wouldn't bother unless you're interested in slightly better graphics (or the few crappy achievements). Remaking a game from 17 years ago HD and adding nothing new is a pretty pathetic joke. The HD is nice, but I still even prefer the Wake of Gods (non-HD) version where things in the atmosphere move like the trees and bushes etc..

The least they could of done was add a new campaign or some new maps or AT LEAST more than 13 Achievements and GOOD ONES? I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd love to purchase a new expansion for HOMM3, not spend $15 on the same game. Also the Netplay is a joke. Luckily I got this in a Humble Bundle for a great deal.

Pros:
------

- Nicer graphics, same amazing music and sounds
- Has Achievements.....
- This game is still awesome

Cons:
------

- Nothing new besides a minor update in graphics
- Can't hit space when on a tower/building etc. anymore (pretty lame when you go through a dungeon door/teleporter and have to dismiss your hero when a strong enemy is waiting on the other side)
- Massive lack of new content and achievements
- Disappointing if you already played/own HOMM3

So UBISOFT, stop making new Heroes of Might and Magic games with prestine graphics that SUCK and start remaking some Heroes 3 expansions in which people will actually enjoy and buy!

The end.
 

killuminati
611 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
20.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2015
go to gog.com and get the Homm3 Complete there. Much better.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I really really hate you guys at Ubisoft for not careing enough about one of my alltime favorite game to do this Update justice.

Paying 2 guys to update the graphic and saying it was too much of a task to bother including the expansion-packs makes my soul weep with sadness.

I mean, you could have looked at the existing fan-mods and added some good ideas on a settings-menu with the option to turn that on/off, but no.. Ubisoft dont care about the players or the games, just exploiting a beloved franchise-name to sell a few copies. You didnt even bother adding a button that turned on/off the mainmenu music..

You where even willies(sorry, my original word got censored) enough to only add this note _after_ the game was released and you got so bad reviews: (i checked)

"Important note: Heroes III – HD Edition content is based on the original 1999 game: The Restoration of Erathia. "

The information on the game was so bad before the release that most customers didnt know they only got 1/3 of the game they expected. I looked on your website, steamsite and did a google-seach, but next to none info on what to expect. You sneaky hyena offspring-conceived-on-the-wrong-side-of-the-bed-sheets(sorry, censored again).


Seriously Ubisoft, i hate you guys so much right now.. From this day i will not by any game produced by you for atleasted 1 year. I will never pre-order from you ever again.

Ubisoft = Buggy games, crashing games & exploiting gamers.
 

Misa
281 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
146.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2019
Heroes of Might and Magic 3 - HD Edition

It's basically the regular Heroes 3 just more detailed.
For people that can't buy games anywhere else than Steam for those i suggest getting Heroes 3 here, but if you can buy games in other places like Good Old Games then i suggest buying Heroes 3 there.

Cause the HD Edition doesn't have any of the expansions that the old one did and it is also cheaper there.

"Edit" At best this is a 2.8/10 compared to the original. Wish i could have owned the original again before i reached over 100 hours on this.

"2nd Edit" i just realized i could have made a joke with HD as in Horribly Done Edition cause that's what this is compared to the original
 

Sir_ProsPal
2,016 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
55.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2017
10/10 would restore Erathia again.
 

Schexet
194 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2017
had it since the begining. it brings up a lot of good old memories, but if only the extensions where there, that would be perfect
 

shadowgift
81 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
464.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2021
Best game ever!
 

Khan
38 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
doesn't have the expacs lol
 

Shazbot
429 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
83.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2020
this is a classic game I've been playing it for over 10 years and still love it.
 

butterflygoddess123
33 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
Play chess at a more sophisticated level, without a doubt a game reminiscent of childhood, the best soundtrack there will ever be in a video game!
 

Dvir
84 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Product refunded

Huge ripoff; just get the good ol' game and use this to play it:
https://sites.google.com/site/heroes3hd/
It even adds a few gameplay enhancements, like being able to skip those few seconds when you buy a new building or hero and also the music at the beginning of the battle. I hoped that Ubi would feature stuff like that in this release, but NOPE.
 

metalpiss
114 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
*Edit*

I feel it would be dishonest not to mention that I eventually (like a year later) purchased the GOG version of the game along with Hereos Chronicles. It is not because this was a bad HD touch-up. It is due to me wanting to play Hereos but, since I was kind of alone on it, I needed the campaigns to have some fun. This version really has no campaigns to work with so I went with the GOG version and played a ton of that.

Side note: Hereos Chronicles is fantastic. I absolutely love this series. They are a little bit easier than I would like, but the story is just oozing charm. They are also quite long! GET THESE.

I stand by that this was a good HD remake. The sprite touch-ups are wonderful. However, if you play strategy games solo, you might just want to go for the GOG version. IF you do.... check out Chronicles! I wish I could buy that lot again.

*Edit Over*

I loved this game. I loved it all my life. When I was a little child up to right now, I have been playing this game for decades. When I saw this was coming to steam, I bought it instantly. For those who say "blah blah go to gog and buy it there and better...", sure... you go buy it there. I want it here on steam, so I can play with my friends, not on gog.

Okay, onto the review. To start with, the graphics got an interesting update! The castles (towns) look fantastic. They have a nice touch up and makes it look much better. The individual sprites also look nice! They do have a new look to them, but it is not bad. I was expecting to hate this but it turned out I actually like it! The combat screen looks nice and everything has a decent touch up. However, if you do not like the graphical changes, you can select the original graphics in the menu inside game. This will change it back to what you remember as from over a decade ago.

What about the music and sounds? Did they mess up the fantastic composition of Paul Romero? No they did not! It is still the same great music you have heard for more than the last decade from many JVC games.

Does the multiplayer work? YES! It does! It is easy and you do not have to type in IP adresses anymore. It can be a tad bit sluggish at times, but it is definitely livable and stable.

All in all, I definitely think this game was worth 15$. In fact I would buy it again. There is no where near enough JVC games on steam. In fact, MM10 added MM6, and Homm3 was just released- these are the only JVC games on steam that I know of. This game is the pinnacle of turn based strategy games. I am certain others will love it too.

New graphic rating- 9/10, I loved 90% of the changes and having the option to go back to old settings anytime I want sold it for me.
Sound/Music- 10/10, no changes here, but there needed to be none. I loved these tracks and I would hate to see them get changed. I am relieved that this did not happen.
Online- 8/10, It can be a little sluggish but it is all good. No more IPs, No more trouble playing with friends.
Gameplay- 10/10, Thankfully unchanged and perfect the way it is.
Content- 6/10, No expansion, missing map generator and Conflux, as well as various artifacts and creatures. All of this you can live without, but hopefully this gets patched in. If it does, I will come back and edit this section off.

Overall this game revival gets an 8.5/10. Definitely worth your money. I can already tell that I will spend hundreds of hours playing this whenever I get free time.
 

Jimmy777777
183 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
159.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
It was stated in the very beginning that Heroes 3 comes in HD _WITHOUT_ the expansion packs, and most likely when they get released in HD, they will be purchasable. Just because some people can't read, doesn't mean the game deserves a negative review. Open your eyes.

As for the game itself - they did a good job. It's very pleasing and I can't wait for the other expansion packs to be released in HD.
 

Samael
225 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 5, 2016
Say what you want about Ubisoft being greedy and the game being an overprice rip-off for not containing the expansion packs - and to be fair, you would be entirely correct.
However, this game finally, after more than one and a half decade, revealed to me that the brown cap on top of the Archangels' head is not some dumb-looking cap or hat or whatever - it is, in fact, their hair.
Solving this long-standing mystery alone makes it worth it.
 

waliance
427 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2021
The classic
 

Mirrorman
186 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2020
Just one more move and I'm done!
 

Sub-Zero
264 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2017
One of my favorite childhood games, I always played singleplayer so I have nothing to complain then and now :D ..
 

Kalmankieli
151 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2020
it cost the same as the full game but has less features
 

16corn16
64 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2015
It is horrible. They have made it worse. I regret buying it. The graphic change was bad too. This game is a fraud. DO NOT BUY!
 

johannesdalen
19 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
155.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2019
Half the game is missing.
 

YO
59 products in account
1
47 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grab by Ubisoft. This game is uncomplete, full of bugs and does not contain the other 2 expansions. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Go to GoG if you want the complete version.
 

Giluu
245 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
Only the first expansion :(
 

Troop
1,107 products in account
0
81 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Still needing to play it, but according to the developers, and I quote

"According to the French publisher, the source code for these two expansions was lost by New World Computing, so that's the reason they haven't been able to include them in the HD version as well." So, It doesn't have the expansions, though, Why not get the old versions of the game, and dismantle the code from them? I mean GOG does it on a regular basis to keep their games working.
 

Ryusho Yosei
1,800 products in account
11
50 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
-------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------
DONT BELIEVE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS
-------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Here is why:

1. Most of them are complains about the missing addons
- They don't have the source code, so no DLC-stuff going on
- They told everyone in the first place that the addons are not included
(you can't judge a company for giving you exactly, what they promised you)
- Complains about missing faction and map-generator are invalid too,
because they are content from the addons

2. "They didn't add actual features to the game"
- We all know that Ubisoft would have f*cked it up, if they did ;)
- It's a freakin HD-Version, ♥♥♥♥♥ did you expect?

3. "It only shows the left upper corner of the game"
- Disable the scaling of your screen and you're fine. Or change compatibility options for this specific .exe

4. "It only has 30 fps"
- SERIOUSLY?!?! Is there ANY argument, that is more irrelevant than that?
(Since when did we start playing games, because of fps? Do you need 60 fps to play chess?!)

5. "There is no LAN-support"
- That's true, but hey, you have Steam.

If you bought the game, without knowing that the addons (and all of their features [obviously]) are not included...well...then it's really your own fault. Please don't criticise the developers/publishers when you were too lazy to read, what you want to buy there.

PLUS=> There are hundreds of fan-made maps on the internet and they are ALL compatible with this game
No need for random maps. I mean these random maps were...meh...in the original, weren't they?

The game is, what they promised us. It looks wonderful in HD and is compatible with higher resolutions and
aspect ratios. Is it worth the price? That's yours to decide^^ <cough> Steam-Sales </cough>

EDIT:
I recieved more feedback on this review than I expected and I think I should clarify some things since I was in an angry mood, when wrote the above lines.

I played and enjoyed Heroes of Might & Magic III since my childhood and I started playing it once again with the addons some time ago. I am not going to tell you that one version is better than the other, the simple reason for this is, that it depends on personal preferences which one to go with. When I was young I didn't have a random map generator, even better, I played the same map over and over again with my friends (Realm of Chaos) and I assure you it was great fun.

It is in fact very unfortunate that they lost the source code of the addons. I would be angry too, if they sold the addons later as DLCs, but I am sure they would have implemented them if they could.

For me, The Restoration of Erathia is the heart and the soul of this game and I am very happy to see it shining with better texture quality :) The price might be discussable, I give you that, but in the end it depends on what you want.

If you feel that the random maps (even though I didn't really like them, because they are...well...generic) are essential for the game or that you cannot enjoy this masterpiece without Conflux, the neutral creatures the artifacts and let us not forget the mod-addons "Wake of Gods" and "Horn of the Abyss" than feel free to buy the GoG-Version.

I personnaly can live without the addons and mods (btw. I didn't like Conflux. I want to see "Forge". I mean this is a Science-Fantasy-Universe after all, as we saw in Might & Magic VI "The Mandate of Heaven", which you should play too).

I only want a more beautiful version of the original and that is, what I got. Is that enough for you? Maybe not, but I am not the one to judge that. Have fun playing what ever version you want <3
 

Replicator
254 products in account
4
58 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
you wouldn't expect performance issues on a game this old but lo and behold.....
 

Loket
119 products in account
0
38 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2015
Where are the add-ons ? Do you plan to sell each of them? can't you make a full pack?
 

Arumveld
230 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
110.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2018
So, overall it is a nice game, it can pass you the time and you may enjoy it, but it is basically a rip-off: the HD Edition has very few features and the entire game, including all the random maps can be finished within about 100 hours, and most random maps are crap. now, the Complete Edition, which is not avalible on Steam, this is what you want to get. i bought it oh so many years ago, and enjoyed it for years, but sadly lost the CD during one of my house moves, I hoped that this will fill the hole left, and it didn't. plus, i spent 15$ on it. as far as for the achievement stats... fine, but not even a badge...?

Rating: Meh...
 

Sasha Ermakov
192 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2018
Please add the other Expansions ... it's not the same ;(
 

™NiShaTa™
290 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
217.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2019
so much fun but, where ae the expansions?
 

Drewnicorn
13 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 1, 2017
waaaaaaaay worst then the original with HD mod.
Cant believe iv'e fallen for marketing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
 

drekmastermind
58 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2020
Grew up playing this game and I missed it so much I bought it to play again :)
 

RebelSlays
3 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2020
without any expansion packs like DLC . This is like a demo version . If u prefer to buy this for that price - its up to you !
I bought it with 75 % off and still thinking its too much for "DEMO VERSION"
But overall - this game is a LEGEND !
 

Nordic
33 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
156.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Wonderful, heroes 3 in HD. what could go wrong?

WEll it doesnt work to play multiplayer. The game crashes when you press multiplayer, and when you are in multiplayer its even worse than ubis other games.

Shame you brought this classic game back into a unplayable shape.
 

NichotiN
52 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
(This review reflects the game itself, be it purchased in 1999 or now. It does not cover the actions of, or my opinions on Ubisoft)

Heroes of Might & Magic III is nothing short of magnificent.

It is the one game I always come back to, and always install on every computer I own. Since its release in 1999 it quickly became a family favorite, and to this day we still start up large hot seat games at family gatherings (though we rarely finish them). I have sunk countless hours into this game, and I am still not bored with it. I am still excited by exploring the map, I still love the artwork and unique factions, and the music still inspires awe and wonder. As a result I was certainly excited to see it on Steam. Heads up though, this is version does not yet have the expansions, but will offer multiplayer support!
---------

Everything about this game works exceptionaly well.

-Despite being near 16 years old the aesthetic of the game is still very beautiful and appealing. Which makes exploring maps and playing your favorite factions that much more enjoyable.

- The Factions are well balanced and delightfully unique. Each having their own awesome theme and excellent musical scores. Despite haveing played it for so long I am still somewhat of a casual player, so if you talked with some of the pros they could better critique the faction ballance. But I do know enough to say this: To Hell with Conflux! Oh, and I love Fortress and Castle dearly!

- The Music is fantastic. Every biome, faction, and item on the map has its own music or soudbyte which plays on or in proximity to the location. As your hero moves across the map the music and ambient sound changes to fit your location. This promotes a wonderful atmosphere while exploring, and makes for a very enjoyable experience. Each of the factions have their own score crafted for them to fit their themes, and in a text review, I will not be able to do them justice. If you want a taste then I suggest that you briefly look up the theme music for Fortress (my favorite), Stronghold, and Necropolis. I should mention before ending this note that the music was the work of Paul Romero who I salute for his dedication and hardwork which made Heroes III that much better!

-The game mechanics and overall design is solid and intuitive. I have introduced the game to many friends and all of them took the game quickly. It was built upon the framework set up in Heroes 1 and 2, and it refined the system found in those games. It is clear that a lot of thought went into crafting this title.

-----------------

I adore this game. Everything about it is as close to flawless as anygame can aspire to be. I would like to think it is a labor of love, and it really shows. And for those who are lead to doubt by its age, it aged well. To this day there is little I could criticize as a result of the passing of time. The Music is fantastic, and the art is still beautiful.

I understand that I may not have articulated my thoughts very well, so let me end with this point. The HOMM series is approacing seven titles now. And Heroes III is still considered by the grand majority of fans to be the undisputed champion. Most of the other games are also quite good, but they just cannot quite compare to the greatness achieved by Heroes III. It has almost become something of a problem for later releases in the series. Despite their own merits and achievments, the other games are still measured against Heroes III, and as a result are judged by it. But I do recommend you give the other games a try as well.

Heroes III is the Titan of the Heroes series, and for good reason. It is a masterpiece, and still stands amongst the greatest turn based stradegy games ever made.

Long Live the King!
 

Scout of Truth
654 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
184.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2016
Perhaps it´s just the nostalgia, but i love it.

But no expansions :(
 

Ecki
96 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
204.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2018
This game is my childhood i love it
 

☩djákni❥97🍎
17 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2020
Its H3, and that is enough said.
 

Seraph-hunter
121 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
129.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2020
awesome game! brings back so many childhood memories of the hours i spent playing it such a fun game to run through and so many scenarios to pick from countless hours of gameplay
 

Jamin156
53 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2018
Product refunded

It's not the same as the old version
 

Mad Dog
18 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
61.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2020
Crashes each and every time.
Do not buy this crap. How sad...
 

Csillagbela
25 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2020
The game is better on GoG but I dont want to launch GoG.
 

Yalf
284 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2016
Well folks,this have been long jurney. Even tho this game misses its 2major DLCs aka Shadow of Death and Armagedons Blade,I must say that I enjoyed playing it and even tho there is no random game map generator,this game deserves to get thumbs up.

If there is any guy who wants to make HD versions of 2 dlcs which I named. Man just do it,Ill pay it any day and any ammount. If there is any petition or if there is anything that We as a community can do to get full eddition of this game,well just tell and ill sign it up!

Heroes 3 is love
Heroes 3 is life!
 

had3s
79 products in account
0
75 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
First off, this is not the complete edition of heroes 3.
Which means no certain campaigns and most importantly, no random map creator.
For someone who wants a quick, (or sometimes even long) balanced match, which has a new map everytime, this version is not recommend.

The HD may be useful for high resolutions and windowed gaming, but it doesn't make a real difference visual-wise.

So if you own the original complete edition on CDs or can somehow get it, do that. Ubisoft should not get too much money, especially not for this thing they're doing here.
 

Mäxx
111 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2017
I bought this game (on sale) because I absolutely love H3 and WOG, and I wanted to see how a remastered HD version would look like. Somehow, this remastered version looks worse than the original. I wish I had never bought this game at all!
 

CraciunGD
497 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 10
Taking out the option of rendering random maps is like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on one of the greatest RTS's face.
 

Dialgur
17 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
25.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2021
Don't play and buy this ♥♥♥♥. Just download HOTA, the one and only Heroes 3.
 

Мамут Рахал
97 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 2
No Random Maps available. Not the HoMM3 I wanted
 

King Jay 249
11 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2020
brilliant game just as I remember just need the expansion packs now
 

hughes051
47 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
6,603.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2020
A GREAT TIME KILLER WHEN IN QUARANTINE!
 

robertscannell
15 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2016
It's just like the original game with the Shadow of Death expansion but in HD.

What it lacks: Armageddon's Blade expansion pack

Some content from Armageddon's Blade:
Crystal Dragons, Rust Dragons, Faerie Dragons, Azure Dragons, Enchanters, Trolls, Diamond Golems, Gold Golems, Sharpshooters, Nomads, Rogues, Mummies, Boars, Halflings, and Peasants

The above listed creatures belong to a neutral faction and respectively have landscape dwellings to purchase them from.
 

Ceddy UwUs
147 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
I have played this game for literally thousands of hours over the years, and I am happy to say that it is just as much fun now as I was decades ago. Many series connoisseurs consider this one to be the best, and when it comes to fluidity, ease of play and sheer addictiveness, they may be right. A fantasy world bursting with diversity just waiting to be explored paired with quick, satisfying turn-based strategic battles make this one a winner.

This HD version is just what you would expect: sharp, cleaned-up graphics with very little else changed. Be aware that the game has not been optimized for widescreen, so you will see large bars on the left and right of the screen keeping it in its original aspect ratio. Also be aware that you are only getting the original Heroes III release with this and NOT the expansions, Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death, the former of which introduces an entire new faction and many units as well as thousands of hours of campaign fun. If you want that, you will have to get Heroes III Complete, available from a number of other reputable sellers.

In summary, if you have never played Heroes III before, want to give it a try and insist on HD visuals, pick this one up. I would not recommend it to those who already have Heroes III Complete, as the graphics upgrade is very small and does not make much of a difference to the experience, at least to me. If you prefer content over a small graphics boost, consider purchasing Heroes III Complete, which is a much greater experience on many levels and is available for this same price or less.
 

fxknight
855 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
85.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2016
The thing is... if you loved the game before it went on Steam in it's HD remake, you're gonna love it again. Too bad it's cut of the expansions and some other stuff. I don't even get why. And it is sad for me especially, cause I used to play Conflux every time we had a hot seat session with my friends. But after all it's still Heroes. the game mechanics is more or less the same (even though ♥♥♥♥ whoever thought it's a good idea to have useless river around the castles!) and if you have friends to play with, you're gonna have a great time. Even after all these years. I remember our sessions from more then a decade ago, going on for hours. And since I own it on Steam, I started playing the campaign for the first time ever. Cause my friends have girlfriends and stuff. I didn't even notice the facelift it has. It's still Heroes. Buy it on sale. Or buy the Complete somewhere else
 

Admiral Thomas Tug Benson
1,137 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 20, 2015
This is a tough one to recommend... on one hand, HD edition looks better and, as the single most important thing in this edition, online multiplayer through Steam. No more playing around with Hamachi, or Tunngle, or any other ♥♥♥♥ like that. Just create game, invite friend, and presto (although, on hindsight, the MP does suffer from occasional crashes, but I was at least able to finish couple of matches).

However... as has been stated before, there are no other expansions included here. Its just the original game, and expensive at that. Why pay 15e for the original game with little better graphics and online MP, when you can buy the complete edition from GoG for 9e, which looks only bit worse, and can still work online with the aforementioned Hamachi/Tunngle/♥♥♥♥ like that (worse than Steam, yes, but it can still work)?

If Ubisoft would add the other expansions to this edition, then yes. I'd recommend this as must-buy, without a doubt. However, most likely, even if the expansions get released, they'll be as paid DLC, for like 10e per piece or some ♥♥♥♥ like that.

I'd say, stick with the complete edition on GoG. You get more bang for your buck with that.
 

Luniil
592 products in account
2
43 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
43.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
Still cool Heroes 3 but where is that damn HD? I dont see it... and 2 expansion pack too. Good I buy this game for sold CS:GO crate item from game. At least I dont waste money and I dont feel bad :). Its for free for me. But trully... if Ubi will somewhere find sorce code for expansion packs (lol, trully you loose it? Rlsy Ubi?), and they will make HD for them, I hope it will be add on for free not for another 15 euro. I recomend this game but only original version in box from other store... Especialy 1-4 heroes collection for few bucks.
 

Paindemonium
2,322 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
104.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
[Edited Review]
Patches fixed most of the issues

Wish that someday will get the armageddon blade and shadow of death.
 

Haim
269 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2019
this game is good but it can be better if it's include all of dlc
 

8=====D----
43 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
91.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2019
Story: 10/10
Graphics: 9/10
Audio: 10/10
Gameplay: 10/10
Online: 7/10
Controls: 10/10

Final note: 9.33/10
 

elBlanco hellcase.org
51 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2019
HoMM III is an excellent game and if you haven't played it yet, this is probably the best way to try it out.
However if you already own a copy of the game and have no trouble running it on a modern pc, you'll be better off with mods.

Overall the game by itself is arguably the best entry in the series and one of the best fantasy strategy games ever developed. At a base level it's about building up fantasy castles, recruiting armies and training their commanders (the eponymous Heroes). At a meta level the grand strategy is mostly about economy and logistics. The combat usually boils down to very simple encounters with a clear favourite, however - when the game delivers, it does so in style. Lengthy battles between evenly matched armies can produce a series of amazing moments, tactical twists and turns and - at the end - a feeling of achievement when you save that castle by the skin of your teeth. The gameplay clearly still holds up today and the base campaigns and scenarios provide enough content and challenge to be well worth the price.

When it comes to music, this is a pure masterpiece, with some of the most memorable themes ever composed for a video game. At times all you want to do is to just sink in your chair and let the music transport you to Erathia. Battle sounds still do hold up well and from a technical standpoint there's little if anything to complain about in terms of sound quality.

The visuals are clearly the weakest part of the game. While the overall style still gets the job done, technologically the game aged poorly and the HD makeover didn't work any wonders - yes the graphics are much more crisp and your eyes won't bleed from the pixels, still in terms of detail the visuals are serviceable at best and in some cases the HD edition made some things look worse - especially some of the buildings inside castles now can stand out from their surroundings.

Arguably the main selling point of this version of the game aren't the upgraded graphics but it's reliability. It gets along with modern PCs quite welland without any hustle, which unfortunatelly can't be said about older versions. I'm also yet to encounter a game breaking bug which were pretty common back in the time of the original release.

PROS:
+ excellent gameplay - easy to learn, hard to master
+ remarkable soundtrack
+ robust and convenient - works with modern PCs with no effort

CONS:
- dated visuals and unimpressive "HD" conversion
- no expansions
 

AJAvalanche
319 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
138.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2017
This game no longer works on steam. There is no Steam support if game does not launch
 

watermonster
81 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 13
really nice new rendition of the game, but not having the expansions or the possibillity to mod it through a workshop makes it worse than the non HD version.
 

Thalia The Cathar
13 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2018
Don't buy this edition, buy Complete Edition from https://www.gog.com/ instead and download the unofficial HD Patch. (It's cheaper and has all expansions)
Then just add it to the library as a non-steam game and play with your friends.
 

zeeb
380 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Not sure why everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about lack of expansion content (random map generator, press space bar to re-enter, conflux) when it was made well known that this version would not include expansion. I played through one single scenario so far and really didn't experience any major issues. It's the same great game (without expansions) that it ever was with some updated graphics. I haven't tried out multiplayer yet, and I hear some complaints, but I'm hoping it works as well as single player did for me since it is one of the reasons I bought it rather than just sticking with the old version.

The only complaint I have so far is that the bottom resource bar looks really goofy with all the extra room on the left now. Not sure what the best way to go about fixing this would be though, maybe some extra info like income and daily resource intake or some stats like creatures raised/killed, or something like that.
 

Cheamo
281 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2018
This game in the old days is really good, however Ubisoft DID NOT do well as far as thinking ahead for the future. My biggest complaint isn't the lack of expansion content, but how unplayable this version is compared to GOG's version (which i would recommend instead, as they have an HD mod for free). My biggest issue is how many times this game crashes with its "unknown exception occured" every 10-30 minutes. This primarly occured after after the windows 10 update. I have very modern hardware, and for some reason, can't play an HD verison of a classic....something isn't right here about that, so don't waste $15 for something that won't work if you have windows 10, unless a fix has been utilized.
 

Crimson Thunder
116 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 21, 2017
BUY THIS FROM GOG FOR CHEAPER THAN STEAM.
ALSO STEAM DOESN'T SUPPORT THE EXPANSIONS (WHICH COME WITH GOG PURCHASE)


you can search GOG and HMM3 and get to the site.

I bought this game to re-live the great adventures, but it is a waste to pay more for less on steam.
 

Admin
1,205 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,105.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2017
amazing game,used to play for endless hours.too bad the expansions are missing,they made it even better
 

tsatsaronisd
12 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2019
It's a good game but it doesn't have expansions, which is a bit of shame really.
 

Prediable
77 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2020
gog version is better
 

SumeQ
137 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
143.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 16
co tu dużo gadać , klasyka sama w sobie ! bardzo przyjemnie się gra :)
 

Werciak
153 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2016
BEst game #memories
 

Trillian48
135 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2018
The HD Edition is missing random map generator and all add-ons.
It is also more expansive then the original which you could also get the HD-mod for that adds features instead of removing them.
 

Elrond
217 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
378.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2017
This game is a classic turn based strategy rpg that still holds up nearly 20 years after being released. A great buy for any nostalgic gamer or fantasy rpg fan.
 

carlwinslowsghost
91 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
49.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2019
It´s 20 years when I played HoMaM 3 and I can´t still take into consideration another better turn based strategy in my mind. Because I lost my original copy and I highly appreciate the time what I spent with, I bought it again. Still it´s fun to play and still you must masterly place your strategy on beautiful battlegrounds to tackle with your enemies,

This edition has HD graphics which is unnecessary, but it also lack of two expansion packs and campaign editor. The expansion packs aren´t included because the source code for those releases was lost.

Come what may this game is still gem and provides hours of gameplay. This is a game that strategy fans should absolutely be playing, but if you have your original copy or you use another client you should save your money.
 

maumers
196 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
108.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2021
Top 3 game all time
 

HarryJohnson
17 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2017
I actully enjoyed the HD remake. Had a good time going back and finally completely playing through the original campagn from start to finish. They actually did a very good job on the graphics/art update, and having it run great on Windows 10 in 1920x1080 is awesome.

As others have mentioned, it's unfortunate that it doesn't come with the expansions, and for this reason I couldn't recommend paying the full price for it; but I got it for $5.00 on the summer sale, so for that price it was totally worth it to me.

Now they just need to remake Heroes 2 in HD, which I would totally pay full price for!
 

falsted
29 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2020
Classic strategy game . My childhood lengendary game.
 

Rajonco Vierchas
82 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2015
Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up once again
 

TRYX
260 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Best game of the series that has stood the test of time. This game ages well. Still come back to this game from time to time and always enjoy it. Now with working multiplayer via Steam.
 

Shneebly
309 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 25, 2018
I need complete version!
 

The Poi Division without gun!
153 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
164.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2019
I mean... It's Heroes III... what else is there to say? Oh! WHY AREN'T THE EXPANSIONS AVAILABLE?!?!?!?!
 

Prowalker10
45 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2016
A fine game with lots of fun available. Obviously this is a must if you liked the original. Unfortunately, when playing with friends over the internet we've had games spoiled by bugs and crashes. This usually happens once a player has captured an opponent's castle. Perhaps these will get ironed out over time but it puts me off wanting to play - you never know when it might crash and spoil the fun.
 

Farraway
42 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2015
DO NOT BUY. Simply reading through the horde of negative reviews must've given you an idea about how bad this remake is. I don't know how they managed it but they even messed up the game's ability to notify you that it's your turn to play. Good job ubi.
 

Juzam
969 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
160.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2018
This is my all time favourite game..I have been playing it for the last 12 years (im 21) and I have to say that it is still competitive as ♥♥♥♥.It aged well,the music still strikes right in the feels,armies are unique,gameplay excellent and it was a game ahead of its time. I never understood why this game never got the recognition it deserved,probably too many similar games at that time? I don't know, I played many strategy games but this is the one that will always be playable for me for millenia to come. Its nice to see it here on steam in hd,you can play with other people but it is still buggy,often times it shuts you off from the play and you have to reload over and over again. Also, I know that they could't remaster two expansions,but could you atleast include them without hd? Because you get a ton of new content,new campaigns,new maps and without random map generator there isn't much to do in single play. Or atleast put the complete edition I don't mind it being old fashioned without hd.

To summarize:
pros:good story,very good campaign,gameplay and music are marvellous,as are towns with unique strategies and this is the game that you will play for 6 hours without noticing
cons: it is important to fix multiplayer mode,also to add random map generator
11/10

P.S. Anyone who wants to play multiplay with me and friend,add me.
 

markoboi47
22 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
648.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2016
Well I reckon I qualify to post a review. Can't say I have the most hours on this game but I have a few compared to the others. You can't give this a negative review just because there isn't a Random map generator etc, you can't give it a positive review because it has HD graphics either. You can however still have many hours of enjoyment of a classic game that will fill the armchair fantasy generals coffers with enjoyment. Buy it on sale otherwise you are paying to much at full price.
 

Smelty
486 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2021
Not even starting up. Tried like dozen methods for starting it up found in the intenet, nothing works.
First and last issue is why i would even NEED to search for the method to start it up?
Terrible and trash developer that did not managed to repair absolutely critical issue many people have after all that time since release.
Refunding this utter pile of garbage now.
 

Vanhal
136 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
149.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2021
a classic. never gets old
 

johngtodd.8
3 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2020
Really love this game, playing it like 10+ years and didn't get bored yet. 10/10.
 

nbomedroned
50 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2015
Give us back the expansion and random map generator, also fix multiplayer then it will start getting only positive reviews.
 

Yotsuba
262 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2021
Game of the childhood, still playing
 

我 妻 善 逸
51 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 10
HoMM3 is a timeless classic. I have been playing it since it first came out eons ago. I have owned many copies of this game (including the complete set on GoG) but decided to buy this version on steam as it was on sale. The HD doesn't really shine and this does not contain the expansion packs. But hey! its HoMM3.
 

fftwg2000
27 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
112.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
Find the HD mod for the original game, free and without all these bugs-.-

The only good thing is really the resolution fix, but the lag of the DLC and Re-enter mechanic just makes this so dumb.

It's still a great game and it is'nt ruined, but buying the original(which is cheaper)will safe you from alot of trouble.

I mean what did they expect, a still very popular game with over 15 years of proud quality keep up. There is so many mods and features added over the years with this great community, and ubisoft doesn't even improve online hosting, the only things being slightly annoying not fixed by the community.

ALSO: the game is unstable, multiple people having to re-install to fix the few shortcuts added here.
 

steppeulv
1,661 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
After a long waiting this review is still relevant.. sad ubisoft. sad.

The game is good. Its one of the best games I ever played. But this HD remake has little to offer other than steam surport
and easier multiplayer than the original Non-HD version. It actully lacks the originals Expansions! the old game can be modded to just as good HD as this and with the expansions. The old has more maps. Players has made way more custom maps for the Non-HD version. Only a few maps can be imported to the HD version exactly because the lack of expansions.. and the old game is far cheaper than this...

In short, No. This game is not worth it over the Non-HD version.
Dont buy this until the expansions comes IF they come.
 

NT~Claymore
85 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2018
I love Heroes 3, and this game plays fine, but ultimately I don't recommend anybody buy this version. It's missing features like random maps and the expansions which were pretty crucial parts of the game back in the day. The only attraction would be the steam integrated multiplayer/server list, you know, *if anybody was playing this game*.

Buy Heroes 3 Complete from GOG or something. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.
 

Quambas
649 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2015
Regretfully have to say this is not worth the money, when many others point out that you can get a better, cheaper version on gog, and just use HD mods to improve it, this really is true.

The game is a good game, but this version is not worth it when you can spend less, and get more elsewhere.
 

Hardy
456 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2015
It is an okay port of an excellent game, but it doesn't have random map generator or expansions. youre better off buying this game on GOG untill they add expansions and random map generator (which they proabably wont as expansion source code has been lost)
 

lizard
66 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
35.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2018
I don't really understand why there is no complete version on steam.
 

blbybebilenibebi
27 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2019
This version doesn't have random maps... prefer the non-HD version. : (
 

TandooriAce41
254 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
59.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2020
Old School nostalgia
 

kilndracos
16 products in account
0
114 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
THE MULTIPLAYER DOESNT WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 

nbkc7qd
10 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
141.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Ubisoft has done the unique and almost impossible job of ruining an awesome game, played for more than 15 years by people of all age.
 

nVc
160 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2021
I've played this game since I was younger. I was so happy to find it and be able to play it again. It's a great game, that teaches you strategies while having lots of fun. You can play solo or play up to eight players, my whole family plays this game. Heroes three is by far my favorite out of the whole franchise. You will not be disappointed with is game.
 

rpwaller42
12 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
59.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Just like the good old Heroes 3, although there is no Conflux in this version. Probably available as a DLC for 20 bucks soon, Ubisoft style :D

Actually i dont understand why everybody is crying about it, okay they removed the random maps, but they sucked anyways imo. And Conflux was OP as ♥♥♥♥, so im pretty happy that it isnt in the game. They promised the original game remade, and thats what they did.

Loved the original, and this version is practically the original, they changed nothing. Online play works which is the most important part for me so i can play with some old friends.

Of course you can get it cheaper anywhere else with all the Add-Ons in nonHD, but then you have the problem in the multiplayer with different versions, tried it a lot over the last years, and the multiplayer over Steam Network is just awesome.

Recommended
 

Mos Def
231 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
23.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2019
Primary game from childhood what's more one of the best strategic, turn based games ever created. Nice to see in HD version, but unfortunately, free from great piece of additional content ("The Shadow of Death","Armageddon's Blade"). Is the basic HD version is worth our money? - On this question should answer everyone personally. For me, It was great feeling to refresh the memories and time spend as kid. Recommended
 

Wczorajszy
133 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2020
This game is my absolute favorite strategy game ever, but that is mostly because I used to play this game with my relatives when I was like 10 and I have only fond memories, but if you are going to buy it, then I would recommend buying the complete edition off of GOG and not the HD version, because the graphics are only a bit better but it removes a whole city type, and the option to create your own scenario, which is a really good feature
 

Divinote
137 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
131.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2017
i love this game , but i think that with the dlc this game would be far better , with more maps and of course the new factions . but like i said i love this game even without the dlc i do think its worth it imo, its the best of the series and a pc great.
 

joseph123.glue
11 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
62.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2018
Only the base game, expansions not available.
 

The Sleeping Giant
228 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
55.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 12
Buy it on GOG, steam's version is completely skimped. No map randomizer, no map editor maps, no imported maps from the community, no conflux, (RACIST),

NO DICE.
 

Drstrange
26 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 18
I do love this game. It is one of the best video games ever made. However, this version does not include the random map generator. That is basically the whole game for me.
 

BooMSelectA77
72 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
854.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 11
Too bad it isn't with the full expansion set. Otherwise the game is great and nostalgic. New improved artwork is also done great.
 

Edat
14 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
818.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
I played this game for years growing up. This is not the complete game, but it's definitely worth the money for sure. I love this game.
 

jdub25462006
6 products in account
4
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2021
<be me
<buy a ubisoft game
<stuff doesnt work as advertised
<be surprised
 

maslav
60 products in account
5
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
105.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2021
Says 100 hours played but if I have to count the times I spent on this 20 years ago, it'd easily be over 2,000 hours.
I wish there was HD remake (and map generator) for the expansion packs.
This is truly a classic piece, and beats every other game in the franchise. (4,5,6,7 altogether can't compete with H3)
Only reason I stop playing is after beating every XL & L map on impossible, need more options. If anyone knows where I can get the expansion pack or map generator...please let me know in comments. Cheers
 

BYSF
108 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2020
Rating: ★★☆☆☆

(Lackluster version of a legendary game)

============

Review:

Heroes of Might and Magic 3 is a legendary game - but unfortunately the HD edition does not do it justice.

Well, I knew beforehand that the HD version was bad - that's why I have avoided buying it for years, but now that it was in -75% sale, I decided to get it anyway.

So yeah, I knew it was bad - but I was still sort of surprised how half-assedly made it is.

And I'm not even talking about the missing content - but rather the HD graphics / resolution itself, which was supposed to be the selling point of this version.

Yes, the game looks better than the original. The sprites are much sharper and the general look is superior to the original.

BUT.. there is always a BUT. Only the adventure map is actually "completely" finished - as in it fills the whole screen at HD resolutions. But the town screens and combat screen have pretty large borders!

It's quite "meh" to play full screen and having a WINDOW at the middle of the screen for these things. Like.. they did the adventure map right - why the hell did they mess up the town and combat screens?

Add a lot of missing content and tons of quality of life updates that are missing from the HD edition to the mix, and you'll understand why I don't recommend this.

============

Seriously, a lot of people have said it before - just getting the original complete edition and modding it (for free) is a better choice than this half-assed "HD" edition.

That way you get all the content of the game and balance fixes, quality of life improvements - and with the HD mod it looks nearly the same anyway!

And you can even mod the complete edition with stuff like Horn of the Abyss or ERA 2 if you want even more extra stuff to play around.

The half-assedly made "HD" graphics just are not worth all the missing things.

Only buy this if you get it really cheap and don't want to bother modding it.

============

Summary:

The Good 👍
+ Looks better than the original

The Bad 👎
- Town/Combat Screens half-assedly made
- Lacks the two expansions
- Lacks a lot of balance updates / quality of life improvements
- Lacks maps and there is no random map generator
 

Jale
290 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
101.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 10, 2017
Heroes® of Childhood & Memories
This series is one of the best strategy turn-based games ever released.
An epic battle with all imaginable creatures and spells against hordes of enemies, in which you also need to control your ressources, decide what to build in which order and which heroes to focus on.
This game has been known to hurt brains. (Necropolis Zombie Joke)

I must have spend my youth on 3 games
- Diablo II, Age of Empires and Heroes of Might & Magic.
I was so excited as to what the HD would bring, however this is only the vanilla version of the game, and a lot of content is missing.
You can get it here though: 

Thumbs Up
You veterans don't care about the HD because "hey, we grew up with the pixies" (Conflux joke) and it's still one of the best games in my opinion.
The upgraded graphic is still a nice touch; however it's like putting make-up on a pretty girl, not the biggest change, and you might not even look further than her chest.

Multiplayer is actually good and easy to play among steam-friends.
However playing multiplayer against strangers often leads to people quitting during the first few minutes, if the map isn't in their favor.

You have all the creatures, spells, and buildings like in the old days, except Conflux is missing. - The whole diversity in skills and stats which still makes this game one of the best strategy games in history.
7 campaign scenarios, around 50 skirmish maps, a local multiplayer mode and a map editor.

You can play in windowed mode - good for watching movies while waiting for your opponent.

Thumbs Down
This is not the complete expansion, meaning you don't have the Armageddon's Blade & The Shadow of Death expansions.
No Conflux, which is really needed against an op Necropolis player.

It's cheaper to buy this game on GoG and you even get the expansions there.

You can't revisit places by space-bar, you have to run back and forth and loose movement. Often not a big deal, but can determine a win or loss.

Apparently you can't install or create mods for this game on steam - I don't care much for it, but a lot negative reviews include this.

You can't change the difficulty in the campaigns, so it was really easy to beat, since I've done it before in the past #no_life.

Closing Comments
Still one of my favourite games, but it's really not worth buying it here on steam, when you can't have a thousand half-naked pixies.

How to beat 10 games on each difficulty easily.



 

Fera-Ferrito
1,227 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
91.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2021
It's a turn based strategy game where you control different types of heroes and their castles. You run around the map collecting things, fighting monsters and beating other heroes and taking their castles. I'm putting things in simple terms but the game has a lot more to it, is not too complex and is very addictive, probably one of the best games ever made.

Read some of the other reviews here and you will see this:
Best game ever OR awful because it doesn’t include the DLC’s.

I think the latter has its points but its not awful or bad in any shape or form other than missing the two DLC’s, one of which is completely skippable.

This is what you get if you buy this:
A very, VERY well done remaster of the Heroes of Might & Magic III game along with some conversion tools (check the community page) to add maps etc. This is more than enough for most people who simply want to play and not bother with mods etc. Let's put it this way, you get a ton of gameplay with the main game, I’m talking up to 100 hours (check the website howlongtobeat). The replayability is pretty much endless and it’s a nice price in terms of the enjoyment you will get from it. It’s a classic and it looks great, better IMO than the HD mod.

This is what you will not get: The two DLC's that were released after the game came out in the 1990’s. Armageddon's Blade (has new content and is quite good) and The Shadow of Death (skippable has no new content out of the base game). There are also various fanmade maps for the original game that may not work with this HD version.

All I can say is this is a very good remaster of a classic game, I highly recommend buying it and trying it out even if you own the complete version. Yes it's that good, buy both and support the HD remaster, they did a heck of a job (and yes minus the DLC).
 

cimerians
1,593 products in account
0
67 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
15.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
I will write this review because of all those negative reviews. I RECOMMEND THIS GAME. All my memories of Heroes 3 are in this game and beautiful HD graphics. If you are a fan of the series and enjoy this game when it first came out BUY THIS !


Too all those who write about this game and say it's a rip of !
-From the start NO ONE TOLD YOU this will have the expansions with it. This is the FIRST heroes of Might and Magic 3 that was first launched and called Restoration of Erathia.
-This game had ONLY the map editor and NO Random map generator. That was made from a community and was called Wake of Gods (YES that is NOT official expansion for the Heroes 3)
-multiplayer works fine like I saw it.
-The extra faction named Conflux (The Elementals) was from the expansion Arageddon's Blade and so it's not in this game.
-Every extra senario was added with each of the expansion you added in the game (it was called EXPANTIONS not DLC like everyone is calling it.)


So for those who think if you want to buy it or not. This game is exacly what you think it is. The first edition of Heroes of Might and Magic 3 like it was when it first launched. No expansion is in this pack so don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about it like everyone else does. So think positive about this and if you want remade HD graphics the take this and enjoy nostalgia.
 

SebMcClane
296 products in account
5
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2019
This is a cashgrab. A very shameless cashgrab. A very immoral and questionably legal cashgrab.

I would argue that if you wanted to buy this game, you would expect to get Heroes of Might and Magic 3, but as an HD version. You will not. You will get less than what the base game used to be. None of the expansions. Missing and vital content from the main game that needs to be modded into the game.

The game comes without the random map generator. You HAVE to pick a pregenerated scenario map to play on. You cannot destingate that you want to do a 2v2v2 or generate a random map for your one on one with a friend. No. For whatever reason, it is not included in the base game. You'll need to mod it in.

If you're going to go through the effort of picking up Ubisoft's scraps and fix their half-baked re-release, you're better off spending LESS by going to GoG, buying the orginal complete edition, and using that effort to mod in the fan-released HD mod. Don't support this greedy wicked garbage.
 

Ryu
317 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
107.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2016
Product received for free

Ever since I got a PC in 1990 I loved strategy games.
Heroes of Might & Magic was amongst the few series that I have played most parts. Mostly because they're loyal to their fan base and stick to their main game play components:

1. Turn based combat of fantasy creatures
2. Turn based world map to explore and capture
3. RPG-like development of your hero

Heroes III is the oldest available remake of the series. I had to play it and wasn't disappointed. It's still as enthralling as it used to be 20 years ago. The balancing of various factions is great, with none being too weak or too overpowered.

Of course the cinematics are of a different era, but I didn't pay much attention to them anyways. The story is still told quite well just playing the scenarios.
 

Kalle
285 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2015
Should not have been released without all elements of game included. Specifically the Random Map Generator... I just wasted all my money...
 

StoneyPete
411 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
154.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2020
best turn strategy game for covid19
 

[ЊØ.ЖIЁИ]
136 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
94.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2020
No Conflux, No Random Map Generator, Very few maps at all. Extremely basic version of Heroes 3
 

GlassTaco
110 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
147.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
Lazy cash in of a timeless classic. The game is over 16 years old why the hell not include expansions?

Only worth picking up on sale for under $5 but a great game nonetheless.

#FORGOODNESSSAKEUBISOFTWHENWILLYOULEARN
 

Cyberculture
634 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
60.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2020
It's a classic. Back in school we used to play this (and Worms Armageddon) in class on my friend's laptop, passing it back and forth between turns. One of those games you didn't need a LAN party to play. Yeah, I'm an old school 20th century gamer, but Heroes of Might & Magic III is still going strong. (2 and 4 are also really good, but 3 is king.) Other titles still try and emulate it, but no one beats it. It's too bad this HD version is so buggy. 3 unhandled exceptions in one sitting...

Still a great game and worth every penny.
 

zargmatt
320 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
79.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 22, 2015
Yes, this is a game i spend so much of my time before. But i cant recomend it here.

You pay 15€ for the base game with out a single expansion nor you can generate own map.

You just play raw game on bunch of maps and that's it.


Ubisoft:
Please, stop acting like scammers and reduce price for a game. Making HD grafics that are not even HD but leaving game with out a single expansion, no map generator and ask 15€ for it isnt the best decision...
 

Wahnsinnig
379 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2015
A premature release?

An HD remake of this game is one of those ideas that sounds pretty nice, yet this product doesn't really come off as complete. More detailed hero portraits are nice, sure, but why are the town portraits more blurry than ever? Some UI updates? Nice, but it doesn't look good outside on the adveture map. The bold font choice for messages like the ones on the start of the scenarios is a bit hard to read as well.

Entering the towns, they do look good, though. The sharper edges really come to their rights there. For creatures, the updates are very hit and miss: Pikemen, griffons and orcs come to mind as pretty bad updates. Goblins, ogres and black dragons look pretty amazing.

In combat, the movement shadow comes with a grid you can't turn off, which I personally find offputting. Some animations seem more clunky and chopped up than before.

All in all, not really worth the extra money, although it is really, really nice to play without that awful Conflux again. Like many others, I too would recommend buying the HoMM3 Complete Edition on good old games over this version.
 

Islandrockzor
99 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2017
With no random map generator, the game is just... something else :(
 

Sandokan
155 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2020
Money grab. Milking the cow. Say it however you want.
 

LABRISS
9 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2020
Best childhood memories over again.
 

Spank me, daddy!
65 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
167.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2015
Nice Game!
 

SambaTrold22
53 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
137.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
i lick
 

gun
226 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
84.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2015
It might not be cheap, but it's still a good remaster of a legendary game. This is an HD edition of the best game in this franchise and by looking at it this way I love it today as I loved it when it initially came out. I had real good time with this game , it took 85hrs gameplay to do all 13 achievements.
I can only recommend for everyone who likes the Heroes franchise !!!!
 

Monkees With Attitude aKa Arc
1,370 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
64.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
This is not what i expected for this. I have a pretty good pc that runs most games on at least medium graphics and i have rediculous lag on moving the mouse. It took me a full minute to buy all of the units from the castle menu and there were only 3 for me to buy. There are many other reasons why this is disappointing all of which are in the many other negative reviews.

I would also like to point out that the reviews seem a little dodgey. All of the review from the 30th are negative but all of the reiews from the 29th are positive im wondering if ubisoft have got a load of people to leave positive reviews on this because i can't think of any other reasonable explanation.
 

Hazabo
149 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
28.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2015
Excellent game, just like the Original. But you can only play Scenarios, you can't play Random maps like in the Original so it gets pretty boring. Until theres a patch that adds Random Maps again I do not Recommend this game.
 

Feindflug13
131 products in account
1
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2016
Definitely doesn't worth its price..
Maybe graphic is good, it's portable for Android & IOS,
but the rest of all is dissappointed,
gameplay is kinda slow, there is no random map generator (!!!!),
there is no random map generator, How?!
The HoMM3 HD version from russian enthusiast (Bara) is much much better than this.
and it's absolutely free.
 

Kloppo
11 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2015
The old game, still awesome.
As for the re-release, you all know what it is. A cash grab.
With the vanilla games available with ALL the expansions for lower price than this, it's not really worth it to buy it, if you
never played HoMM3. You should start with the complete series! But if you overplayed that to death already and want to try out this version... If you don't think it's too expensive, sure - get it. It is fun, it is nice. Beats HD mods easily enough.
 

Crusader_bin
1,263 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
100.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2019
Recommended only for review.
6/10

YouTube™ Video: Heroes 3 of Might and Magic Soundtrack (ost) [complete / HD] 
Views: 2,109,376
[Thank you for 1.000.000+ views, you all are awesome!] The original Soundtrack from Heroes of might and magic 3 Enjoy! ______________________________________________ Tracklist: 01- main menu theme...
 

Elapso
96 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2015
Mouse controls are fixed. I absolutely recommend Heroes of Might & Magic III - HD Edition!
 

FuLong
509 products in account
2
10 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2018
I can't make a custom game wtf. ill just get the game on GOG then ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥.
 

IainJames
210 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2016
I think HOMM III is one of the greatest games ever made, and it is no exaggeration when I say I've dumped thousands of hours into this game as a teenager. I've even bought the game four times (back in the days when discs had to be used and they'd get scratched or lost). I got this copy in a HOMM package for the Steam Summer Sale so I didn't actively seek out this game specifically because I already heard terrible things about it. Plus I have the GOOD version of HOMM III on GOG.

I've played one campaign map in this HD remake so far and already the issues are staggering. immediately when I clicked during the opening FMV and the entire game just crashed.

When you play at a high resolution, it gives a quarter of the screen this framing effect and the game freezes up constantly. It's especially annoying if it freezes up during a sound file because it will make this constant stuttering sound. Some stutters can last for several seconds and the biggest problem is that it happens CONSTANTLY. I mean it can happen a few times every in-game week, and it happens both in battles and on the world map. It was a thoroughly annoying experience just to play that one map, I wouldn't even touch on issues outside campaign mode. Stay away!
 

CoastalHaze
198 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Fantastic Game! One of my all time favorites, a true classic that never gets old! Sadly the Random Mag Generator for some very **cked up reason isnt on it! seriously?! how hard it is?!

However looking into some of the forums i found that using an old mag editor and generating the maps then moving them into the steam game directory works fine, its a bloody hassle but hey! at least i can game online properly with my bro who is half way round the world

despite the horrific lapse is judgement from the developers regarding the random maps they did an amazing job re-drawing and rendoring all the old graphics! well played lads! still gets an very big thumbs up from me

 

Prophet Of Fife
60 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
As much as I love Heroes of Might & Magic III I would not recommend this game. :(

So yeah like every other homm3 fan I have been waiting for a HD remake for a very long time. When I found out that Ubisoft were releasing this title I was very excited and sceptical at the same time because it's Ubisoft. Anyway having played the game for a few hours here is a quick review

GOOD:
- Upscaled graphics
- Multiplayer (I havent tried online yet but hotseat worked okay for me)
- Nostalgia trip every time

BAD
- The animations are the same and slow
- Archangels still have butt wings!
- The battle screen does not scale properly
- No dlc

So all in all its basically the same game with nicer graphics. I feel like Ubisoft could have done a much better job. Oh well maybe this game will receive regular updates.

 

Dimsy92
175 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
7.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2015
Opinions about HD edition of HEROES 3 are mixed, but i do think is a good buy. Many people will try to tell you that HD doesn't improve astethically, but I think they don't play game as often as I do, and I see monumental difference, i do played original version on HD modification, but it was still low res graphics, recreating sprites for such game is a monumental work and i can appriciate that as an example orc doesn't look like smeared puke.

I have sat down and played it for hours, so playability is untouched. Before with firends we had litereal RAGE after trying to play H3 online, using hamachi, gameranger, and other stuff, still there was disconnections and other bugs, now i am sending invite, and BAM! I am playing H3 with friends.

But you should know this before buy:
It is only base version of H3: Restoration of Erathia, so there are no features included in expansions such as:
- Random Map - you need to download maps for RoE (but Map editor is included)
- additional town: Conflux
- additional Campaigns
- Some tweaks in gameplay
- More neutral creatures
Still Ubisoft had said that H3HD would be only base game because they only had source code for vanilla game, so everyone was informed about that. I don't know if it is catch to buy DLC or real thing, but I still appreciate the lifting.
EDIT:
- Also please mind that some great mods won't work with this version because they use content from expansions, mods such as WOG (in the wake of Gods), HOTA (Horn of the Abyss) and the project VCMI. ( for more information about mods refer to page http://heroescommunity.com/)

Also this version seemed to have some bugs such as music in city starting over each time you enter, in normal version it would carry on despite what are you doing, so you don't hear same piece of song over and over. But ithere is nothing game breaking.

If those bother you too much, and only want pure hotseat or single player experience by all means buy H3 complete with all features from GoodOldGames, because you will be dissapointed with this version, as you will miss great chunk of features in complete edition.

That said although it doesn't feature expansion packs, it is still H3, great basis for refreshed expansion packs. It is still the same playability, but now with easier set up for multiplayer game, and i am looking forward for expansion pack recreated the same way. And I must go now, ONE MORE TURN...
 

kabat242
490 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2021
This is a blast from the past! I remember playing this game in my youth when it originally came out. I love this game, and the remaster was done well. On 3rd level within the 1st campaign, and it plays just like I remember it.
 

kn1ght
33 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2015
I was so excited to play this game that I bought it without reading the reviews. it has no random map generator. the conflux is gone, the game is not the complete version.
how sad is it that they spend so much money remaking a game just to do half a job.
 

Banestrom
830 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
811.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2019
The best version of Heroes 1-7, but the map editor in this steam HD edition doesn't work (there's no "map" folder in the system fields, that means you can make up a map, but you can't play it.)

anyway, its the one of those best games from the old time, I bought it...
 

HollYcRaB*-炎焱燚
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2021
With HD game is beautiful and enjoyable even in 2021. Thanks for making it! :)
 

ivanovic.slavko1
19 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
195.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2018
It's a great game, graphics are nice, but there's no expansions so would not buy.
 

J0NTE
133 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
486.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2017
i love this game i hope that they sell heroes of might and magic 2 soon
 

EvilCanis
40 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2015
Product refunded

The game looks pleasing and there has clearly been a lot of work done.. The worst thing about the game as it is at the moment is that it doesn't include any expansions which makes the game feel dull and lacking content.

If the publisher released the expansions and extras as a patch for the game i will gladly get my friends involved with it, but for now.. The game is simply too bland.
 

Merchy
105 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
Laggy mouse, Laggy animations... graphics don't look that much better, no expansions (no random map generator). So far very disappointing and destroying the fond memories i had of Heroes III. Would like a refund, complete waste of money.
 

minibarry
200 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2021
Don't buy it here.

Heroes of Might and Magic 3 is an excellent game with a lot of good points, but this version is incomplete and only provides part of the actual game's experience. If you want to actually play the game (which I recommend), buy it on GOG[www.gog.com]. You've got yourself the complete version of the game, for a lesser price.

If you're looking for a HD version, you can download the HD addon for it[sites.google.com]. There are also some cool mods for it on the internet if you're into this sort of thing.
 

Krisys
634 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2019
How to continue milking the franchise you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ over and flushed down the toilet, Ubisoft-style. Let's release a timeless classic, now in HD! And just the basic game! None of that expansion crap, oh no sirree (maybe add later as DLC; definitely as DLC, pay up, le suckers!). While the textures now are indeed in full HD 4k 3D View Near-VR resolution, the game is what it always was - our numero uno favourite HOMM of all times.
So I definitely recommend getting the Complete HOMM3 on GOG.com, with all the expansions and whatnots.
 

sanderbrown83
565 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2016
You have to have this from day 1 to understand how great this game is.
But yh 10/10 would recommend, get it it's good
Oh wait you thought I was talking about HD edition? nooo the original with all dlc's is the one, go find it somewhere
 

Górskinho
123 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
121.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
It had so much potential but with barely any retexturing and most importantly no random map generation this game is complete garbage, just go and play the original complete edition which is cheaper and much higher quality. Waste of $15, and really? I know they couldnt get the source codes but how hard could it have been to develop a random map generator for your fans?
 

Radical
364 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2015
I got this game for free via humble bundle. If you are considering spending money on this, DON'T.
It's missing a huge amount of content (expansion packs) and the HD version is just updated sprites.

I got my old CD's from the early 2000s, installed the russian HD mod, and I have a far superior game.
Do not spend money on this until all content is added. I bought the CD's for 10$ in like 1999 for the complete pack, they want 15$ on steam for a remake?

This is not worth your money. Go to GOG and get it for like 9 bucks.
 

n3kkun
202 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2019
I am back to my childhood :3
 

Oenemeloen of Potatovia
159 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2021
goat
 

WysnysMeister
65 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2018
Brought back a lot of memories :)
 

Siand
23 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
59.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2020
Great game !
Played this when I was young, very enjoyable and not too much to it for a TBS!
 

nehi
197 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2020
Because u cant do Random maps, sucks alot
 

Linslus
11 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
35.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 9
Great game, lazy remaster. Buy the GOG version and install HOMM 3 HD+.
 

DOSLoVult
130 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
Total waste of time and money. They have put together an unfinished and almost non-playable replica of one of the greatest games ever. They didn't want to reincarnate classic game with love and passion. They just wanted to make some money with the least amount of work-hours possible.

Wouldn't recommend for anyone. Spread the word.
 

RooPelle
74 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
16.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2015
Shortly - *the* thing this remake should have going for it is the remade graphics. Well... sorry. Even the "HD" in title can't make the thing HD. My eyes are almost bleeding from this one. I don't mind playing old games with low resolution as I grew up with them but this is bad - you get sometimes a picture or something which was redrawn but the rest is only scaled and running with bad framerate so it'll leave you with bad feeling and hurting eyes.
In shor: just don't buy it.
 

istram
147 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2015
Hello.

This game is just a cheap hd-reskin, whithout any expansions. The developers ban people from forums for questioning this garbage. Dont buy it.

Buy the original + expansions from GOG, not from these clown developers.
 

Halfbeast
190 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 18
This is just not worth it. Even if you don't care about the missing expansions (I don't because I only played the base game as a kid and I have no attachment to the expansions) this versions just runs badly. It performs sluggishly. There's some sort of slowdown during scene transitions (when going from the map to a city screen and viceversa) that SHOULDN'T be there. And I've noticed audio and animation bugs that aren't there in the original either.

The updated graphics look nice but what is even the point if it inexplicably somehow runs worse than the original? Just stick with the GoG version with the HD mod. It literally takes 5 minutes to set up and even the most computer illiterate person can install it. Don't waste your money on this.

Also, if I might add, it's infuriating that instead of reviewing the remaster on its own merits people just plop down a positive saying stuff like "heroes 3=good". Yeah, of course it's good. But Heroes 3 is a 20 year old game. This is a cashgrab. But this happens with every cashgrab remaster out there for some reason.
 

Tyrannosaurus Rex
401 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 6
Don't bother getting it here. This is a great game. But get it in gog for 5 bucks and get the free hd mod. It's much better then this especially on higher res screens and much more user friendly. Then you can also install HOTA.
 

LowProKill
105 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
such a classic old school game upgraded to hd. Whats not to love
 

kato
20 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2021
since there is no DLC, and the difference between the origional and HD is so small its almost nonexistant, you are better off getting the origional+all dlc, its cheaper and more fun
 

triforceforever
458 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2021
where the ♥♥♥♥ are all other campaigns???
 

Mailomaily
121 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2021
no expansions available. unable to use community driven expansion Horn of the Abyss, therefore no multiplayer.
 

High Elf
82 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2021
BEST GAME EVER OMG, BUY NOW
 

narryyyyy
102 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
106.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2020
Great oldie. Works fine
 

faberjejo
8 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2021
"Look how they massacred my boy"

There are HD mods for the GOG version that work way better than this HD edition. In fact, that other version has all the expansion content and somehow this does not? Because apparently they 'lost' the source code. Alright, so how did modders actually managed to fix it then? Not gonna say it was lazy, because they clearly put effort into redrawing the sprites, but it just does not feel like a package that's worth it.
 

PodjeGamen
841 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
135.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2020
im sorry but this is a waste of time
the actual game is excellent but this "HD" edition is disappointing

it seems to make it "HD" you had to get rid of the dlc and not just the campaigns and faction but also random map generator and many world creatures and items

the supposed graphic improvement is non existent you may have seen an official add for the game that actually literally lies to you and showed the new sprites and the "old" sprites the only problem was the those weren't the actual old sprites... >:( they were fake way worse ones.

just go get the old game with the dlc somewhere else and get the hd mod which also improves a lot more then just graphics
 

Earl Grey
27 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2020
Heroes 3 is just one of the best games to exist. Fun classic game that just can't be beat. This HD edition is noticeable from the original and I clap my hands. Well done, looks nice.
Though I think there was only one actual change in with the game itself: I can't seem to cheese my endless skeletons! (as undead, buy a extra hero and use the "skeleton transformer" to convert all units to skeletons. Now you can buy 2 heroes with their full starting units and the next hero will always have only 1 unit instead of the chance of another 30 or so :) no prob though.
Best turn base game ever, far more than it's other games, and a good job with the HD Edition. Cleaned up the blur feel it had.
(also it comes up with the option for map editor from the start so that's kind as well :)
 

Xoxos
32 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
741.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2018
In my opinion this is the beat turn based rpg ever made for the computer! So awesome to see it here available!
 

spiderdad73
1 product in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2018
Best strategy game ever.
 

MyDarkPony
410 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2018
This is definitely my favorite game in the series
 

Easyjuhl
303 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2016
Love this game. REminds me of the gold old days, with maybe not so good graphics, but good storyline, and strategic game. WIll always remind me of playing it with my family.
 

highelfsjh
41 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2015
this game is not what it used to be. Why remove the random map option!? This is not recommended untill they put is back into the game.
 

PhoenixRebirth
205 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2015
Pay more for less. Cannot buy Ubisoft's excuses for lost source codes when modders are releasing town after town for the old version.
 

Whazze CEL
3,946 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2015
I bought this game, and started playing this,
I said it's just like the original

and after 6 hours of playing, in one shot I kept playing it
 

psyko.t3k
61 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2018
I have played this game ever since I was a wee lil muppet. Spent probably over a thousand hours on it with my friends back when the idea of Steam was not even in conception.

An old classic, with a good mod base/map base for those who seek it. Always a fun jump back in nostalgia lane.

For any strategy fans, this old gem is a must try, if even just for a moment to get to know the old ships that carried the genre.
 

Sandrak
312 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
The very top of the turn-based strategy genre. Basically chess with bells and whistles and christmas lights on. Includes beautiful mythical creatures from 8 well balanced factions that all differ in playstyle. Pick whatever you feel like that given day -- game never gets old. Includes a campaign, both local and online multiplayer - also, all skirmishes are fully customizable. Provides an independent map editor where you can create your own maps. On the downside, demands a lot of your time, also isn't the easiest game to get into.
 

underdog
232 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
63.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2015
Homm3 hd delivers just what it promises, the vanilla game in hd.
Alot of people are annoyed by the fact the expansions are not included, but it doesnt bother me the least.

Ingame you can press f2 to switch between hd and "normal" the differences are quite clear, hd looks alot more crisp.
you can even change the opening cinematics to the 3do logo.

The good:
- The Restoration of erathia campaigns are diversified and challenging.
- Lots of diffrent skirmishes.
- The epic homm3 music is as you remember it.
- game music is in its own folder for easy access to nostalgia music
- Its homm3
- Very stable game even on my lower than min rec specs( these are incredible high for this really old game)
- A lot of units that feel diffrent and diverse not just reskins.
- Hotseat campaign, (something devs overlook these days that I really aprecciate)
- Easy to use world editor.

The bad
- The game is old, probably not for people who have grown up with the new graphics engines.
- Not the complete game ( doesnt bother me tho)
- No steam workshop to share maps, mods etc.

All in all a really fun nostalgic experience well worth buying I will probably invest alot of more hours into this game.
 

Magic Rince (SIMS4=WIFE)
392 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2015
You know, most of the people here are giving this version a bad review, and I will have an opinion in contrast to them. Now, before you get on the hate wagon, hear me out. I am a diehard heroes fan, I have played them all since the begining and just want to state this. Heroes 3 is off course, my favorite, and I really wanted to see it in HD. For this , I am grateful to Ubisoft that they did it. I like the new sprites and the graphical overhaul , you really can tell the difference especially on a bigger screen. Yes I am aware of the comunity patch too- this version does look better because of the updated models. Now, could they have done more on these money and gave us the expansions? Definately, and with this I agree with the general consensus, they are stretching it... I would recomend this game on a sale, definately. The HD graphics and sprites do look sweet, for a Heroes 3 fanboy like me it does worth it. I did pay 15 euros and I am happy with my purchase so far. It is a decent price I think for a HD remake - many say is to much, but in the end, it is the producer's work that they put value on - (they could have included the expansions though-that's my biggest beef with Ubisoft). The GOG version, yes that is very good, I have that version too, I buyed this for the HD overhaul, and in this regard it has not dissapointed me.

@Ubisoft- Guys, I have paid the full 15 euros price on Steam, no keys from other retailers, no sale. My only request to you is this: Please make Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death HD too and put a decent price tag on them. I will buy them if you do, and I am sure many Heroes fans will, despite their negative comments here on Steam. It is good to see HD graphics on such a good game, and I am sure many fans agree with me here.
 

greenshaman
498 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
19.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2017
This remake just sucks, No expansions and it also lags(for me atleast(yes i have better than recomended hardware for this game)). Just buy the original on GOG
 

TheSpaceBoss
541 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2020
I used to love this game, didn't play it for a long time..
Now kinda feels like is missing a lot of things..atm it's just not worth the money..
 

Dappe
203 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
48.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2018
The most replayable game I have ever played - its always good fun - visually beautiful and not as clunky as any of it successors. I truely wonderful game to play - even better with the its expansions (which this version doesnt seem to have).
 

nikkyboy
106 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2021
Great game, but way less content compared to GOG version. No multiplayer lobby and no random map generator is the biggest flaw.

If you want the full heroes 3 pvp online experience, just get the GOG + Horn of the abyss update.
 

Shady
22 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2015
When this game came out, I was very excited to relive the Heroes III story. For a game made in 1999, I think, the overall HD improvement is noticeble, with many of the game's units which look noticeably different, redesigned portraits, much better looking artefacts, and hero interfaces.

Cons

- No Expansions, just Heroes of Might and Magic 3 basic
- No Cloud saves
 

Angelo
879 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2015
As a huge fan of Heroes of Might and Magic III since the release
I must say: This is just horrible - an outrage... gaaaar!!!
Its not just the missing content. The game just is not ready for a release!
Moats are buggy (dont deal damage), 'Space' doesn't work for re-active a object you are standing on,
the animations are awefull, the 'new' high-res textures are without any love painted in a few minutes by the janitor, fonts have been changed in the after-fight box and and and...
It took only one game to immediately un-install and never re-install it again.
God bless GoG for have the old game...
 

Nasenäffchen
581 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
disregard pretty much every negative review on here. Everyone is all upset about the game only including the original base game.

It never stated that it included anything else, you shouldn't negatively review a product because it doesn't have something it never said it had

They are also upset that it didn't include a map generator, kinda understand, and it'd be nice if they brought it back, however

Random Map Generator SUCKED, always has, always will, what keeps Heroes 3, map wise, alive, is people making maps, not just playing horrible generated maps that are unbalanced and unimaganitive. There IS a map maker in this game, if you want to play custom maps, make your own. If you don't want to make your own, go download the hundreds if not thousands of custom maps out there. They STILL WORK with this HD version (i just tested)

Now, there's really only one major thing this game needs, steamworks workshop. I TRUELY believe that if this game had a workshop, for people to show and make available their maps they make, it would be immensely better. Though considering previous maps do work and any map maker can put their map out there on some other website, it's not manditory, it would just bring things together a bit more
 

Tiel
2,283 products in account
1
31 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ top-of-the-line ripoff. Ubisoft is simply grabbing for moneya fter touching up textures and putting their useless name all over the game that was good before they "remastered" it with NONEW of the features from the old game that fans actually wanted like random scenario generator and the expansions which complete the game. This is a TOTAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WASTE OF YOUR MONEY DO NOT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUY IT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! this game has ensured a heavy Ubisoft boycott from me. ♥♥♥♥ this game.

Save some money and download it on GOG.

http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition
 

Greener
192 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2017
I played Heroes 3 for the first time more than 15 years ago and it is still one and the only strategy game i love and play to this day. This HD re-release is still worth it, especially for the new-comers. The graphics are updated and re-drawn from scratch and it doesn't strain the eye as much as the old one and makes the game look gorgeous. The online play just works through steam (even invites through steam overlay work) and doesn't require any dance with a tambourine around the computer and TCP/IP Hamachi or Tunngle work-arounds.

Yet it is a shame that this version of the game lacks of the expansions such as Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death which means it misses some multiplayer maps and the final kingdom called "Conflux" (which was one of my favorite).
We can only hope that Ubisoft doesn't play lazy (even without the source code from NWC) and could just add the expansions by themselves (if fan's decrypted source code and managed to do fan-made expansions, why ubisoft can't rework the old ones?)

Pros
-Same Heroes III you love
-Online play just works through steam
-HD Resolutions and re-worked graphics
-Music sounds much cleaner

Cons
-No expansions and no Conflux castle
-While in online play the game doesn't auto-expand when minimized, when it's your turn (old ones did)
-When the game set to English language and the host of the online lobby is set to different (Russian for instance) the game dialogues and names are displayed with weird computer simbols.
 

Cringe Lord
174 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
I pre-ordered the ♥♥♥♥ out of this as soon as the option became available; my first pre-order ever!
Lesson learned!
 

Umpf
31 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
240.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2021
Played on and off for the last 20 years and I still love it. Classic.
 

BriarBella
7 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
577.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2021
It is directly on par with old school game no issues so far other than they make you run a 64 OS which is so over kill for this game. I went and purchased new OS and updated just so I could play again.
 

SAIROC
9 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2016
classic XD
 

!♡♡♡!⁧⁧SassyBassy
1,295 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2017
Just downloaded, installed.
Game works perfectly for me with windows 10. I'm amazed to find out that it supports 4k!!!
This is absolutely beautiful, stunning. All those years I wished to play this in HD and now this is a dream come true!
Thank You.
 

deepx89
16 products in account
2
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
522.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2018
I don't see what all the negativity is about. So it doesn't have all the largely-useless crap that the expansions had. It's missing a few campaigns and a few of the later-added creatures. So what? And the lack of random maps? I've played Heroes III for some 20 years and the random maps always SUCK! Every. Single. Time. So it matters not a lick to me if there no RM. I'll play the vanillas til I croak.

If you can catch this gem on sale it's worth every penny. (No matter what content it does and/or does not contain, it is nowhere near worth any double-digit price; the HD Ed. launch price should have been about $10-$15, it's a great old game but it's just that: old. Never could be worth 20+ bucks, HD or not.) Whether you're an old-timer like me, or a young kid looking to see what Mom and Pop played in the old days, this is a great re-up of a classic. Give it a shot.
 

The Inquisitor
20 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
157.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2020
Ok, it is basic edition, but the content is still in the same good level (as in original from 90ties).
The HD resolution is great, the game looks great, new graphic experience
is marvelous. And that's it nothing more, nothing less.
This version won't run with any expension, but I can live with that.
If there would, I will probably spend 100 hours in that game.
 

cezOrion
36 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
What did you do to our holy main screen angel?! WHAT HAPPENED TO HIS BLADE'S FLAME?! WHAT KIND OF JOKE IS THIS... is that flame effect HD? Well if it is, give me back my original SD flame effect.

By the way they didnt bother with changing those short videos played right after battles (victory/defeat/run/siege etc...) They all are blurry and old as my granny.

go(g) play the other, real complete edition. Shame on you Ubisoft...
 

tea v!rus
598 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 27, 2021
It's not the OG HOMAM 3 you're used to. Do not purchase. It's a hollow shell of what it used to be.
Moats don't even do damage, there's no DLC so there's no Conflux, and also means there's missing campaigns and a lot of multi-player scenarios.
 

Vampurrrism
13 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2021
One of the worst purchases I've done--This Steam version of the game does not allow remote play to play with friends in Hot Seat, a mode where we can actually see each other battle the AI.

Remote play with friends is ideal for tactical games, how that is not an option here baffles me and makes this a waste.
 

Alex
120 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
334.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2020
Do you want your time to go by as fast as light? Play this. I just love this game so much, its system is very addicting.
 

WhiteWolfLord33
284 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2015
It's awesome that they brought a game like this back to life. But why did they leave out conflux and the map generator?? it doesnt make sense to me to leave those out?
 

Wonchie
105 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2015
dont buy - NO RANDOM MAP GENERATOR
 

BubuBuuu` RIP Global :(((
191 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2015
I love Heros franchise 3 edition especialy but for that price, vanilla game with no expansions, i'm afraid I can not recommend it.
 

Korial
855 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
pros:
It is Heroes 3

Cons:
It does not work
it is not the full game if it does work
it is more expensive than the full game

Do not buy it. It is the worst scam i have ever fallen for
 

Freger
303 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
68.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2016
Not Recommended. Go buy the Complete edition on GOG.
 

InnocentVision
55 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 12, 2017
on GOG is a much better and original version
 

Adrianex
202 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
rarely works. ubisoft employees in the support forums will tell you how to fix it or what to download rather than just give it you in the game files. pretty pathetic. version from GoG works fine everytime btw. buy it there.
 

Kaarington
129 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
190.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2017
One of the best strategy of all time.
It fits for playing after a long hard workday.
I'm having a lot of fun! It is really worthwhile.
I can recommend this game everyone who likes TBS (Turn-Based Strategy).

 

amicable
142 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
133.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2019
Everybody says that this is not complete game which is true, it only offers the campaign "Restoration of Erathia".
But for me , having up to date graphics is more important then the lack of conflux or the good artifacts.
I just cannot play Heroes 3 SD after playing Heroes 3 HD, the graphics are too old .

Single drawback is that no in-built random map generator, but with a simple google you can also find this as it was created by the community.

Overall it is a win-win.
 

uziwood
54 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
79.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 22, 2018
Without the random map generator and the two wonderful scenarios,this game in this state merely offers a touch of nostalgia that will last for what 2 hours of gameplay? Need the expansion packs ASAP
 

Faust1983
97 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 6, 2015
Please give us some major updates!
 

Alfons Åberg
60 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
178.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2021
one and only, no game comparable.
 

sakyuz
14 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
153.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2021
I loved this game way back in 1999 and I love it still!
 

ampruitt99
21 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
utter rubbish. I keep getting 'Error Code:2'. I can't even play it. It worked once then bust.
 

adam-ag
45 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2020
missing a lot of stuff, buy complete edition on GOG instead
 

Kulacs
30 products in account
0
82 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
4.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
Multiplayer glitched after about 3 turns. Sort your ♥♥♥♥ out.
 

philip_invictus
166 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
40.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Listen, Ubisoft wrote that they had WANTED to do the expansions but that they were unable to retrieve the source code from the now defunct 3DO, and so that this game would ONLY be the original Restoration of Erathia.

This information was available from the get-go and they never concealed it in anyway.
So, no point in acting surprised about it.

I thoroughly enjoyed this remaster of one of my favourite games!
 

Wollytusk
81 products in account
1
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2016
Received this as a present, otherwise i wouldn't have bought it. But i can't say i was curious about the HD remake. The "HD" is plainly nothing more but just a few graphic modifications and a resolution changer.

If you want this game just go and buy the Complete edition from GOG and install the HD mode. If you want more content search for WOG or HOTA. This will give you endless hours of fun!

The "HD remake" is just insulting, a money grabber for the nostalgic folk.
 

Dreadshade
554 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
68.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2020
Looks nice, because it is nice. No doubt, the new looks is great.
On the other hand, nearly instantly I had the desire to play WoG, Era 2 or VCMI... vanilla HOMM 3 is not good enough by itself anymore.
Due to the respect for the original HOMM3 I am recommending this game, despite I also believe that Ubisoft should not be fed anymore with our shekels.
 

Karol13
426 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
203.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 9
Oh boy, this is a hard one

Heroes 3 is an amazing game, one I and many others grew up upon, bringing back several memories each time I play. It has a working (but sadly often inactive) multiplayer, relighting the flame within several friendships from long ago.
BUT
The steam version of the game includes no DLCs, no rmg, thus majorly limiting single-player options and replayibility in comparision to versions having access to these. The only thing that would make this version worth buying is the HD re-texture, which can be modded into the GOG version in roughly 5 minutes, making even this feature obsolete.

I'm gonna give a positive review, but solely because homm3 is a wonderful game, aging like wine. However if you decide to buy a copy, do yourself a favour and buy it on gog.
 

Rukmadar
34 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2020
Just a fast cash grab by Ubisoft.
Asking €14,99 (without sale) for this is just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke, this is not even the full version of the game.

Pros
- Looks good on HD

Cons
- No "Shadow of death" and "Armageddon blade" expansion, at least make it possible as DLC???
- A lot of neutral monsters/camps are not in this version, like Fearie dragon & Crystal dragon etc.
- No map generator, you are done with the game after the campaigns. No endless fun like the old version.

I suggest you to go buy the complete edition of this game at gog, its cheaper and you get the full content of the game.
Download a HD mod and some community expansions like "Horn of the Abyss" or "Wake of gods" for free Is way more worth your time and money.
 

LYH
209 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
211.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
Best game untill 2000. Add the complete editoin to make it the ultimate game.
 

Erregrets
112 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
711.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 2
Steam version is as limited as it gets. Multiplayer is buggy and there only a few maps available to play.
 

My Grandmother
15 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
44.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2020
Probably the best TBS ever
 

DemolitionMan
8 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
383.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2021
One of the best pc games of all time!
 

Attben
210 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
57.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2018
Amazing game for hotseat party. Great memories
 

Voice
21 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 8, 2015
This is a terrible buy. I love the game but with not random map generator you have to play the Scenarios over and over. it gets boring unless you build a bunch of maps. Also where is conflux? I want to return this to get the Complete Edition.
 

KymeraSlayer
8 products in account
1
15 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
134.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2015
This is just the basic version of the game, without add-ons, so if you're looking for a "complete edition", then this isn't it.
You might also be wondering about the "HD" tag, and in this respect there's not much of a difference relative to the original release. Modern resolutions are supported without making pixels as big as your hand, and that in itself is something, but the game doesn't look "better" per se.

To me, the key question is whether or not this is a game worth playing, and to this question the answer is "yes". It's amazing how well HoMM3 has held up over the years. It's by no means a "complex" strategy game, since you're basically juggling a few reasources so as to maximise your long term output, and trying not to get outmaneuvered by the opponent. But there's surprising depth to the battle layer, with tons of tricks that you can learn (or, as in my case, remember) that will help you prevail in what may otherwise seem like unwinnable scenarios. Balancing this many units (eight factions times seven units times two variants, plus a number of "neutral" creatures) is hard, and I'm truly amazed, both as a player and as a professional designer, by how many tricks HoMM3 manages to pull off. There are a number of "spiritual successors", but none of the ones I've played is a match, design-wise.

The levels, that is - campaign maps, are well thought out as well. You will be constantly second-guessing yourself about whether you should explore that forest path, or maybe stick closer to one of your castles in case an enemy emerges from the tunnels. The addition of a second, underground layer has made the game essentially three-dimensional and added much to its dynamism, if not complexity. As a result HoMM3 doesn't take long to wrap your head around, yet it does take some time to master. It's a masterful balance of accessibility and challenge.
 

Zill
211 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2015
HEROES OF MIGHT & MAGIC III - HD EDITION REVIEW

Heroes of Might & Magic III:
Everyone agree that HOMM III is the best HOMM. Better than its ancestor and its succesor, even the HOMM VI itself. For me, HOMM III is my childhood memories. In early 2000 my uncle introduce this game to me, and in one week, I already addicted to this game and my childhood is full of fantasy about angels, devils, dragon, titan, behemoth, hydra, and many more.
As the time goes by, I decided to play Campaign and finish the storyline, and I must say, the storyline especialy Shadow of Death and Armageddon Blade is not a cheap storyline like other fantasy adventure, the storyline much more like noveltry and its awesome.
Almost ten years goes by after the last time I play HOMM III, in those ten years I was hoping that Ubisoft create new HOMM which is still awesome like HOMM III, and then I thought, "why not a remake of this game with HD definition? this thing is famous nowdays"

Heroes of Might & Magic III - HD Edition:
And then here it comes the Return of the Legends

I was dissapoint at HOMM III - HD Edition in Steam's Review Page. So many people dissapoint with the graphic, some people still find the graphic hasn't changing. Well, at the first time I install and play HOMM III - HD Edition, I had a same thought, and then I open my old HOMM and make a comparasion, and Im impressed of how well the improvement actualy is. The problem was in our way of seeing. We grow up with a lot of games that make a lot of improvement in every year, so the classic game look so awful. I think this case is same like the Fallout 4 problem

My Hope
I was grateful that I could play this game again in 2015 with a HD Remake.
I hope that Ubisoft also make the Shadow of Blade and Armageddon Blade Edition.
I dont care if its come as DLC for this Restoration of Erathia, or its come as diffrent game, I believe HOMM true fans will buy and play it, because Shadow of Blade and Armageddon Blade has a better storyline and game improvement.

I also hoping that in someway, Ubisoft also included the Wake of God edition, eventhough it was a fan made. Im sure that if Ubisoft collaborate and make this Wake of God edition, the WOG edition will come out as a perfect Heroes Edition.

My Rating for this Game:
Much Childhood Memories! 9.5/10
 

Eustass "Captain" Dad
76 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
159.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2021
DO NOT BUY!

If you want a good HoMM3 experience, buy it on GOG.
 

pykor
35 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 16
This HD version = Cut content (a whole lot).
 

Sloul Des Tucs
366 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
83.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
oh man, what a failure multiplayer online does not work!
Dont buy this game until they have fully updated it to what it should be ... if they will do updates that is...
 

Mudiaga
39 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
85.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2020
Adapted to run on Steam without need to use CD and old style installations
 

mirrorblack
6 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2020
I really like a series of these games.
But what Ubisoft did with this game is awful. How could you break the perfect game?
And why are blurring textures considered super quality? I sincerely believe that this
parody of the remaster should be removed from the store.

WHERE THE RANDOM MAP?!
 

The Destroyer
606 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
Heroes of Might & Magic® III is still the best Might and Magic game i have played and i am very sorry to give it thumbs down. I was very excited about the new HD uplift, and don't get me wrong, it does look gorgeous and refreshing.
However, it doesn't make up for the lack of DLC content which expanded this game so much and is so manz aspects, that i cant play without it any more. Should the DLC content be released in the future, ill bo more than happy to change my vote. Until then..
 

Snak3Eye5
244 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2020
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I just drank 2 monsters and smoked a joint and I think I am having the best time ever I could stare at this for hours on hours and not notice the time omg nice literally gifting this to my friend so we can play together ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
 

jtbbarrowcliffe
31 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
116.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2015
Don't listen to all the negative reviews - this is a decent remastered edition.

The graphics are remastered and look significantly better at high resolutions. The game is also completely stable. They did not include the expansions but the maps are easily downloaded and the extra race (conflux) won't really be missed.

My only gripe is that the multiplayer is a little buggy. Even with the proper ports forwarded we have trouble with people dropping all the time even though their internet is fine.

Buy for singleplayer. Do not buy for multiplayer.
 

Pieter
576 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
An enjoyable remake both long-time and new fans can spend/waste hour upon hour on, well worth both your time and money in my opinion.
The only drawbacks would be the lack of a random map generator and no Conflux Town, but other than that I have close to nothing bad to say about Heroes III HD.
Two thumbs up.
 

Grogar
87 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2020
Do I recommend yes but not on steam.
It might be in magical HD format but this version is missing the expansion content. which is a real put down. Get it on GOG you'll be happier no hd but full content and as of 4/10/2020 is on sale for $3.00 reg price $9.99
 

BlackStar836
641 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
72.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2020
In Heroes of Might and Magic you play the before mentioned heroes of either Might, or Magic and amass armies, towns and resources in a turnbased meditative romp through a medieval fantasyworld ripe with loot and madness. One could argue that it falls in the 4X category even though you yourself have no say in where to settle your cities. The combat is ye olde turnbased goodness and the cast of characters and monsters are amazing. The games hotseat is where I spent most of my olden days before good and stable internet was a thing in the rural hamlet I was raised.

HOMM3 is legendary. Period. However this edition of this game is not really much to brag about since it lacks all the expansions that made the original truly big and sprawling.
 

Kråka
415 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2015
Heroes of Might & and Magic III is a classic game which is loved by many including this reviewer. So imagine my disappointment when I realised that there is absolutely nothing new here. Actually, it is quite the opposite, whereas the original game has an extra faction (although that was unbalanced) and other expansion stuff, all that is gone now. Also, the AI seems MORE stupid than it's classic alternate. The only reason to buy this "HD edition" is if you want supported Multiplayer. The graphical HD aspect is frankly nothing special, just higher resolution and sharper textures than earlier. The old HoMM3 (abbreviation for the game's title) also has some impressive mods that the HD edition doesn't.

Verdict:
Stay away unless you want an officially supported multiplayer: the game on its own is a less extensive version of the original game.
 

Jumbo
126 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2021
horrible empty not realy playable without the expansions

get the gog version
 

venome
588 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2021
Look how they massacred my boy. Q.Q
 

Hextape
418 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
57.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2021
Great nostalgia. It is a good game too. A bit old school which I like. The Remastered HD-version works great on Full HD and QHD displays. Great!
 

artnoir
100 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
4.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2021
Good old game I spent hours playing! Love it no less then in my childhood.
 

Timey Wimey
208 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,878.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2019
Timeless classic, I play it to calm my mind before bed, often running in the background while I work, like a long drawn out game of chess.
 

asajedi
44 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
108.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2015
This remake isn't for everybody, but it's a very good release for a certain set of players, which includes me.

As everyone knows, only the Restoration of Erathia has been remastered. The expansions are not available. People who want to download and play custom maps are not going to want HoMM 3 HD Edition, because most custom maps require the expansions to play.

So what exactly do I like about it?

I've never been so devoted to playing any HoMM game that I spend all my time with it. I have a lot of other games I like to play. When I do feel like playing HoMM, I will pick a version and spend a few weeks or a few months playing with it. Then, I move on to the next game.

So, I guess you could call me a "casual" HoMM player, and I only am interested in single player mode. By the time I finish all the campaigns in Restoration of Erathia, I am ready to move on to another game. So, I might as well enjoy the Restoration of Erathia campaign with the best available graphics and remastering.

I also own the GoG.com complete version, with the HD mod. I find that I like the new HD version better, especially since it doesn't shrink the interface so small, and doesn't zoom out so far. I play on an 82" television screen, and the remastered character sprites are noticeably sharper to me than in the HD mod on the GoG.com version.

If I still feel like playing Blade of Armageddon and other expansions or downloaded custom maps after I finish Restoration of Erathia, I can move to the GoG.com with HD mod version and continue playing, although I will miss the improvements from the new HD version.

It doesn't have to be an either-or between the two versions. It can be a both-and. I will use the new version to play Restoration of Erathia, and enjoy lighting up the achievements and having the Steam support. Then I will switch to the other version if I feel like continuing.

I've had no problems with stability issues nor found any bugs, either.

I think my $15 was well-spent. That's less than the price of a home-delivered pizza dinner, and I'm getting weeks worth of much-enjoyed entertainment hours out of it.
 

belgarathmth
61 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2018
No map generator,its not really worth the money
 

Lieutenant Charles W Runkle
47 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2015
No random map generator. The complete version in HD is what I'm looking for.
 

steveevery
72 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2020
I play this offline on steam, it's one of my favorite game in my steam library. I recommend this game to anyone who likes magic and strategy games...
 

Keepontrying
334 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
340.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 20, 2018
Wish it had the random map generator like the disc version does/did

Favourite out of the series!
 

ramarshall2012
78 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 8
All time childhood favorite. Would recommend if you like turn-based strategy 10/10.
 

ZoMbi3-KiLLa17
27 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
107.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
Sorry to say. Quite disapointed about the content . . :(
 

Zanfa
71 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
185.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2018
No Expansions included. Just play the original and download a HD mod.
 

Heros5k
1,346 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
31.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2018
This steam version is just a standard one without any DLC available.
HMM3 is an interesting game itself but people include myself are not happy with this one after we played a newer version with DLCs. The base game is really boring compare with the one with DLCs.
 

< blank >
46 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
15.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 20, 2015
i have waited for this game for so long time.......
But i am very disappointed because of the kvality of the game....
I dont think they can call it HD edition ...In my mind they only change the name of the game and not the kvality of the game.
I did play the old might & magic III so i could see if they changen any thing.... and i could not see any changes .....
 

Eagle
36 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
304.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2017
Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia

Original cult classic turn-based strategy. This legendary game was released in 1999.
Here already after 18 years "HOMM" does not lose its popularity among the players.

Disclaimer
This review is based on my opinion and experience of the game. This does not mean that you, the reader, should share a glance with me or have the same game experience.

What changed
At-first, it's just high-definition version of original HOMM III The Restoration of Erathia. There are no other changes in gameplay or set of castles, heroes or units. Yeah, with old good seven campaings about Katerina the Griffin's Queen, Dungeons and Demons, etc. But you will get nice picture only if you played up to Full HD resolution. If you want to play on larger resolution you will see small combat window in world map or something else :)
Also, there is a good advantage that game released in steam. Game have Steam achievements, community, etc.

My review is based on may year of play (almost all time of game existence)

Category	Score
Gameplay	4/5
Sound and music	5/5
Graphic	4/5
Plot	5/5
Cost and releases	3/5
Total score	21/25

Details for each item

Gameplay
This is old good gameplay. But in this version of game there is very stupid AI. In another words the bots do almost nothing (in any difficult). So, I strongly advise if you want to play this game, would be better to find some friend in Steam to play together.
Sound and music
Perfect thematic soundtracks and other envirements sounds.
Graphic
4/5 only for not good enough implement for lerger then FullHD resolution.
Plot
Sandro, Queen Catherine and others. We all know well this company :) So, if you are new one in this game series better to go to wiki or other resourses. Just believe this game (and all series) have quite the lore.
Cost and releases
Many people are outraged at the price of this game and no one more releases for this game series like Armageddon's Blade and The Shadow of Death. Well, I hope that we will see these expansion packs in Steam with new HD graphic soon as possible.
 

Sant
413 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
GUYS! WTF is wrong with you? Can you see what the title says. Its says Heroes of Might and Magic 3 - HD Edition. It doens't say complete edition. Many people says its not the full game. Look at the title. It is the normal game.

The diffrents:
- 1 town. Conflux its called. (The Element Castle)
- Random map button
- Some campains
+ Multplayer ONLINE over Steam. How great is that? At the old days you needed a freaking cable from 1 computer to another. Isn't great that you can now do it wireless, over the internet?!
+ HD Textures

They said it was because they lost the souce code for the complete edition (An ekstra castle, campains and random map generator) You paid for the first version of the game, and here you have it.
If you are so mad (because you think you do not get the full game) Then buy the Complete Edition. Or hope Ubisoft will recreate the source codes and make the Element Castle and the Campains as a DLC :)
I hope you understand the diffrents now and know why.
 

Pesty man
356 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
111.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2021
This game Is a INSANELY Unbalanced, Ugly and cringe. the writing is so 90's high fantasy, that it hurts.
if you play this game then no normal human being will ever let you touch them...





I LOVE IT
 

Gifith Vrumoth
952 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2017
Ah, this one is a golden classic. I don't even care about the whole "Remade in HD" fuss, I just love it that I get to play this masterpiece via Steam now, it's just convenient.
What's fun about the game is that even if it is so simple in terms of gameplay and strategies in comparison to many other strategy games, as it's still very versatile when it comes to different towns, heroes, units and so forth.
So basically you start with a town. There's plenty to choose from and each has their strengths. The towns are upgradeable and the buildings you buy or upgrade then will either give strenghths, bonuses or enable you to recuit certain types of military units, which your heroes can then take under their control as they start to explore the campaign map for resources, treasures, other towns or enemies to conquer and defeat, as well as other odds and ends. each player also gets a starting hero and can recuit more from their towns. Heroes all have specialities and gain experience via battles. When leveling up, they can choose a new skill to learn or upgrade an existing one. Skills llow you to cast spells on your enemies or support your own army, give your units damage or defence boosts, allow you to travel and see further, or even allow them to make neutral armies join you; or raise the dead to fight in your undead armies after bloody battles!
The units in the game are also very diverse. Some are like tanks, some fly, some do ranged attacks, some can support other units and some weaken stats of enemies, some heal after attacking, some are immune to all magic, whether it was to make them stronger or weaker.
The battles are fought on a grid and are also turn based, often with obstacles on them. There are different strategies when it comes to battles but the most common one is to send your melee units forth and keep your ranged lads in the backline. Some units may even fly, which is convenient to eliminate enemy ranged units as they can fly over obstacles and melee enemies.
Well; I relly don't know what other to say about this game so I will conclude;

In a nutshell; it's like a good RPG with the exception that also strategy; you control multiple characters, who then control armies. A fine mixture.
 

jvlle
667 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
How many time do we have to remind them that Heroes fan LOVE random maps?!?!
 

Ulfbaen
363 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2021
Don't buy this HD edition, go for GoG complete edition.
 

YaBenZonna
432 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
98.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2016
Not full expansion, no conflux etc
 

River
22 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2,783.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2017
Been playing this since 1998. Best multi-player war strategy game ever. RISK meets WARCRAFT on Steroids.
 

HideousWisdom
17 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 18
without the two expansion packs … and not to mention the community developed content like Horn of the Abyss, this HD edition just does not make sense.
 

キルケー
274 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2020
It is the original version of the Heroes of might and magic III, without the expansion. It has sprites redrawn, but imo most of them look pretty meh.

It runs fine but it is capped to 33fps by default.

I prefer playing the original with expansion and having HD mod on it, it zooms out the play area and adds lots of quality of life and for that reason I cannot recommend this version as only thing better is that this one you can buy from Steam.

For 100% people, doing achievements are pretty easy as you can just download save files and/or create custom map for easy achievements.
 

Bubblejunk
3,641 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
54.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2015
I hate to say this as i had such high hopes for this release when i put money into it...


Dont buy it...this was a cash grab...there were a few (maybe 5 total?) updates since the game was released fixing some bugs i never even noticed (the color brown not being brown????wtf???).

They STILL HAVE NOT RELEASED THE EXPANSIONS -THAT MEANS NO ARMAGGEDONS BLADE WITH RANDOM MAP GENERATOR (AND CONFLUX TOWN BTW...) AND NO SOD WITH ITS AWESOME ARTIFACT COLLECTIONS!!!

The game is lacking content severly (there are however some mods available if you search....one of which is the random map generator).

Pretty sure we will never see this "revamp" be brought to completion - whoever owned this project got enough money for his new car i guess....


*************************************************************
UPDATE: 2 years and about 3 months later not a single additional update...THEY DIDNT EVEN FIX THE SPACEBAR - YOU CANNOT RE-ENTER A BUILDING BY HITTING SPACE!!!!
 

LethaLdOobiE
103 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2019
This is truly a hidden treasure. It was released about two decades ago and it still holds up well today. It is considered to be the most popular Heroes game ever and its setting is in the original high fantasy setting. You should consider buying this as you may learn a thing or two about THE TRUE HIGH FANTASY fantasy. 5 of 5 stars.
 

FrozenInTime123 (Lone gamer)
216 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
120.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2017
Don´t buy this Game if you want to play it in multiplayer!
Crashes every few ingame weeks, and heavy connection Problems.
If you load a multiplayer game, you have a 50% chance that it will work.
The game is fine in SIngleplayer but also boring.
 

Chricki
179 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2019
Played this A LOT when i was younger; and it's still a great game. Make sure to play the Warmongers scenario; I love that one! :)
 

Waxlor
2,355 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2020
I owned the Shadows of Death expansion back when it came out in 2000 and played this one at my friends house numerous times back in the day. Love this game and this remastered version LOOKS GREAT.
 

killrmoose27
38 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 16, 2020
0
 

Piepolice22
118 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Hmmm Shame on You Ubisoft u want money for this ? for nothing ? the new HD Grafik looks good but this is thedont worth 15€ without the Addons ( a few guys dont know whats a addon is. u know it as DLC before the game industry ruined games with DLC).
With this work u summon a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ? Look at the Fanmade HD patch this looks even better than ur offical HD game and they have more Gameplay changes too play the game better and faster .
Now in Pro Contra:
________________________________________________________________________________
Pro:
+No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Launcher needed <<< i really hate 2 x Online DRM protection
+ hmm thats the only thing thats Pro ohh no wait
+IOS+Android version of Heroes

Contra:
-Multiplayer issues, no Lobby, no steamworks multiplayer.
-Never Worth 15€
-No Addons (DLCs) < hmm maybe the next addons cost 15€ too
-No Random Map generator
-No LAN < i hate developer for this .......(destroy the good old LAN PARTY)
-Community HD Patch looks 1000x Times better then this HD remake
 

D4rkW4rden
1,792 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2018
classic
 

KARSIX
120 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
218.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2015
it is a good game
however,
this remastered
Full of bugs, (river cause no damage on siege battle+endless error on multiplayer) just don't waste money on this version
 

savior.zhou
82 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2016
Doesn't have the expansion packs or whatever but it looks good with the HD sprites. Get it if it's cheap, it's a classic.
 

Ashxu
364 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2017
It is an older game. To be completely honest, the "remastering" was really not noticable at all. But that does not matter, this game is timeless in my opinion. Its fun, its challenging, and its great. It has to be the best RPG strategy game I have ever seen.
 

TyTheThriver
80 products in account
0
113 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
What a piss poor performance by Ubisoft yet again, first they abandon their latest HOMM title just to comeback and ♥♥♥♥ this classic right up the ass. Seriously. Go to GOG and buy EVERYTHING from them then seek out the Wake of the Gods mod for this game, you WILL have good times.

No random map generator?

I see nothing HD around here, they changed the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ aspect ratio and call it HD. Rubbish.

What I would enjoy is to see them add the expansions, that would be called completion. If you do the base game why not go for the expantions aswell. What a waste of time
 

BUTTERSQUAT
290 products in account
1
30 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
I dont understand why a Core i7 with Radeon R9 280 would be in result of super laggy gameplay and simply un-playable.
As other people also mentioned that this Heroes 3 is NOT included with COMPLETE DLCs.
Dont bother with it waste of money (at this moment)
 

[HKG]CCSo
431 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2016
i cant find random map for HD edition. its so little random map. there are so fews map. not worth the money.
 

boybe
26 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2017
no utility ! i think you should play at the original !!!! this is not a complete version ...
 

[ETR] ✟Zazel✟
373 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2021
Brings me back to the olden days. Great fun playing with friends.
 

aparisi1213
1 product in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 2
Not working on Win10 or 11. Thanks Ubisoft.
 

Retri
288 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
290.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2017
This is a great re-rendering of the graphics of the original HoMM3 which dates back to about 1999. This game is one of the all time great turn based fantasy strategy games and the jewel in the crown of the entire HoMM series, and these graphics give it a genuinely fresh feel. Sadly, it doesn't include the Armageddon's Blade or Shadow of Death expansion campaignsbecuase the original code has apparently been lost for those expansions. That is a real shame, but there are still easily 80+ hours gameplay to be had just from the original RoE campaigns and included scenario maps. Still highly recommended!
 

nevarn
497 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2019
Great game, but is the OLD version of the game (not because it is HOMM3 either)! HD Edition? Hardly - more like HOMM3 *LITE*! All pre-patched BS, all the way through; which is why I can't recommend this! Buy HOMM3 Complete off of eBay or you will notice obvious problems with this version. A few things stand out to me:
- Moats don't cause damage! I thought this was patched a few months after it was released! If troops are walking through lava or toxic/poisoned swamp water, they get hurt - nope, not in this version! What's the point in having one if it does almost nothing?
- Dragon flies don't cast weakness! So now they are little flying targets, doing very little damage and just flying about! This was patched a few weeks after release because all they do is dispel positive spells - so they are very under-powered in this version! Don't even bother training them!
- No random play maps - scenarios only! Not sure if this was part of the HOMM3 Complete, but it can get boring VERY quickly without fresh random maps.
- None of the HOMM2 creatures like halflings/hobbits - those little rocks throwers were gold! I miss them...and enchanters too!
- No specialised dragons like rust dragons, faery dragons, etc. which kick any other dragons @$$e$! I think this was part of HOMM3 Complete, along with the Conflux town, but you won't find it on Steam!

I don't see why we can't get the full patched version of this game; it spoilt it for me!

All in all, don't waste your money - buy HOMM3 Complete off of eBay for the same price! Who really care if you don't get achievements/trophies if your are forced to play a sub-standard version of this game?
 

Omega--MG
30 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
127.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
Its a classic. It was an awesome game, one of the best games of my childhood. The thing is this remake was just aiming to make some money rather than deliver the greatness fo Heroes 3. Some functions from the original game are not implemented and there are no expansions aviable. The price is rather high. I do recommend owning this game in general, so if you dont have it, wait for a sale and get it. If you have working original version with expansion sets, stick to that one.
 

Setho
2,047 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
This is a remake of one of the best strategy games ever conceived by a human being. Yeah, it's missing the expansions. But, it works great on widescreen monitors and it plays just as well as the original. Can't go wrong with this one.
 

BitWraith
858 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
218.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2016
This is, in my humble opinion, one of the finest games ever created. It hurts me deeply to see it rated poorly, as the result of people complaining about the lack of expansions, or random map generators, etc, when the game itself is so incredibly immense and beautiful, even in its smallest aspects. The truth is that this game is profoundly beautiful, and even more so now as the result of those who took the time to polish and HD it - another facet many seem to be complaining about, and yet it clearly looks amazing now; it has been brought back to life for a whole new generation through this hard work. I want to take this as an opportunity to personally thank the people responsible for doing this, for truly it is difficult to improve upon a masterpiece, and yet here it stands: You all have done wonderful work, and I honestly couldn't be happier with it. I think it's spectacular. I understand that it doesn't have every element of the orginal, and the expansions, but those are but pebbles in the cosmic ocean of how brilliant this is despite them. We need to get the rating higher on this game so that more people are drawn to experience its Magic, and with a little luck, we just Might :) Sincerely, Kenalthani
 

Kenalthani
28 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
Great Game! Probably the best TBS-game to be ever made. However, this version is not worth it. It has neither the"Armageddon's Blade" nor the "Shadow of Death" expansion.
Just buy the Complete Edition on GoG. It's got all the expansions for a smaller price and it's compatible with the HD mod, which adds loads of qualitiy of life improvements.
 

Comrade Bigweld
96 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2016
Missing the Complete version...:(
 

Pyral
108 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 20
This game doesn't hold up without the DLC. I'd recommend getting the complete edition from GOG.
 

stringerbell
29 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 21
I really liked the hot seat option for multi-player because me and my little brother were able to play it on one computer.
 

dmanlol6948
16 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
227.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 4
the best of the series to date.
 

Ice-Blade
12 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2020
Does not include expansions. Just buy the Complete Edition from GoG.
 

Gonzo
139 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2015
8 of 10. Amazingly fun, complex and addictive gameplay.
 

MrYippeeKiYay
416 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 28, 2017
I go back and forth on whethe I like Heroes 2 or 3 better, but both are some of the greatest turn based strategy games of all time. The HD remaster is well done, better than I've seen in mods if only marginally, but I can't recommend paying full price for it without the expansions being included. I already owned the entire series on GOG when I bought this for cheap in the Summer Sale here, and five bucks plus some change feels about right. With the expansions I'd happily pay the full price of what Steam is asking.
 

MrVelociraptor
172 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
This game is tough to review. It's an upgraded version of the original, which released back in 1999. I don't care to, and have never played H3 multiplayer, keep that in mind. I have never played the original vanilla game, instead I used a mod to make the game playable on modern computers, I'll get to that in a moment.

The biggest pros are the new HD graphics, standard support for 1080p, and more than 64k colors.
The biggest cons for the new HD version is that you could install a mod for the original game called 'HoMM3 HD' ( https://sites.google.com/site/heroes3hd/ ) which supported larger resolutions than the standard 800x600, 32-bit colors, and it added A LOT to the game, A LOT! You can imagine a mod being worked on for at least 5 years, has some great features. After you use the mod, it's hard to go back to the vanilla game and all of the mouse clicking involved with it.

I'm not here to say this HD version sucks, it's a classic game. You can play random maps by loading pre-built RoE random maps generated with the original game (or downloaded online). There's a tablet version, but you could already play the original game on a tablet before.

To me the only thing this game adds to the old game is updated graphics, and for me that's not that big of a deal, I would rather have the features from the HD mod instead of the graphics, so I'll stick to the old game until there's a mod for H3 HD.

I'm also hating that I'm reviewing a game called "Heroes of Might & Magic 3 HD", but it should be called "Heroes of Might & Magic 3 - Restoration of Erathia HD" --- there's a big difference and I'm still sore about it.

(2017-07-20):
It's come to my attention the reason Ubi decided not include the expansions of the game because the were unable to acquire the original source code (source[web.archive.org]). I linked to the archive.org version so ubi can't change anything like they already have. You'll notice currently the image in the Steam store says 'The Restoration of Erathia' underneath HD Edition. This was NOT the case when I originally purchased the game:
proof[web.archive.org]

Ubi had this image, which includes the RoE tagline at the bottom, back in 2014 before the game was released on Steam, but decided to omit that and made no mention that it didn't include the expansions, nor did they provide a link to their page on their website that said it didn't include it. I'm not sure if they even had this game on their own store back in 2015 (it's not there as of today). I believe that I should be allowed to receive a full refund for purchasing a game that isn't as advertised. Yes, I am still sore about it.

BTW, the 'HoMM3 HD' that I posted above will not work with this game. Take a look at what that mod does for the UI: here[sites.google.com]

Also, sales figures and average playtime stats are in: https://steamspy.com/app/297000

(2020-05-24):
Ubi'is'soft has been very very very bad.

I'm refering to the fact that the lost source code was found and sent to Ubisoft
https://twitter.com/DiskBlitz/status/920801845349466113

Ubisoft had a FAQ for this game of why they didn't do the complete version which states they don't have the source code. There hasn't been an update to the FAQ or any mention of the HOMM IP since this HD version was released 5 years ago. They need to address the elephant in the room or let another publisher do so. I can't trust a company that ignores answers to the #1 complaint to their game or that misleads advertising a game to increase sales, which was to ignore that #1 complaint -- they knew not having the source code would be an issue. They decided to hide that when releasing the game. They now have the source code. There are no excuses. Make the expansions.

Oh yea. SteamSpy Sales numbers are now hidden. When I posted the sales figures above, the game had sold 500k copies. You do the math.
 

Blitz4
768 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2016
As a big fan of the original, I do love this. Few traits from mobs have been removed, some changes made that just didn't need to be. The biggest let down, for me, is the lack of the 2 expansion packs. Bring them out as DLC and this would be perfect. As it is, it's just good.
 

Tom H
224 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2015
UBISOFT, don't be lazy and try to "remaster" Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death too.

Now, the HD mod that many praises only gives you a zoom out on the whole screen to support higher resolutions and that's it. No changes to textures/sprites/bitmaps. So it's hardly the same thing.

This HD edition is based on vanilla Heroes III that has only one campaign, Restoration of Erathia. Also, Random Map Generator was added in Armageddon's Blade, along with other additions like Conflux town, more artifacts, etc.

I have GoG Complete version, even big box Heroes Complete Collection and I bought this too. It's a nice feeling to play the game that gave me so much wonderful memories. I've played the demo of this game for weeks even tho it was only one map with limited time.

The only bad thing is that the chances are very slim for an HD edition for AB and SoD and maybe the price.

This is the same game that many of us played back in '99 so don't hate it because Ubisoft is involved.
 

TimmY
1,231 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
26.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2016
i cant believe there is no random map generator here ... i would not have purchased this... fubard!
 

Sirkenster
29 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2020
No DLC available makes it not worth to buy here on Steam. There are other places you can get the full game+mods for not much.
 

Buskolsky
575 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2020
This game help me start my path on strategy to what I am today. To relive my past game when it was my brother, dad & I played it together bring back memories. I like this game for beginner Strategy to have start.
 

Biltzkrieg
30 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2016
Heroes! This is the one and only, the others are ♥♥♥♥
 

bear_buse
67 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
12.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
Don't listen to the negative reviews. If you can read the store page, you know that the game doesn't come with the expansions, and therefore, have no right to create a reivew complaining about the lack there of.

The HD edition plays very well. Online multiplayer works great. The community is already going to work to fill in the gaps that Ubisoft left; there's already a random map generator utility. Users will create mods that add the expansion content and the mods from the original Heroes 3 game eventually, so just wait on the purchase if you can't live without those.
 

Syretia
404 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Amazing game, the best in the series in my opinion. The support for high resolutions without tweaking ( I run 3240x1920 ) makes me very happy, as it can be a hassle getting some games to run properly.

With a good mix of tactical strategy and RPG elements this game can lead to some very long and epic matches.

-Fun, but might be slow paced for some people.
 

Doppelsoldner
192 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
If you want to play this game for the single player, hotseat and stuff, like myself, BUY this game. Worth it. Love the graphic!

If you want to play online with multiplayer and with all the "old" expansion packs, wait with buying it, untill the DLC is out :)
 

Bach
149 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2020
Unbelievable how the "new and polished" version of this epic game is so full of new bugs that make it basically unplayable.

The fullscreen mode can't keep the mouse inside the game container: when you try to scroll map left or right by moving the cursor to the edge of the screen, it ends up on other monitors (I have 3) - which is very annoying.

During a battle you can cast attacking spells (like magic arrow) on empty cells, which instantly crashes the game.


And the fact that I'm writing this review in 2020, 5 years after the release date, shows Dotemu and Ubisoft haven't just slacked on quality assurance - apparently they also just don't care enough to fix it.


Huge disappointment.
 

[3TON] Dagor-Naur
171 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
228.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2020
Don't get me wrong, this was an incredible game in itself and well worth it, however after 20 years, you'd expect that it would have been improved in some way in regards to various glaring flaws. Only purchase this if you're a fan of the series and it's significantly reduced in price.

Unfortunately in the process of New World Computing going bankrupt, it seems to the codebase to the later versions of the game was lost, meaning that this rehash is based upon a somewhat early version of the game that lacks somewhat important fixes and improvements. One cannot purchase un-upgraded creatures from a town building, and quite frequently the wrong music will play upon the game starting. The developers seem completely uninterested in actually doing anything about things like this which means that you're getting an inferior experience to the base game on CD with all the patches.

On top of this, the "HD" name only extends as far as the graphics. The music is still 128k MP3s and the sound effects 4-bit(!) wave files. The new graphics aren't particularly anything to celebrate either as they're essentially just paint jobs over the original rather than new renders. The original graphics still do hold up quite well to the point where Ubisoft were caught lying in promotional material about the overall difference in quality.

This being the state of affairs, it's impossible to recommend as a potential purchase at full price. I only bought this on DVD from a video game shop because it was marked down significantly. The fan-made Russian patch for the original game provides many more fixes and is an ultimately far superior experience. There is a fan-made patch for this as well out there that provides features that should have been included by default, however it causes the game to crash more often than not.
 

Hamish MacBeth
160 products in account
0
78 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
So stupid the random map generator is missing, it was the best feature of the game.

Just bought this game along with my brother. I host a map and he joins after getting invited. After a few second in the map he gets thrown out of the game, and now I can enjoy multiplayer alone!
 

Decoy -_-(//////////)
18 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 27
The best game through the relentless ages. But!?
Why still do not available on macOs?
 

toothgrinder
145 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
136.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2021
Epic game, best in series in HD - what's not to like? Has minor bugs like town defenses does not work as the should - moat does not do damage!
 

PaxMagellanic
238 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 24
no random maps
 

Oktasat
70 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
214.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 2
Classic SLG, good way of killing some time.
 

ALEX
24 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2020
This version does not include the expansions so it's not worth it. Get the Complete Edition from GOG and install the HD mod if you want.
 

Mitsukuni
896 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2020
A Classic. Works well with proton :)
 

hannes.olsson
20 products in account
0
222 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
DONT BUT IT ! I REPEAT: DONT BUT IT.

The most disappointed point to me that they dont allow players to play random maps, only available scenarios. They also lack of one faction
i did hope that i can play with friends with this version, but it was a big disappointment again, with no random maps, we have to choose from a list of scenerios, and there are always some CPU there

the worst 15$ of my life
i will come back to my wake of god then
 

[MN]Neo
908 products in account
7
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
64.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
My thoughts...

Pros:
1. The game looks heaps better!
2. Multi Player function works very well! (easy to create a game and then invite friends from your steam friends list)
3. Save games, connectivity is good

Cons:
1. Does not come with expansion (no extra maps, no Conflux, no random map generator)
2. $16.95 is a little too pricey for what you get
3. Slight delay when ending turn and when completing combat

I am having fun on this game and so would recommend it. I think the majority of people, including me to a degree expected more completeness. I am really hoping they include more maps/the expansion. It would really suck if we had to buy downloadable content.

I am having fun playing this classic childhood game
 

Nymeria
150 products in account
0
40 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2015
It limits the content from HOMM3 Complete Edition that you can get on GOG for like 1/3 the price, plus it has no random map generator which is what has kept me playing this game for 15 years. I was very excited for this game then almost instantly let down, which is a shame because the visuals do like very nice.
 

corntoast88
93 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
37.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
Even though that HD textures are great, but HD version of HoMM III already existed before this game was even re-released and I'd argue that its layout is even better than what you've tossed at us, Ubi. Moreover it doesn't support Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death. Missing Conflux, unaligned creatures, random map generator, less item variety adds up to the unpopularity of H3HD.

Essentialy you're asking 15$ just for the textures. If so then atleast allow to apply those textures to our already owned copies of HoMM.
 

wrao
254 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,723.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
I've played this game since it was first released and yes this may not feel like the original, But i really don't care. Its on steam and its playable and thats what i wanted. I believe it says hd not complete so stop complaining.

Of the expansions i really only wanted armageddon's blade.
Map generator i can live with out half the maps it made i found where just unplayable i prefer fan made maps anyway release a map pack for it charge $15 for it. Cod games can do it.

I'm very happy they didn't change much on original.
Buy on gog they say why would I I'm invested in steam.(i want to play all my games at the same place)
I can just buy heroes 3 complete on ebay which i did i have 4 copies of heroes 3 complete.
Im just happy EA never had it...
I want alpha centuari on steam or even red alert 1 or 2. EA Sigh......

Just be happy its still around :)


About game so far while playing:

- Mouse cursor laggy in HD. SD is fine.
- Display of play screen is off centre.
- Blah can't seem to re-vist mines, creature dwelling etc... with spacebar.
- Overall display is better. Creatures, towns etc.
- AI appears the same.
- Multiplayer for me is buggy ''out of sync with players who join my games'' but can join others fine at moment.
- Game has not crashed yet for any reason.(Homm3 Complete crashed alot in multiplayer for me)
 

Spartacus
368 products in account
2
48 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
I'm not sure I actually want to recommend this game since I have only been able to play for 25 minutes and am already receiving an error code.

I want my money back, plz
 

BevvieJ
52 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
Classic
+ Classic
+ best HoMaM ever

- only one piece, not complete version
- expensive as hell (buy only in sale)
 

yetyzyma
83 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2021
This game rules
 

skiles9009
25 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
244.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2018
it is ok but better with exxtended parts
 

dillonsrevenges
105 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
62.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 19
With no DLC and you can find GOG version with patches that works way better than this. This is waste of monney!
 

chesley.hu
12 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2020
THIS VERSION IS A SCAM!!!
Get the complete edition on Good Old Games where you actually get the important part which is the random map generator.
 

Lavafish
300 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
29.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2018
Get the version from GOG. This sucks.

 

Dyck_Face
38 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
195.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2021
Okay so originally I said it wasn't worth paying for, but I actually do appreciate the HD graphics.

I also really appreciate the fact that the moat does not damage your troops.
That was the dumbest change they added in the entire series.
 

Kimo
189 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
The game itself is as good as ever. But be aware that multiplayer hosting over steam only works at the moment if you can access your router and open a certain port. If you have no access to your router settings you can not host a game. And even if you get that to work there are still a lot of connection problems in mutliplayer.

So singleplayer = great
multiplayer = not really
 

Atnaja
83 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2021
Great game. Been playing it since it came out. Definitely one of the best Might & Magic
 

maria_manzaneque
24 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
150.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2021
這是一個沒有DLC的版本，沒有新種族，沒有隨機地圖。感覺精髓都蕩然無存。價格比GOG貴不說，而且人家是全dlc的啊。
 

Yoshua
4,178 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2017
Old but gold.
 

Mike
69 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
135.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 7, 2015

YouTube™ Video: Lil Peep & Lil Tracy - Past The Castle Walls (Castles 2) 
Views: 373,294
Hype
 

bmmshayan
215 products in account
7
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
256.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2020
Classic Game
 

WentFinder1991
6 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
79.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2021
This game does NOT include random maps. Not playable.
 

Coolpix
20 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
57.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2021
I love this game but recommend getting the full version + add ons on GOG. This version is missing some of the missions.
 

lala123
234 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
557.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2019
I loved Heroes of Might and Magic Complete. This is an earlier, lesser version of it. No Elemental Castles. Lots of monsters missing and no random map generator. I really don't understand why Steam wouldn't offer up the latest and greatest version of this otherwise excellent game. 5 years later and it isn't still out. Why?
 

gdub411
6 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
25.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2015
I paid 15 euros only for the online multiplayer and it's not even working. I have to "forward a port " or some s**t. How is this even possible, to advertise something and deliver an incomplete product. I don't have time to read forums just to figure out how to make muliplayer working. I paied for something now I want it to work. don't buy this...I wish I could get my money back.
 

Joe Exotic
37 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
34.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2015
Well, I knew when I got the game, that it's only RoE (The original H3), and I will not just scream about it missing the expansions,

I played Heroes of Might and Magic III since it came out. The game itself is the best multyplayer turn based strategy I have ever played, NOTHING can replace it in this category. Hotseat with a friend, family, Hamachi match vs friends, some of the best gaming memories.

The HD edition of H3 RoE is amazing I have to say, the HD lift gives the game a refreshing vibe, reliving your favorite TBS game feels great! Seeing this game wanted to be brought back to life made me want it on Steam since I saw it was announced, But...

The lack of a proper multyplayer lobby
Missing 2 expansions which include many artifacts, heroes, monsters, game options, a castle..
The ridicilous hardware requiermants (as a person with an avarage PC and an older laptop I have to point this out)

I would still reccomend buying this game, it's worth the money, HOPEFULLY the developers will "add" Armageddons Blade and Shadow of Death either as DLC or a FREE UPDATE >>(IKR who am i kidding, "free" lel).

I kinda still prefer teh GOG Complete version, because of the expansions.
The developers of this game version need to step up, bring it to the next level, there are people who would buy this game version on Steam over the GoG version, if it met some of teh BASIC multyplayer features.

"No matter who you choose, the other side will always call you a traitor"

Cheers.
 

Keen
135 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2020
There is not official DLC's and dlc's was the best thing about this game.
 

pigerina
19 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2020
Not gonna recommend this version. The game is absolutely great, but you might as well just get the GOG version and the HD mod. You get HD, some quality of life improvements (if you want) as well as all the expansions.
 

Kyaputen Farukon
372 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2019
Works and looks good. Would be excellent if it included all the expansions. But for 4€ steam sale price its 10/10.
 

shaminy
1,044 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
73.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2020
This game is just the base version of HOMM3 not including any of the expansion features or content.
No random maps, no conflux, much less artifacts etc.
 

Moen227
74 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,933.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2019
Its like a live action game of chess, only more interesting with more action
 

graybookseric
1 product in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
154.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2021
oh HELL YEAH i did missed that game. And now we have it in remastered version, can't say that i'm not happy with that.
 

IcyHype #savetf2
248 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
109.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 25, 2020
Where in the world is the RANDOM MAP GENERATOR ubisoft?? What are you thinking when you do not include possibly the best feature of the game?
 

moragasAA
33 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 1, 2017
I remember playing this game at my cousins when i was very young. Young enough as to where I had no idea what was going on or how to play the game. It was in the back of my mind for years until I finally found the name of it. Bought it and the nostalgic feeling alone was worth it.
 

hippielettuce
430 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
The game is great, the music is great, the gameplay itself is great. What isn't great is how Ubisoft are going to be money hungry bastar()ds and probably ask for more money for the expansions of this game. Because it is just the base game. It could be a lot worse. I recommend this game, despite it's big flaws. It's a really great game if you ignore all the Ubisoft laziness and half arsed release of the best Heroes game ever made.

Also first time launching this game through its launcher. Ubisoft logo popped up. Immediately I wanted to erase that from my screen to keep it out of my head. AVG pops up and thinks the launcher is a virus. Through my frantic pressing of buttons to get away from Ubisoft, I accidentally said yes to removing the file. Thanks Ubi, you guys had to put your logo and got me to remove the game launcher. I can start the game normally now, but out of ALL the cutscenes and logos when you start it, only the Ubisoft one is unmissable. I suppose they need it though, because if they disappeared one day no one would actually miss these money hungry hippos. Here's hoping that they will finish the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game without getting us to pay more money.

Yeah right. Like Ubisoft would ever be kind to the community.

EDIT: Censors should only censor one fricken word. Change Ubisoft to ******* pls.
 

~Grim~RøA EøS~
376 products in account
4
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
The game wasted my teen years on, and dont regret a single minute. Wether you play solo, hot seat or multiplqyer game is super fun. This version lacks some options which you can get on gog version, but community is doing their best to do mods which support some enhancments which make the game even more enjoyable like map generator or space button. 10/10
 

Dalthor
2,771 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2016
I'm a simple man, I play heroes 3 I press like. 5/5
 

Kirkkis
808 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3,178.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2017
i still love this game after all these years, however, i dont understand why they dont have the add ons here on steam
 

Stoic
23 products in account
1
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2016
No random maps? Will change to positive review if random maps get introduced. Finished the campaign in 7 hours, now what do I do?
 

GosuGold
255 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
Really nice game, just like the old one. Works perfect for me, no issues.
 

Sunday Driver ★
86 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
490.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Good old times @ HD Resolution (Y)
 

|K|R|E|M|
152 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2018
True classic to one of the first games I ever playd and I love it even today.
 

Sala
747 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2021
Community mod games are better than this HD edition that is just 1 game.
 

paladinofmm
76 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
i take it being the base game . Fine charge me for dlc not surpriseing on how erveryone does it but man no random map's come on ....
 

LuBu
248 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2021
A classic and highly regarded old game that I've played since the original but this version is hopelessly flawed. It does not run smoothly on a new gaming laptop which is odd because the free HOTA mod version available from fan sites performs perfectly on older PCs. It obviously wasn't worth the development cost for Ubisoft to make a decent attempt at this refresh.
 

pseudocynic
81 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
If you're looking for a fun, entertaining, multiplayer game, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The online lobby is steam friends only, there is no expansion, as it is not the complete game, and even playing with friends is broken. Want to have a free for all skirmish between you and some friends? TOO BAD. There's no random map option, so all you can do is play the scenarios, forcing computers into your game. On the other hand, if you were for some reason planning to pick this up soley for the single player campaign then still don't buy this game. It looks a little nicer yes, but it isn't worth supporting them for an incomplete game.
 

Lohara
305 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
57.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2015
I have problem. After the game starts and the video comes my game closes and then comes ERROR.
Error - An unknown exception has occurred
Please, I like this game and I want play it .....
 

urmas
11 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 23, 2019
The game itself is good, but no dlc's are a big problem.. You may not find any interesting mods on steam version too but the base game is still allright, still think before buying.
 

Qunas
96 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2020
It is only basic game: Restoration of Erathia which does not include more maps, campaigns and very powerful combined relics.
 

Nideror
57 products in account
0
55 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
The only reason to buy this over Heroes 3 complete is the multiplayer. And for a lot of people including myself it crashes. Wow
 

PUTT BIL
79 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
466.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2017
For the one who loves HoMM series, this is really great game ever :D
 

ขย่มพิภพไททัน
54 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
20.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2020
Kinda hard for non-strategic folks (at least at the beginning), but enjoyable nonetheless
 

Deechi
309 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2021
Best HOMM game by far, only HOMM2 comes close. Heroes 4,6, and 7 were particularly garbage though. HOMM3 is the absolute best. My only wish is that it came with steam mod support because the community has contributed a lot to keeping this game alive and improved it better than the original developers.
 

Peppermint Butler
444 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2015
I can't seem to wrap my head around why the expansions were left out. But who am I kidding, I can't wrap my head around how countless Ubisoft games go through QA and still come out buggy!

Old fans of the game and new players looking to try it out, I would not reccomend getting the HD version of the game.
 

Cort
552 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
It's pretty much a scam, here are some pointers as to why it best describes this game:
Game is LESS than the original complete edition, it's the same as the original VANILLA was. I expected there to be as much content as there was in the original, I mean, why wouldn't there be. Why would you buy a game with less content for more money. I would've been happy with a revamped complete edition:

- There are no expansions in it, and most likely there never will be. This means, NO MAP EDITOR, which is the only thing I personally play. No new content, and infact, THERE IS MUCH LESS CONTENT. The original version is MUCH MUCH better.
- The original version works great, even on windows 8.1, and you can download a free HD mod for it. Original version is MUCH better.
- Issues with multiplayer, lots of reported bugs in MP and singleplayer. You can simply use a virtual LAN service and you can play MP even with really slow connections and old PC's. Original version is A LOT BETTER.
- The original game, with ALL content, costs far less than a game with MUCH LESS CONTENT. The original game is much much better.
- None of the problems with the original game, though none game breaking, have been improved upon. It's been 15 years, several mods have been made to take inspiration from. But nothing has been done to make this worthwhile. This game is worth less than a modder could have done for free.

I think this pretty much sums it up. I don't know why anyone would make this type of a revamp. In 15 years one could presume there would be a lot of improvements. DO NOT BUY THIS, EVEN IF YOU REALLY FEEL LIKE GETTING IT. JUST GET THE ORIGINAL ONE AND RESIST THAT URGE TO GIVE IT A CHANCE.
 

LawH
378 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
47.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 19, 2021
HOMM3 is a great, fantastic game, and this is the worst way for you to get it.

HOMM3 HD is an INCOMPLETE version that does NOT include the two expansions:
Shadow of Death and Armageddon's Blade.

Despite being the official HD remake and comes with a 20$ price tag, the FREE fan-made HD mod beats it in every way.

If you're looking to enjoy HOMM3, the same game, complete with all expansions, costs only 3$ on GOG. And you can get the HD mod with a one-click install.
 

Zeng Xiao
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2018
It doesn't contain the expansions.
The only improvement to the game seems to be some graphics polishing made in a sweatshop.

It has a bitter taste of cashgrab.
Lucky that steam has a refund policy.
 

playlol312
20 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 11, 2020
They do a horribly job at making the game work and dont even try. Just give us the money to bad dont work

Bunch of Drifters
 

Deathbringer
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2016
A true classic, always fun to replay on a long weekend
 

MensIuguolo
249 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2017
Legendary stuff,ohhh what memories!
 

Клим Саныч
292 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
438.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2021
Best game ever, i want more maps :)
 

Pete
122 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
131.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2020
TIMELESS CLASSIC ♾
 

AC™
281 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2017
The game is a masterpiece. I would recommend it to one and all. (Can't wait for the Armageddon's Blade and SoD remastered to come out ).
 

ACBK II-:-II
223 products in account
2
327 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
167.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
this game made just for easy money.ubisoft fool poeple.they said that there whould be online lobby or something like this but there is nothing just useless mutliplayer funtion.
even there is no random map generator.they ruined the all properties of the game.
the developers know nothing about the game design.
they donot investigate the people's request and they just made simple graphic desing on the game.
isnt there any game designer who say that we have to add online competition system to the game in the ubisoft.
 

frozenman
602 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
I have to agree with most people here and tell Ubisoft that i'm actually really dissapointed, i mean i can't stop loving this game no matter what! Like most people here (probably) this was one of the foundations that made me a gamer today! And has always been one of my favorite games throughout all my childhood! Me and my cousins would always play this even if we were at my familys house, or theirs! The only thing we wanted now when we are older and don't always have the chance to meet up and play like the old days! Is a multiplayer that let's us play against and with eachother without playing on the same PC, we tried Tunggle and Hamachi and other IP changing tools before this version came out to try multiplayer and have lan parties to play this. But always ended up playing on the same PC wich made us very dissapointed, and when i saw this was coming out, the first thing that came to my mind is that we could FINALLY, play together. 3 of us 4 cousins started playing the day this game got out, but was greatly dissapointed when THE only map we could play was "Realm of Chaos (Allies)" and that was it, and since we have ALL played every.single.scenario. On this game it was not exactly enlightning, and to see that it was NO random map generator made us really and i mean REALLY dissapointed! And to hear that they lost the expansions when they changed owners of this company... i mean what the F*ck that's a really LAME excuse, why wouldnt you just come out with a new expansion or something? I mean last time i checked Age of Empires got themselves a expansion on their new HD version so it's not impossible!

So to sum this up if Ubisoft or anyone else didnt feel like reading this review. i just want to say, if the Heroes III Complete version available at GoG has a legit multiplayer, i'm going to refund these money i spent and buy that instead!
 

Jarefalk
257 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2016
I loved this game as a kid. Turns out, it is still one of my favorites. I have experienced no glitches thus far.

For those who have ever played - this is a turn based strategy game that is quite challenging. You have to divide your energy between guarding castles and exploring. It's a real trick sometimes. If you like Civ, you will love this game. There are multiple campagnes that will take hours upon hours to complete even on the easiest setting. I finished the first part of the first campagn in 3 hours on easy.

10/10 Buy this game.
 

ArcaneM37
912 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
80.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 8, 2016
No Uplay needed, 10/10
 

Sluyter548
933 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
237.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2018
Best version of the Heroes series. Great scenarios, campaigns.
 

JustSpartan
24 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2015
your missing the armageddons blade
 

Bomb
115 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2020
The HD edition is not the best version of the game. Nevertheless, this game is still great.
 

Basto
734 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
175.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2021
One of the all time classics
 

Zukuri
60 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
253.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2020
without add-ons -> complete & total rip off for that price!
 

mightydickforce
40 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2019
Timeless Masterpiece
 

vinc333nt
109 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
I cannot recommend this game.

It function’s fine (in single player, I haven’t try the multiplayer yet). But there is muchof it's content missing. The 2 expansion are not there and all de extra’s it gave us like de random level generator.
Also the “HD” improvements are barely noticeable.

There are other vendors that still offer de old version of heroes 3(with all its content) and it run just at well and if you really want the game to look more “HD” you can always mod it.

Maybe they will patch in the expansion later. But I doubt that they will do it for free.

 

ChillerOseven
877 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2015
It is great for single player, better than I expected. This looks far better than the HD/high-res mod for WoG

The only problem is the multiplayer... if you are buying the game hoping for finding some multiplayer lobby's and play with randoms on the internet then forget it. And what's worse there is no play on LAN option, so you have stick to their online multiplayer which is user-hostile. It seems though you can get it to work to playe with your friends online.

 

m0s
20 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2019
Runs sluggishly on a brand new machine. After purchasing and experiencing this, I checked online forums and saw that others were having the same problem (four years ago). Apparently the developers have not offered a fix, but are content to collect your money anyway.
 

goodlion
23 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 19, 2018
Not Horn of the Abyss compatible.
 

Tooshka
294 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
733.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2018
We just need a complete game!!
 

雷仁's fan
825 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2017
Good old game
 

Renarret
406 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
54.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2016
Yet another childhood favorite. In HD edition!
 

GreenNET
238 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
782.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2021
A classic favourite!
 

vlad83
15 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2019
This is not what I expect from. I played the original M&M3 with every DLC on and it's wonderful.

This's pitiful cash grab isn't. If you want to remaster the game at least do it in full version, not like this.
 

Kagarino
197 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2017
They had a killer sale when 7 was launched, basically you bought 7 and get this for free. So I cant complain too much, but do not buy this game, even more so when you can go to gog and buy the complete edition of heroes 3. Heroes 3 is not worth it if its just the vanilla.
 

Zangetsu
90 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
11.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2021
Great Game. But don't buy this version. Buy the complete version that has all the expansions (This one does not) and is compatible with all the community mods (This one is not). You can then use the free and arguably better HD Mod to get the same effect.

Check out the Horn of the Abyss unofficial expansion.
 

relCORE
982 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2015
No! NO! NOO!!

Damn you, Ubisoft for destroying something I care so deeply for. Why did I even get this?

Do yourselves a favor, get the real game on gog.com.
 

Greenman+I<3Hupcakes
161 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2015
Great game super addicting super fun. HD edition has none of the expansions and looks arguably worse than the original. Unfortunately Steam doesn't sell Heroes 3: Complete so look for it on GOG.

The game itself is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ great but I cannot give the HD Edition a recommend.
 

Ol' Dooki Brown
369 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
great game, but doesn't have the expansions. get the gog version instead
 

groggy
178 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
70.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2016
Love this game, love the series, got this in a bundle, otherwise I would have gotten it for much cheaper than this price, and with the expansions. Dont buy this version of this game. Buy a better one.
 

Deostr #Hankey
977 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
132.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2018
One of my favorite games when I was younger and it's still as fun as I remember it! HoMM3 has definitely aged very well and never gets boring. It makes you think "Just one more round" over and over and over again. I know there's content missing which is obviously a shame but unless you're a hardcore fan I doubt it's a problem.
 

MissDodger
77 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2017
I really like this game but I encounterred a problem that didnt let me start the game at all on windows 10.

After searching for a while I found a fix
its missing the file openAl32.dll

you can download it from this website

https://www.dll-files.com/download/83de3a7d02a860083619837fd7305cc8/openal32.dll.html?c=WkZhWWJ6cExTSHBzaWhqTWdsRHlGQT09

I hope this works for you it did for me! Lets play some heroes! :)
 

Pakaaa
159 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Not the Complete edition of the game, which I assume will be sold at a later date as "DLC" and missing many basic features such as random maps, rather limiting the player to scenarios, since they didn't release the complete edition or add any basic features like that. Overall a pretty lazy reskin since they weren't willing to give us the whole game as well as basic features, not to mention the opening cinematic audio is scratchy and outdated, they didn't bother to clean the audio files which contributes to the fact that this does not feel like a game I would want to be playing in the modern era, maybe if they release the expansions for free and basic features I'll reopen this game.
 

arthasisop
296 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 24, 2015
Okay, so all the negatives you've heard about this game are true.

Calling it "HD" is a severe overstatement. It's less blurry. That's basically it. It's no remake.

Yes, it has literally 1/3rd of the content of the Heroes III Complete pack, and doesn't have the all important random map generator (because it was added in one of the expansions).

However! It is Heroes III, and it does look just fine in full screen 1080p. Is that worth $15 to you? Because it definitely is to me. I love Heroes III, and while I don't mind playing the old version, my eyes prefer this one.

And let's be honest here. Even without the expansions, there's a TON of content included. Easily 100 hours of stuff. Eventually you'll run out, but by then you'll get your $15 worth.

Definitely recommended, despite the flaws.
 

loonyboi
1,165 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
60.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2016
This is not the full game and it is missing so many things I used to love. You can't even spacebar to get into buildings you are already on top of so you need to waste movement to go back in. There are no expansions which means you can't do random maps or play the elemental faction. I wish I had seen that GoG had the full game for less than what this half a game cost me. Heroes is a great game, this is just a poor execution of it.
 

lishipeachi
55 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
This game has no expansion content and no random map generator. Better off playing the Good Old Games copy, they won't take content out of already functioning content and won't probabally to sell it to you later. If you want a version with content cut out but with multi-player supporte buy it, but the GOG version has a better experience.
 

Damaleus
272 products in account
5
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
120.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2015
First a disclaimer: This is Heroes of Might and Magic III Restoration of Erathia only. At no point does the steam store disclose it being anything other or more than that. 3D0's completely inept handling of the franchise lost the source code for the expansions, so don't expect them. Which is a shame because of the campaigns and UI improvements, but I sure don't miss the Conflux. It is not Steam nor Ubisoft's responsability, whatever their other MANY failings, if you buy this game expecting the expansions because you didn't bother to read what you bought. You're no better than the people participating in early-access games and complaining about playing incomplete games.

Second: For this lack of the expansions, this HD remake could be a bit cheaper.

Other than that, this is what it says in the tin, Heroes III in high definition. Not the lazy upscalings of previous mods to the game, the models of all units and all art assets in the game were actually re-drawn into a higher resolution on top of the original designs. The game supports widescreen and the higher resolution means you can see more on the adventure map, which is a plus. The game's cinematics are still the same, though.

Windows firewall only complained when I tried to start a multiplayer game, but once I allowed it the multiplayer worked for me without problem. The multiplayer suffers very little from the lack of expansions, only losing the Conflux and a few overpowered artifacts, which doesn't bother me, but might bother you.

There is no random map, but there is a map editor and it works very well on the higher resolution.

TL;DR - This is Restoration of Erathia only, LIKE ADVERTISED, if you think it is a crime against humanity to not include a couple of expansions that were LOST BY 3D0, feel free to not buy it.
 

SandroTheMaster
203 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2018
I had the complete game on disk when I was younger and I loved it. I wish they had the expansions for it out in HD but unfortunately they don't. Even without the expansions though it is still fun. I just miss those other factions the expansions brought.

8.5/10
 

BOOM! Nutshot
1,130 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2016
Doesn't even include the expansions.
 

paradox
16 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 15
Product refunded

the title is misleading this game is only one chapter of entire game thing and no random map generator to allow more replayability like in full version.
 

fesher
51 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2015
I chose this over the often favored GOG version because it was on sale for $3.75 and because the updated sprites do make it look better than a game from the 90s. Videos don't do justice to how nice it looks for an older game. Overall it's a very slick experience. I like it a lot better than the newer games like Heroes VI, which feel bloated, and I'm convinced it cheats by magically giving the AI units it can't possibly produce that fast. The absence of a random map generator or expansions is not a deal breaker for me at all. The map editor is still there, and there is no end to the number of user maps you can find online. Personally I find the campaigns to be childishly written, and I don't play them. The real test of how great this game is would be that even my 10 year old son is hooked on it even though he could be playing more graphically advanced games.
 

Puncher D
485 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2018
:D
 

Ella
9 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
28.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2021
Not feeling HD worth losing The Shadow of Death DLC
 

瞎扯蛋蛋
37 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2015
I can't find the reason for the hate. i haven't found any bugs. Maybe they will patch the expantions in as a bonus? Maybe they are working on HD remake for the Add On? Give them time.
 

TeachyBoi
54 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
164.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2021
The greatest in the franchise and greatest in the genre
 

space hann
63 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
149.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2015
Only reason I would recommend this is solely because I bought it while it was on sale for 5 bucks. If you played this game during it's original release, don't expect a "remake" of that same greatness. It plays well enough but it's still missing something from the original. Not bad for a "buy when on sale" title tho.
 

ThunderSherpa
183 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Heroes 3 is my favorite game of all times, and when the hd version came out i bought it instantly!

It took me 1 minute in game to realize there was no way to play on random maps.....

NO RANDOM MAPS, this is a total ripoff... Wasted f ing money...
 

Elec
127 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2017
Hell no! More like lazy ♥♥♥♥ edition. Bought this cause a friend insisted this is the easiest way to play it together online. However the online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ are not polished and after hundreds of hours spent on the complete gog version this is a heavy downgrade. Avoid it and get the better version!
 

david
265 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
126.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 20
Really good game and tons of childhood memories. Missing the expansions though. Also more customizability in selecting scenarios to play with friends, as the amount of player slots and AI slots are fixed in scenarios.
 

Den Vrede Amatør
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
40.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 14
Still holds up after all these years.
 

LadyThundersnow
3 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 16
This is a great step into the childhood
 

sir.serje
21 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
531.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2021
go on GoG, get the complete edition for 5$ cheaper and if graphics matter to you there are far better fan mods than this slapped together "remake"
 

Biggus Dickus's guard #2
131 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2021
Ended up getting the GOG version. Sad they did an HD Remaster and didn't include the expansions.
 

BirdiE
267 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2021
Why can't ubisoft just put original version? I give this thumb up because old version.

Just give us regular, old version, plus it had more content. Who cares about HD graphics, this is not FPS game lol.
 

Nadirivar
66 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
96.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 9
If its the base game you are after this will suffice, however if u prefer the complete version I would strongly recommend against it.
It's better to get an older copy and instal HoTa its much better gameplay and factions are better balanced.
 

High Society
201 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 19
The generator for maps is not in this version do no buy you will have to play pre-made scenarios with stipulations ( 1 vs all ) or multiple cites from the start or something else and they are just too little as it is .
without the map generator the game is not worth buying .
 

bishkotko33
82 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2021
Heroes of Might and Magic III was and is an immaculate solid game, and the HD remaster is no exception. The game holds the test of time very well and has a dedicated following. While I play 5, 6, and 7 more these days (blasphemy, I know), I do like to go back to HoMM3 HD from time to time when I am feeling nostalgic and want to recapture the feeling of my childhood. I initially came across this game as a child and fell it love with it. As an adult, I love it even more.

Whilst I do love this game, I do have one massive gripe. My major complaint is the lack of expansions and random map generator. These need to be added eventually. I really wish they'd have added Conflux to the HD remaster. I know there are downloads online which address this specific problem, but it just feels like a oversight when this HD remake was made relatively recently. Regardless of this complaint, however, you will still have an immensely satisfying experience. I also enjoy the updates they've given to the visuals of the game (which enhance what is already there without harming its integrity).

----------------------------------------------------------

VERDICT:

If you want to experience the game to its fullest, do what other people have said and get it from GOG with the patches and upgrades. It costs less and you will have all the expansions and content like the random map generator (which is where the fun really begins with HoMM games!!). However, I don't mind also having this remaster on steam and you are still getting hours of fun content from getting this version.

If you played this when you were younger like I did, then definitely get it for the nostalgia factor. It does go on sale from time to time as well, so if you can hold out for a sale, do it. It fills a warm fuzzy place in my heart and forever will.

If you are new to the series, HoMM3 is a good version of the series to get and really captures the original feel and essence of the games that 3DO gave it. However, I feel like nostalgia can paint a rose lens visually and the graphics can be quite jarring for a newcomer. In that respect, if you want a more visually appealing version, I'd recommend starting with HoMM5 (with the 5.5 patch you can find online) which is praised by the community and is overall good, or HoMM7 which I feel captures a lot of feeling of HoMM3 in a more modern aesthetic and has a UI which educates you about the games mechanics better (Number 7 gets a lot of criticism but I have been really enjoying it and have few complaints with it. It actually isn't as bad as people make it out to be. I made a review addressing that. It is also really good value on sale).

Either way you are bound to fall in love with Heroes of Might and Magic, and HoMM3 is no exception. The series always evokes a feeling of whimsy and imagination within me. There is a reason why HoMM3 game has persisted with such a strong niche following after all these years.

----------------------------------------------------------

Tl;dr - Get the game.

Also, side note: I love whenever I enter a battle and Combat Music 2 starts playing. The memories it gives me!!
 

Tomanomanous
77 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
344.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2021
Just get the original and the free 3rd party patch that ups it to HD. Then you can have all the maps, all the expansions and all the 3rd party mods. If you get back into this great game you'll regret wasting the money on this version. It wouldn't be so bad if they came out with the expansions already but my understanding this was a slighty rebrushing of the original w/o the expacs available. You can get all the expac maps converted to this edition but many of them also have bugs (i'm guessing when an expac item or monster you run into causes a total crash, which you can go in and delete but then you got to start the map over, not great for multiplayer).
 

Magrim
29 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
3.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2021
awesome as ever
 

Floon
114 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2021
A real classic this one. spent many an hour on this one. pure gold
 

TheyDerpedHisDog
104 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 26, 2021
Game won't start. Bought this couple years ago and now it won't even start on win 10
 

GoodOldHunter
438 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
84.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2021
Great to have an old classic updated and available on steam but could be so much better if the expansions were included (Armageddon's Blade & The Shadow of Death).
 

Joben
88 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
504.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2021
old but great game to play
 

tgracey
9 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
211.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2021
Quite disappointing.. compared to the original HoMM3

if you really want this game, do yourself a favor and buy the old version.
 

phaugaard
111 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2021
Awesome experience remembering the old times with this great RPG!
Even today HoMM beats a lot of modern games that do not have or care for fun.
Give it a try and you wont regret! \o/
 

Luciela
43 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
60.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 16, 2021
If you have played the HoMM3 and expansions, then as compared here you get crap.
But as Steam platform itself is convenient, i happen from time to time still trigger the download and "Play" button here.
If you want good experience from this game, dont even play this version if it is free.

Real game name is called: "Heroes of Might and Magic® 3: Complete"
contains two expansions: "Armageddon's Blade" and "The Shadow of Death"
And one of its mods is "HoMM3 HD"
 

21
169 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2021
Nothing more enjoyable for me than a game of heroes from time to time. A true classic that never gets old. Great gameplay and challenging when you raise the difficulty.
Only downvote would be there is no expansion available in the HD mode.
 

needsmokes2
12 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
73.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2021
The complete version on GOG with hd mod is much better, this hd version on steam does not even have the official expansion. The complete version even has random map generator, which means endless playing. Steam version only has campaign and limited amount of scenarios. After playing both versions for many hours I cannot recommend the steam version.
 

Lady Katherine
43 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,653.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2021
Excellent game.
 

twincitypublicadjusting
19 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
44.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2021
should not have bought this.
Not the full game, expansion is missing. most likely will never be made HD.
look for Heroes 3 COMPLETE edition by GOG instead.....
 

When
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
502.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2021
I would never have thought I could play this game again. I have played this game 20 years ago and when I saw it on Steam, i know I would play it non-stop. Now i played it 454 hours and still running.
 

blmojica1990
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,519.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2021
The clasic game that give you total use of your brain and don't mix it with your reflexs.
I recommend this game, but not Heroes IV and the next. The last Heroes might and magic were pathetic.
 

enzomb
130 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
77.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 28, 2021
Nice old game!
 

SexyBoris
15 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
312.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 28, 2021
Old style game, great for mindless relaxation.
 

Noriat
18 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2021
The game is great, this version isn't. No MP and no expansions makes this not only not worth your money but also not worth the download or your time. Get the real deal elsewhere.
 

Vanquesse
1,199 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2021
this game always crush:( so bad steam support, i beter take pirate version, it nevar crush and have 1000X more maps
 

JRid
12 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
44.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2021
Game is as good as it was when i was a child but no DLC makes me sad only real benefit is playing online with friends is made easy so you don't need to jump through hoops to play together. GOG has a better version you can install wake of gods on but this is good if you can deal with the limitations of no DLC.
 

☯PunkRockLoser☯
445 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
155.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 23, 2021
The reason i love this game is that i love building my town my army and killing everything ive always play this non stop when i was a kid always play the undead kingdom (i have called every kingdom a different names like the places they are at or based on the armies they have like for example the hell kingdom because they have the devil himself dont judge thats how i call them when i was a kid and still calling them to this day) its super fun to play with friends on local taking turns and so on (normally ive been a loner so i have always ending up playing all 8 for making a story and whatnot) plus the music is beautiful you relax listing to the music for having a good time (depends on the person reason not everyone enjoys the soundtrack from the game.) sooooo just go watch a video of it and see if you have any interest of the game and getting it and playing it.
 

Crimsonglint95
51 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
69.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2021
its good, Heroes 3 is good. Ubisoft is bad - and this isnt the complete version either, might as well have bought this game elsewhere
 

BigFeetBigMeat
76 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
182.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2021
cool
 

niumpium
98 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2021
Nice
 

K1nd3r
35 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
do you dream about spending all your time building up your army and crush your enemy at then end in a super easy combat to win it all? this is the game for you. 5/7
 

CoffeeGuru
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2020
No DLC.
 

Opression
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2020
I loved this game from good old days, but this HD version has no features I expected to be =(
P.s.: random map generator I missing the most.
 

BannZay
84 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
Good story, legacy.
 

alesito1985
705 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
108.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2020
Great game! Very addicting!
 

Rushing2Conquer
6 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
237.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2020
I love this game, it is absolutely one of my all time favorites, and I am not a PC gamer, I Prefer XBOX. I am however greatly disappointed that steam doesn't offer the expansion version of the game including the Faction for Conflux. Also the game is really short without the Shadow of Death, and Armageddon's Blade expansions. I actually had to seek another website (GOG) to purchase the game again + expansions in its entirety, not only was the game cheaper on that website, but it had everything.
I really would like to see steam make this addition of the expansions.
 

aaronmalcolm50
2 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
584.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2020
Addictive (albeit a little repetitive) upgrade structure for castles and heroes.
Knowing which hero does what can be tricky, you should pop open a guide on a spare monitor or your phone.
Artifacts are probably the best bonus to start with.
Hurry-up the gameplay speed otherwise the game can drag a bit.
Every once in awhile the game would kind of sputter which was weird.
Nostalgic graphics.
Definitely recommend getting this game, worth every penny.
You won't regret it.
 

Dad?
95 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
88.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2020
Great turn based game. Been playing for 20 years.
 

Minipiman
142 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2020
Nice chill game. Fun to play with buddies
 

[xXx]t34R5 0f my 3n3m!35[xXx]
55 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
227.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 26, 2020
This was a game that I spent many hours enjoying back in the day and consider it to be one of the greatest games of all time. So recently I had few bucks in my Steam Wallet and decided to take a chance on this restored and enhanced version.

Well, immediately upon launching it I was struck by the fact that the game looks dated, no getting around that. And the interface a tad clunky by today's standards. But what about the all-important gameplay, would it still hold up after all these years?

3 hours later (that seemed like about 5 minutes) I realized that the gameplay and the HOMM universe was still as great and immersive as ever, and the dated aspects no longer seemed significant. Looking forward to further engrossing trips into this wonderful world which seems all-new again. Highly recommended.
 

TimTim3000
119 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
107.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2020
A timeless classic.

I still play this game on a regular basis 20 years since it came out.

The orchestral score is memorable and unlike anything you will hear in other games.

Everything just fits so well together.

The castles are well-balanced and if you play on a huge map it might take good 24 hours to finish a scenario.

There's this awesome feeling you get when you successfully defend a castle against a superior force because you skip a turn when you have to, fortify your unit when you have to, attack a stronger enemy unit with your weak unit and make him waste his retaliation, and focus on the flying unit first, etc.

You can easily play this game on an old laptop when you go away on a trip.

I easily see myself playing this game well into my old age when the polar ice caps melt.
 

Vegan Atheist
791 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
72.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2020
Not for everyone. Slow build strategy. Super fun.
 

livingdust
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
Old School Fun!
 

Piranesi
99 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
102.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2020
Best of the series!
 

Psycho
74 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
65.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
One of my all-time favourite PC games. How can you possibly go wrong? Unlike some other remastered games this one runs fantastic and is true to the original.
 

TheVigilante
472 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
72.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2020
Don't ever buy this version, I've spend a lot of time on the original from cd, and belive mi this one is complete scam, it doesn't even have SoD. Go and buy complete version from GOG and install HotA to actually have a good time
 

༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
123 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
232.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2020
great game but poor version. i want to see full version on game! like complete edition.
i play heroes very much. but this version only because online with some friends.

-- I Found a way to host Online game!
add your friend on steam friend list
make room/host and find there, send invite to friend. klick it, then your friend can press your name from friendlist, "join game" that work to me and my friend without open port 3.

(without that my friend cant seen my hosted games)

 

Uikkari
34 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2020
Relaxing game which needs no introduction, hopefully in the future they convert the expansions into HD also.
 

Ginoku!
118 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
90.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2020
I love this game even when it was first released on Linux but of course now I have to use Proton or Wine. This game is addictive.
 

tigershark_1969
91 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2020
Missing a lot of features like random maps and etc...
 

paddy
76 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2020
best game ever
 

Roscoe J.C. Hays
25 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
202.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2020
Good game
 

riky shebarass
8 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2020
Absolutely love this game, but would've liked even better if it included the DLC or expansions (or if you could purchase them at least)
 

agge
82 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2020
great game!
 

Captain Motjo
115 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2020
I love HoMM3, what an amazing game. Still play it every once in a while even after all these years.
BUT,
This is a horrible version, without the expansion.
Seriously, dont buy this version.
I wish i could get my money back.
 

raphael
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2020
i will not recommend that anyone buy this from steam cause all it does is crash and they will not refund it if it does so many time ive sent evidence of the crashes and got no help for it to those reading this buy the game from some other site do not buy from here.
 

lumurgra
13 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2020
Literally one of the best games ever made if you love fantasy and strategy. DON'T buy this on steam though and get it from GOG, its cheaper there and actually comes with all the DLC, it isn't the HD edition, though fan made mods can get it looking graphically better than the official HD version.

Buy it though, its cheap and a must own for everyone.
 

NoPringiehole
541 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
106.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
Wow
 

devnull
149 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
228.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 9, 2020
ดี
 

mmkoo
26 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
71.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
Been playing this game for decades, and it's still one of my favorites. Heroes III is a turn-based strategy game that really defined and made the franchise what it is. This game offers a bit of everything from treasure seeking with your heroes and their armies to full out war on multiple fronts. You try to amass as much resources as you can to build up your armies as well as your kingdoms. The soundtrack is great. The gameplay never gets old. There is a large list of kingdoms to choose from but you are not locked in to one type. There is a decent bit of lore for all the lore lovers out there as well.

With the game currently being on sale for 3$ and some change, you would be a fool not to give it a chance.
 

Snorri
99 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
311.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2019
Read before purchase:
It looks pretty, HOWEVER -- Many of the negative reviews you see are because they didn't include the expansions or the random map generator. This definitely is a letdown, but if your someone like me who never played the expansions, and just want basic Heroes III with prettier graphics, this will do just fine. The only real advantage to getting this on Steam is how easy it is to get up and running in HD mode. So if you are lazy and just want to hop on Heroes, I recommend this. If you want the added content, apparently GOG has it all and with a few patches you can get an HD version of this game with ALL content. So go for that if you want the best possible experience.
 

Jareth Gawain
68 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2019
Game of the Decade. Game of the Year. Game of the Heart
 

ToBubby
65 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
27.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 10, 2019
Classic Reborn
 

Ass Blood
196 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2019
A nicely referbished version of the classic game. All the fun it used to be with way less "eye cancer" then playing the original game on a 23" screen ;)
Well worth opting for a revival!
 

[ - PSYCHO - ] ANTWARI
127 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2019
I wanted to show this game to my bf cause I used to play it all the time when I was a kid and I still enjoy it very much. It is still great and we can play in multiplayer mode which is awesome. There is not a lot of maps tho.
 

Tya
12 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
53.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2019
I've been playing this game since 2000. Its great to play it again with the improved visuals, still plays the same. great game to play with friends. With the variations in the different races in this game there is so much that you can do that you can play it for years and never get sick of it. In my opinion this is the best one in the series and a great turn based game
 

HyperHydrosys
49 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
116.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2019
First of all, I have to say that there are 3 major versions of this game. (1) The HOMM3 Complete (Let's just call this the GOG version, for simplicity), (2) the HOMM3 Complete with free HD mod (The GOG version with HD Mod), and (3) this version, UBI HOMM3 HD Edition. I have played hundreds of hours of Heroes 3 under the GOG version with HD mod, for this UBI HOMM3 HD Edition, some 26 hours. Firstly, the other comments are 90 percent right, the GOG with HD mod is the way to go. The 10 percent where UBI HOMM3 HD Edition is right is that, the game looks 100 times better. I play it on a 4K 32 inch monitor, and I love the graphics. Where I have a problem with this game is that it does away with all of the game innovations that have been introduced in the GOG version (the expansions of AB and SoD) and the free HD mod. Innovations in the expansions in Complete are applied to all maps in the original HOMM3 game. Also, there are innovations in the free HD mod to H3 Complete which infinitely improve the game. Now, fortunately, UBI HOMM3 HD Edition has already been modded by the community to make it better, with shortcuts for unit quick swapping and splitting, Load and Save, a fix for the cursor movement speed, and the addition of all the SoD and AB maps, all really making the game playable. However, one big problem that I encountered with UBI HOMM3 HD Edition is some very bad AI in some games, which I have not encountered in the GOG version. I have found the AI to make bad decisions on the world map, such as run from me grossly for 98 percent of the game when they have twice my army size. Pretty much, making the game somewhat unplayable. In the GOG version, the AI does not seem to have those bugs (Not that I have encountered). Also, one other note, the moats UBI HOMM3 HD Edition do no damage. In Complete, they do, and it makes more sense, that castle-take-over be tougher with walkers. This falls into the category of missing innovations in the complete version, but, I thought worth mentioning. Verdit: (1) Nice work on the graphics, (2) Questionable AI, and UBI HOMM3 HD needs the mod already created by the community to make it playable (the ones for swapping and for all SoD and AB maps).
***Edit after 96 hours played:*****
I have given the game another chance. I probably have more hours here than anybody else ever reviewing it.
One important aspect I forgot to mention in the original is also, the game has no random map generator, an innovation that is available in the GOG version.
And now, today, Horn of the Abyss (AKA HOTA), an excellent unofficial expansion has been released, and has now become the new standard for online multiplayer play with built-in match-making service and ranking system, a new castle, and many, many improvements (too many to mention). The game now is better than it has ever been with this.
To come back to the review on UBI H3 HD Edition, I play it now sometimes because the graphics are just so much better (the graphics on the GOG version just sometimes is uncomfortable on the eyes after a few hours to too much of a degree). It's very satisfying to see some of the creature battle models re-made in infinitely superior definition visuals and watching them do battle (some of my personal re-touch favorites are the cyclops and bone dragons, but there's many to watch re-made with a nice touch), and also to see the greatly improved world map, castles, hero portraits, creature portraits, and also the skill portraits. So, I give this game a re-review.
Verdict Revisited, and I am not finished re-evaluating the AI aspect (I assume the AI is simply the AI in the original HOMM3 RoE game): I bounce back between the UBI H3 HD version and the GOG H3 Complete version with HOTA expansion. When I want a particular refined gameplay, it's the GOG, when I want a much-better-graphical version, the UBI H3 HD. That said, and with the caveat that the mods for H3 HD are an absolute must, I will say that the game is worth the measly asking price (here, 15$ Canadian), and effort to install the mods. It has given me more enjoyable play hours than I thought it would. I move slowly to a thumbs up.
 

FunGodFather
453 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2019
Game is great, HD Edition not so much. Gotta love HOMM Series. 10/10.
 

nV
113 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
It's a great game so i cant downvote it, but you should definitely buy it from gog since the steam version has only the base game, without the two expansions.
 

DickJustice
406 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 2

Not Recommended
97.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
They remade the game but only a vanilla version of it.
Kinda sucks but still going to play
 

The Vogado
189 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
67.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
Childhood nostalgia is great, but they fumbled the expansions so this HD release only contains the base game.
 

odalfe
226 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2019
The multiplayer works really well.
 

MarChel
23 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2019
great game but few people play it
 

Uzzi
19 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2019
My absolute all time favourite game, I have been playing it since I was 6 years old; and nothing beats it.

I absolutely reccomend getting this, or the GOG version for improved things, because it is simply so good.
 

Clemchelin
1,368 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
The game itself is amazing and I would recommend everyone to play it at least once in their life. I, myself prefer the hot-seat function in the game. However, I do not recommend to buy this game on Steam, unless it is a bundle, because it lacks the DLC that adds the real magic to it.
 

zietek2
124 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 3, 2019
My love for the franchise started with no other but this game and it still has a special place in my heart. It hasn't aged at all in my opinion, it still has beautiful graphics and music and it's extremely addictive! Even if I plan to play it just for a short time, I usually can't stop so quickly. I absolutely love it <3
 

Labryska
460 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2019
Only bought this game so i could play with friends because a lot of VPN tunneling engines have been shutting down recently because the mainstream is flocking to Steam...
I would recommend the first 4 parts of the franchise entirely, some of the best games out there... they don't make games this good anymore, that's why they're going back to them and giving them a re-skin. Also, to make money.

Very true as a commentator has added, there are things missing.
One of my friends with whom I've piled up thousands of hours on this thing and his view is that the fact that WoG is missing and other mods...
Map editor is something I often used, random map is also something others often used, I liked to make my own scenarios. It's a thing from the glory days of Age of Empires.
I dunno... get it if it's on sale, that's would I say... at best.
 

(V-army)Commissar Vic
25 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
80.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 19, 2018
uhh
 

Evo
95 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2018
Without doubt a great version of my childhood!
 

Ashyeen
129 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
52.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
Its simply the best
 

MarsEternal
154 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
Nostalgia. 10/10
 

Poo hoo you
120 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
249.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2018
Man I love this game. Over 150 hours on it.
 

beyondthesea777
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
46.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2018
I have a problem whit the game. When i press Play the game is not runnig is there some bug in the game or is it in me ?
 

WoodyWoodpecker
56 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2018
Great game. I wish they would bring back the Armageddon's Blade expansion pack.
 

PyroHaz-Doc86
120 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
208.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2018
Let's be realistic Ice Tower for the win
 

SashkoKit
181 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2018
Campy jokes, rediculous character illustrations, goofy graphics make this game a gem - will suck hours of your life to no avail, leaving you wondering what just happened and why. But you still play it. This was a childhood favorite of mine and I still play it for half nostalgia and half frustration. ENJOY.
 

corpuscrysta
123 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
165.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2018
I have being a keen of HMMIII since 90s when I was 12 years old. I have been playing in this game over 20 years.

Current release is cute but buggy, and those bugs are crucial. First one (!): space bar is not working to move back in teleport or gate between land and underworld, it is not working at mills, creatures' dwellings and so on, it is SO ANNOYING and it changes gameplay experience significantly. Second one: Small map is not working in world view mode or earth watch magic - it is not possible to move a focus to the right upper corner (with 4x zoom).

Another big problem is an absence of "Random map generator" for multiplayer. I bought this game to play multiplayer mainly. So it is bad to not have ability to auto generate new map.
 

Abbat
76 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
314.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2018
the game is fanastic but i wish you could buy he extention packs for the game
 

Puddrr
59 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
166.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2018
Game will not start! It worked the first week all good but I dont know if it was after game patch or what but now I cant play. Tried reinstalling but did not work.
 

KnugenHS
60 products in account
3
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 25, 2018
It looks great, but unfortunately without the expansion packs it's a very trimmed version to that which I'm sure most HoMMIII players are used to.
 

Dr. Funkenstein
200 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
98.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2017
yessssss
 

peppo861
150 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
For me this is the best old school game that should be remastered. I remember when I've sit by PC almost over 1000hours with brother on LAN :')
 

Jim Street
289 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
146.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2017
Old good heroes. Fully working on 64bit machine (not like Gold/Complete Edition). May be little bit to expensive.
 

BBart
41 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
162.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2017
Played it as a kid and still love it now. The aesthetics are awesome, good game play and a good challenge. Its my go to game when i just want to chill out on my computer.

Super fun.
 

NerfHerder
65 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
283.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2017
I love this game. I playued it when I was younger and it gives me so much nostalga. I just love this game. Gameplay is easy enough to learn. Do be prepeaird to spen a full day or more in a game.
 

❤~Ct~❤
283 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 13, 2018
Although it's way overpriced, I still think it's a pretty good HD conversion. Yeah, it lacks the content packs and all, but it still plays and sounds as great as it was, but now it also looks good on your 16:9 HD display. Sure, if you've never played HoMM3 or any HoMM, you should also play the vanilla game with content packs, this cannot be your ONLY experience with the series, but it's a good start for those, who've never played, and a good addition for those, who have.
 

Μολοχ
814 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2018
i loved this game spent many many nights battling dragons and titans. I never would have paid 15$ for this fractured game had i known there wasnt a random map feature i wouldve just went and got a cd of it.

most disssatisfied
 

comet13579
184 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
64.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2017
Great game but u should add completed edition :(
 

Doub
127 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
351.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2017
One of the best games ever made. A classic.
 

rainstorm
385 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2017
Waste of money. If you want to play this game, get the oringial + every DLC for half of the money and install the HD Patch.
 

Bash0r
150 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
33.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2017
Best game from my childhood and is still number one in my heart.
 

Ulrike Wolf
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2017
It keeps getting unknown errors in battles and game closes. Im tired of restarting the game from autosaves, cant even play it. Waste of money
 

Akrasiel
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 4, 2017
Much like all games from ubisoft, it crashes all the time. Stick with just steam, Ubisoft.
 

Frylock (JNS, BOD) -Snapjack
89 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 17, 2016
And oldie but goodie. Unfortunatelly it does not include Armageddon's Blade and The Shadow of Death expansions. I am hoping these will be added to the HD game ASAP.
 

Nenvolk
616 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2016
Simply put the best turn based game from 90's. I definietly would recommend buying it if you're familiar with this game frenchise.
 

Vison
500 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
51.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 20, 2017
I agree with a lot of players, at this price you could have given us some expansion with the game. Ubisoft is killing the franchise. Don't buy it, it's not worth it. Go download thé complete version and don't Come to this version.
 

Razoff
201 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
97.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
Its a realy great game in my opinion the best heroes of might and magic, i played it like 7 years ago all day and night long and i still love it. The graphic isnt the best but the gameplay is just amazing. I just can rate it, dont know how people can dislike this game. It would be great if they could add Flux but this doesnt matter too much in my opinion.
 

frostie
112 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
652.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2016
not worth the money. HoMM 3 HD Mod much better.
 

Leomund
601 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2016
classic with a better view
 

nOnsense
46 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2016
One of the most powerful strategy games of that time
 

Macpro
22 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
95.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2016
I reccomend this because it's amazing game i mostly spend my time on this game.
 

Luna Tsukuyomi
247 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
101.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2015
Well. I love this game. But i havne windows 10 now and this game doesnt support windows 10. :( Can someone give me advice how to get game creators upgrade game so i could play it on windows 10?
 

Sprukstish
48 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2016
Buy the version from GOG which has Heroes3 gold version. The graphical updates arent that good tbh. I`m rather let down as I thought I could enjoy heroes3 again, but this is just too dumbed down version. When they add the missing content, you should buy the game, before that definately no.
 

Mauseleum
177 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
42.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2015
Timeless classic. Playing again after many years was very enjoyable. Many people seem to be angry that ubi is selling only the basic game without expansions. But even the base game itself is very good. I hope ubi will release expansions at some point in time.
 

Pustka
292 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
91.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2015
It's good fun if you are looking to play some heroes 3 and see it in a nice modern resolution with a better looking world. All art assets have been remade. I wish the frames per second were higher with the environmental objects (like windmills) for a smoother experience. This version lacks all the expansions so it's basically the vanilla version. So if you're looking for Conflux faction, or any of the two expansion's content, look elsewhere. This is just for a little nostalgia which it does nicely. That's all I was looking for and I'm happy with it. I recommend this to heroes 3 fans who want to play casually. Or new players who want to experience heroes 3 for the first time, but in a more modern way.
 

MatteN
229 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
69.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2015
HoMM3 is one of my all-time favourite games. The HD version was a great excuse to play through it once again.

If you've never played HoMM before, it's a perfectly paced, turn based strategy where every turn you accomplish something, and your next turn always has something tantalisingly out of reach leading to that "just one more turn" additiction. The mix of hero progression, town building, world exploration and army building is deeply satisfying and the combat mode plays like a chess puzzle of prioritising which threats to eliminate first.

If you're a HoMM veteran then you probably already own the original on CD from 15 years ago. The HD version gives slightly cleaned up graphics, achievements and the convenience of Steam, but lacks the DLC and some other features. I personally didn't miss any of those features so I was very happy with my purchase.
 

beaker
4,285 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2015
Yes, I'm aware that the expansions are not included (that's not really their fault). Yes, I know there's an HD mod for the original version (in fact, I love it). Then why did I essentially buy Heroes III for the third time, giving Ubisoft, who has otherwise not treated this magnificent video game series with the respect it deserves, my not-so-hard-earned money? I've probably sunk more time into HoMM3 than any other game, and experiencing this brilliant game with high-resolution graphics is quite refreshing after playing it for well over a decade with sprites made for 800×600 screens. Unlike some other reviewers, I think DotEmu has actually done an excellent job upgrading the graphics (with a few minor exceptions). The gameplay is of course still there, as captivating and enjoyable as ever. The third instalment is the pinnacle of the series, and with the way games are made these days, there will probably never be anything quite like it again. I think this HD edition is the closest you'll ever get to a true 21st-century Heroes of Might and Magic game (not that Heroes IV is bad – it's just different), and that's worth getting, if you ask me.
 

3d0xp0xy 💙💛
1,429 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
234.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2015
10/10 Necro is OP and rocks are hilariously bad
 

Vlad
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2015
very good game, the campaign part of it is the most enjoyable.

Just add the explaons to it already ok? ty
 

Marreant - David
54 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
239.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2015
Add option random map and, add 2 campains shadow of death and armagedon blade. 4/10 game without this.
 

Malinowy Chruśniak
156 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
4.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2015
best game ive ever played
 

ratJester
23 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2015
It's laggy, it's not compatible, It does not include expansions, just updated graphics, Pure scam.
 

Barkbiten
99 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
102.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2015
One of the best games i've played during my childhood !! will never stop playing it ever !!
 

The Bear Jew
93 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
13.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
amazing game will buy iy again an day
 

Shitty Fingers
140 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 25, 2015
DO NOT BUY!

Yeah....I did not know that the game did not have all of the original features, I feel like i have been mugged.

Guys please, if you want to play HoMM 3 don't buy this version, this is more like a polished "DEMO" of the game.
 

VerociousMyke
90 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2015
Product refunded

The visuals got prettier on high resolution monitors. That's all. If you're from 20-th century of gaming, then I recommend to play on more usual versions of this incredible game.
 

Electronik
325 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
94.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2015
You know what you get, seeing as it's a HD remake of maybe the best (IMO) strategy game there is.

Looks better, not superb. Not that this is a game we played for the visual content. It looks more modern, simply put.

The biggest letdown to me is the lack of the expansions. As several mention, you're better of with the full pack from gog.com and finding a HD-pack.
 

tryminatorJ
355 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2015
this game is unplayable i cant get it to function at full quality even though my specs have met the required conditions
 

DOCTORLIM
5 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
118.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2015
neverdying classic that still makes you forget about sleep
nothing changed - and thanks for that
bought as "thank-you" to developers
 

Ec1ipse
78 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 13, 2015
I'll give um an extra 10 bucks to give me the polished version.
 

DailyKnews
104 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
456.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 25
What happened to the Random Map Generator? This is important
 

zowwie
10 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
32.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2015
i dont know why all this hate for the game, the game is aweomse as brings back so many memoris, plus in the forums ( view discussions) some one ( thanks :D ) is making a mod that adds all the expansion maps, and have some fixes.
so yeah if you like HoM&M 3 this is aweomse use the mod is a must but still aweomse
 

Halardras
553 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
24.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2015
I would recommend this when it's on super discounts like 75% or 80%, or even better as a part of Humble Bundle. It's a great game. There is beautiful art and fantastic music.

However, there are only three original campaigns instead of 6. Furthermore, there are no extensions like the version from GoG. Those who wants a longer version of the game should definitely think twice which to buy.
 

Sheep in the BiG City
533 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2015
as you can see the game didn't even start for me, and selling a game that won't start is just instant negative review ;) don't buy this ♥♥♥♥,,,

http://www.gog.com/game/heroes_of_might_and_magic_3_complete_edition cheaper and with expansions! and it even looks better actually xD plz remove this game from Steam. ;)
 

Ludofine
236 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2015
Great edition for Heroes of Might & Magic fans. This is only Restoration of Erathia, so I'm guessing Ubisoft wants to sell the other expansions as DLC.

The animations could have been improved, but then again, that's part of the nostalgia.
 

Gorguss
1,160 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
I have always loved this series, sadly all the issues with MP on Heroes VI has lowered my overall rating on the series,
so when i saw THIS refurnished edition i had to buy it out of nostalgia and the fact it was pre VI.
BIG MISTAKE! if this is what they consider a good improvement they might aswell skip any future "remakes" ever!
Feel i wasted money on something they ran through a toaster tbh.... it has the charm of the old original but it isn't really much improved in my opinion.
I would rather have bought heroes 4 and 5 as they are originally than waste my money on this remake...
5/10 and thats just cause it's heroes 3! +0.5 for the "improvement" so
Overall 5.5/10 !
 

Arvid_sFw.HGSD
398 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
78.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2018
Back to the past, when as a children we was waiting for weekend to meet and play hot seat. Now this is the same game but with better graphic and with the same climate.
Only minus is no expansions- Armageddon Blade was my favorite campaign.
In short if somehow you do not know what's HOMM. It is strategic game where as a playable hero, we gather armies, we take up mines of raw materials needed to develop castles and army. Main goal on map is usualy destroy enemy forces and capture all his towns.
 

zuraf
149 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
39.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
my father always playthis game with me when I was a child. and I always lose the game,,that is my good memory
 

别急
84 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
135.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2016
needs the expansions!
 

CAN
61 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2019
This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i bought the game only to play multiplayer and it doesn't work.
 

Joneidas
25 products in account
0
87 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
61.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
I want my money back, this is not the game I payed for. This is a ruined version of a timeless classic with slightly better graphics and more bugs
 

POD
76 products in account
2
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2015
very fun game, and remember it's just a hd remake
 

sympa
68 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2015
For what it is this game is awesome, The ability to play it without it crashing like it does with the old disc is worth the $15 alone. Yes it doesnt have the 2 expansions but im sure there will be DLC in the future. Great times, just like when it first came out many years ago
 

Kripplen
74 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2016
What nostalgia! :D
This is the first PC-game that I have ever played (back in the golden days of early 90´s) and it hasn´t lost it´s glory even after all these years! HD edition looks great and you can still lose yourself in the game for hours at a time. Campains, enemies, strategies, adventures, exploring, battles and all the other so so so cool stuff that seems just perfect.
The game has awesome music and so much to choose from, even if the playing in itself is quite simple, so it´s suitable game to any player who doesn´t play that much, and still you´ll find a nice challence even after playing it for longer and multiple times.

5/5

As an afterthought: I noticed that some players are dissapointed with the fact that the came is entirely the same as it was when it first came out. I myself, am only happy that I can play the very same game again. I personally would be dissapointed if the game had been altered or a lot of stuff added to it. Why chance the classic? If you want a different game, buy a different game.
 

Sisko
189 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
73.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Ahh I remember the sweet days where I would sit for hours on end playing Homam with my friends, my brothers and even my dad once in a while. This is truly a nostalgic trip.

Now let us go to this HD Remake.
Now tomorrow me and my friend is going to play this non stop trough the whole night but I played just for 10 minutes to see that everything was working so on.

My reaction is.
What did you expect seriously atleast 60% of the negative reviews are mad because they did not get the expansion pack. So to clearify you buy the original Heroes of might and magic 3 in HD nothign more nothing less.

Now when we get that out the way time for pros and cons!
Pros:
- Very strategic and it allows for countless of strategic movements
- Becomes smother in HD
- Fun multiplayer
- Fun singleplayer campaign.
- Has the same feelig as the original game
- NO MORE HAMACHI!!!!!

Cons:
- Multiplayer and single player matches restricted to scenarios (aka you need to play on preset maps with preset amount of players) Ps: Crimson clover I highly recommend.
- Multiplayer = you need friends to play with (might work with Steam but in the original it was boring to play against random opponents)

Half Cons: (Things not included in the orignal game but they could have done now):
- Expansions (probably they will come)
- Non scenario Multi and single player
- The lobby music to the game is as in the orignal one far to loud so you have to go into the mixer and change it because you can not change that stuff unless you are in a a game otherwise.


In all and all. It was the game I payed for. It would have been nice if they would have done something extra for the return of the hd remake but I can not be to cranky about it.
8/10 (10/10 if you include my nostalgic rush that feels like I am on crack)

Buy the game!
 

Tunasallad [MMG]
719 products in account
8
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2015
This is a graphical rework of the 1999 game 'Heroes of Might & Magic III' which is undoubtedly one of the best games in the strategy genre. Still to this day you will find dedicated players competing online as well as streaming their tactics and games on Twitch.tv
A must have for any self proclaimed strategy player, fun for both casual and hardcore players.
 

Noah
67 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
161.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2015
I have waited for this to be remade for a LONG time.
I have about 300 hours + on the origonal game and played a lot of HoMM2 as well.

I only payed $8 for it so imo it was worth a buy, "HD Remake" is a bit rich considering the changes are minimal, though people are saying they can't notice them they are there and there is new sounds ect.

Only lame thing is no expansions (Yet) so there is't many maps in sigle senario.

If you have never played a HoMM game from 3DO i'd give it a buy
 

Thicc DJ Kaled
82 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
196.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2015
There was not one good review among the lot of you, and you call your self HOMM3 Fans!!!

We should all appreciate the fact we now have a Classic game such as this with Multiplayer support. No more having to user 3rd party client to play your friends and having to deal with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ port forwarding. Yes there has been bugs along the way but do your research guy! There constant patching, besides how many times has that old version crashed on us while playing.

And for those BIT-CHERS out there if you spend 5min doing a google search you will find there is a Random map Generator OMG mind Blown!

I still to this day play this game regularly, as soon as the game fired up I noticed a huge upgrade to the graphics keep in mind it’s an old game but they improved the sharpness, and smooth texturing of the colors. It almost seems like some of you were expecting a complete makeover.
To sum this up it’s AWESOME to finally have an all-time favorite game supported through steam, but that’s just my opinion.

Suck It up BIT-CHES!!
 

M3MZ
182 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
55.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2021
This game is truly an amazing strategy game to sharpen the mind. To conquer in this world remember Sun Tsu The Art of War
 

latinababy862
1 product in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
74.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2021
this is a great strategic game! absolutely love it!!!
 

terry.briddon
9 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
81.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2020
Para mim, esse é um dos melhors jogos de todos os tempos! Uma obra-prima.
 

Limão
72 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
104.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2020
Old school is the best school.
 

smithyhammer
88 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
3.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2016
Where are the expansions? And nobody actually plays online. Sure the new graphs are OK but most of the game's soul is lost.
 

JustCallMeDelta
367 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2016
It is a shame the random map feature is missing.
 

methajensen83
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
109.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2016
That is fairly nice interpretation of the good old game, however it lacks the DLCs so much, that it makes it not worth its price.
 

Guahos
440 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
495.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2017
Still the best game ever
 

chào buổi sáng
1,056 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
52.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2019
Product received for free

This game was one of my favorite games when I was a child. It is fun to play still. Turn-base system and resource management feels satisfiying. Building and unit diversity is high, especially if you think how old this game is; skill trees are the same too. Campaigns are not so hard if you know how to play. AI was dumber than I remembered or I was the dumb one at that time. Naturally, story is simple and a bit dull. Unfortunatelly expansions are not included and they say that original codes are missing.
 

Dalkavuk
260 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
104.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2017
Yes, we all know that it lacks the AB & SoD campaigns. Ubisoft claims that when they went through New World Computings files they could not find the source codes for those. Simple. This is the first strategy game I have played ever in my life and for a game that was made near two decades ago it still beats most of the strategy games of today. HD resolution looks pretty legitimate, they did the best they could, as it seems.

Pros:
+Pretty good faction/creature design. Infact that this game paved the wave for most of the epic/fantasy games of the future both lore and visual-wise.
+Soundtrack is awe inspiring. Feels epic and gritty when it needs to be.
+A lot of options to lay a path to victory.
+Online support (I have a couple of old friends who also used to play the game so we still throw some Online/LAN parties).
+Campaign storyline is actually pretty good. Like Tolkien kind of good.

Cons:
-No AB or SoD campaigns as mentioned before. Sad.
-If you are not familiar with the franchise or played the original game back in the day it might be very boring/unappaling to you visually compared to the alternatives you may have in 2017.
-Fullprice is kind of too much to ask for, personally I grabbed it on a sale.
-Number of maps for Co-op campaigns kind of falls short.

Overall:
Duckton of replay value, countless "just one more turn"s, a lot of fun and intriguing if you have friends to play with and ofcourse nostalgia for the fans of the franchise. My vote might be a bit biased but after all; 8/10. Just because they do not have the DLCs I will not throw a tantrum. You should read before buying any product, including games. So if you do not stop whining Sandro the Great will throw your family into the Skeleton Transformer.
 

Perseus
636 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
255.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2016
Never tired of playing this, even after all those years. Probably my favorite game of all.
 

milith
125 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
86.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2020
its the best game i ever played
 

Lohatronas
60 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
45.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Huge disappointment. I spent countless hours on this game as a child and I thought, in exchange for my hard earned £12 I would receive a HD remake [with hopefully a few tweeks than "modernise" the game], what I actually was given was the game I know and love, with everything I wanted taken away. Admittedly it is in HD, sadly the game itself is actually worse [in terms of gameplay and content] than something created 15 years ago. WHAT!?

I never imagined I would be writing a negative review, especially considering how much I love this game, but this is dreadful. I put my faith in the HD remake, but in reality I should have bought the original again.

If you're playing this because you love the random map generator, and exploring each faction then do not buy it. If you enjoy playing the campaign repeatedly and only want to do multiplayer [which I haven't tried] then this is probably for you. Hopefully ubisoft release the rest of the content at some point or at least explain why it has not been included. No doubt a HoMM3 DLC pack for £9.99 will be released in the coming months. Ergh :(
 

Beardless Fish
126 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2020
Childhood memories
 

redneverdies
15 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2015
Just don't buy this game ... Search your old boxes with games, and install classic version.
 

Jovianoid
806 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 21, 2021
Good game, but buy it on GoG.
Steam version would not even start, i tried to make it work for 3 hours, then I bought it again on GoG and there was even more content + an active community.
 

AlexanderVX
104 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2020
LEGENDARY STRATEGY GAME!
 

Backa777
3,968 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2020
Freaking awesome..
 

Chico
207 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2020
bought this title when released, as was on of my personal favourite. Was hoping it will include some patches which came with DLC releases, but no DLC after years. I still recommend, but old homam3 offer more in this case. Cool to play on tablet anyway :)
 

szilveszterdomotor
7 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
22.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2015
There's nothing wrong with it for what it is. People shouldn't bash the game because it lacks the two other expansion packs, they should be judging it on what this game, here on Steam, is and the functionality of it.
I have the GOG version as well, which is the complete edition, but I still had some compatibility issues and random crashing, otherwise it was perfectly fine to play, but for me, I never really indulged in the expansion packs and played exclusively randomly generated maps, which is a feature the HD version lacks unfortunately for those people who don't also own the GOG version.
If you do, then it's very simple to use the map editor for the complete edition (selecting only the base game) and enabling the RMG then saving it to the steam maps folder instead. This is what I've been doing and it works perfectly! So now I have everything I need: a working game - with so far (3 hours in) no crashes, HD graphics which are subtle but very nice, as well as widescreen resolution support. :D

Without the RMG there's probably a lot less replayability, but for those without the GOG version installed as well, there are plenty of scenarios and the campaigns are really fun.
 

Saturnfly
777 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
10.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 1, 2017
They literally took a great game then spray painted a HD texture over it all and accidentally erased a little bit of it and re released it.

whyonly1campaign/10
 

polar
158 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
38.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2016
no random map
 

Fuzzywinkles
147 products in account
1
5 people found this review helpful 1

Not Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 11, 2021
This edition is missing all the good stuff
 

vebjorn.sagli
31 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
36.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 25, 2021
It lacks DLCs
 

Wlad
260 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
12.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2021
Lacks all of the original expansions.
 

K
186 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 5, 2021
https://youtu.be/q43G9FTaomg
 

aapo
236 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
109.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2021
Was a fun nostalgic romp, but once I found the complete game on GOG this version is pointless and not that replayable, with the lacking DLCs hindering the overall experience.
 

Skillionaire
228 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
80.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2021
Truly a timeless classic i just cant get enough of. Yet i would advise people to not buy this. No add ons, no random maps, just the base game. 15bucks for a 20 year old game is insane; even more so when it is incomplete. Simply put you get half a game at full price.
 

Patrick Star
278 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
49.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
I love the game, since the beginning of time this game was a great time waster. Hot seats in HoMaM2 gave a new meaning in gaming. This one is just a fantastic descendant of that tradition. Really love it, it is a little bit buggy when it comes to campaign progress, but nothing easy reload of the saved game wouldn`t fix.

The only con to it is the last achievement which is the 'Fetchez la Vache!'.
 

surmonis
38 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
7.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2020
No expansions
 

ZombieK
86 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
92.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2020
Unironically best graphics
 

Chris
151 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2020
I have last of windows 10 pro version. The game return "the program has encoutentered an undefined behavior, see the log for more details" and didn't play
 

fcataro
1 product in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
118.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2019
Heroes of Might and Magic 3 is an absolute timeless classic. It is widely considered to be the best installment of the Heroes of Might and Magic series.
Whilst I very much recommend Heroes 3 for everyone, consider that this Ubisoft version comes without the offical expansions. You will be missing out on one faction (Conflux) and a random map generator, as well as campaigns and a number of maps. Besides, you will miss out on all the custom maps that were created since the expansions were released in the early 2000s. I should also mention that there are high quality mods created by fans that only work with the expansions. For example the mod "The Horn of the Abyss" features a new faction (Cove) and a long list of improvements and additions to the game. There is also the "HD Mod", which improves the graphics of the orginal game and makes the user interface easier to handle.
Maybe take a look at some YouTube footage from this "HD Edition" and then from "The Horn of the Abyss" and see if you value the graphical improvements of this edition over the better gameplay and "quality of life" of the original, modded game.
 

Ironfist
47 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2019
The game might be the awesomest M&M game ever. Fine.

This "HD Edition" seems to be simply a "will work in HD widescreen resolutions" fix, and no more. But it is more, the pixel 2D graphics were upgraded, although it feels like the same 1999 graphics, with super jerky animations and movement. Also, no expansions, no random map generator.

It really is like playing the original. But beware the eyesore. If the animations were smoother, and the expansions included, it would be a thumbs up.

I keep wondering when instead of making so-called "HD Editions" which are basically half-measures of restoration, how about REBUILDING the game on a new engine? Instead of selling it for $15, sell it for $25, $35, whatever. I'd buy it.

Because right now I have to say goodbye forever to Heroes III... :-(
 

twitch.tv/Horrux
911 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
48.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2019
No launch when me drink beer with friend?
WHY
 

Tubus
68 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
Best game ever
 

Milner
106 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
40.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2018
No Expansions i can accept but no random map is super bad.
 

John Curtin
178 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
18.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2017
this vers. of game is not complate. shadow of death and armageddons blade is not in there.

you can see fire elemantal and the other creatures from the armageddons blade in this page.

THİS NAME "SCAMMING"
 

Gopnik
88 products in account
1
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
172.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2018
Can't play HOMM3.

I downloaded homm3 several months ago, and I enjoyed the game.
Now I wanted to play the game again, but it doesn't work.
Steam app is running and homm3 launcher(the window that I can choose the resolution and fullscreen) is also running.
But when I push the "Play" button, nothing happens.
The homm3 launcher vanishes and that's all.

So I reinstalled both Steam app and HOMM3, but fail to play the game.
What should I do?
 

shyzealot08
3 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
17.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
For me Heroes 3 is one of the best games ever, spent days and nights playing multiplayer hotseat with my friends. It is sad that this HD Edition dont have expansions because they add so much to heroes 3..
 

hadra666
2,242 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
16.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2016
One of the best! A PC classic.
 

mrcmarking
474 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
45.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2015
Still wanting for the arma and shadow to be added
... hoping it does
Hold off getting this if you were expecting it
 

2Lazy
295 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
26.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 23, 2015
Just like the old one just prettier its still an amazing game and its worth the money
 

Uller
409 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
365.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2016
Love it, Using random maps from the no HD version and works fine in this game.



 

uber understeer
21 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
112.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2017
This HD versio has only 10% maps from regular. no updates.
 

Tjoveri
141 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2016
Product received for free

Old and the best!
 

kasumi
91 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 25, 2015
Waste of money. I literally see no difference and no improvements in this HD Edition. May be just a few. But it's not worth buying. You can't even play online without opening ports on your router...
 

Mr.Poopy Butthole
59 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
22.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
I CANT BELIEVE A COMPANY LIKE UBISOFT RELEASE A GAME WITH ALL THESE BUGS.

Just dont buy this game, multiplayer is not even working, if u try to create a game in multiplater game CRASH.
While you are playing offline the game randomly CRASH.
Not even random map generator.

Buy gog version if you want to play this game.

I wont buy more game from UBISOFT. Now i have learnt.
 

Mario
190 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 24, 2017
Only game on steam that I've ever bought for full price. I have so many wonderul memories of this game, sitting round my friends house each taking it in turn to sit on the chair in front of the pc that for some strange reason was in his parents bedroom. Shame this doesn't have the expansion packs included.
 

fuzzle3
618 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2020
It's a shame it's not the complete version of the game, but still very worth playing! This version of the game has converted my boyfriend to a HOMM III fan, so I'm very grateful for that!
 

siren-girl
46 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
152.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 20
Been playing this game for many years. just beat the campaign. wish theyd add the expansions for purchase.
 

Lazercatz
74 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
70.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2020
this a good game
 

jackmccann222
36 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2021
fab**********
 

DragonSoup
167 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2015
Man, I grew up playing this game. when I think of Turn Based Strategy games, this is what comes to mind. Sadly I don't reccomend this version of the game simply because you can get the original version for like $10 on GOG, and that version comes with all the expansions (which made the game infinitely playable with randomly generated maps and more races, artifacts, etc.). This is ONLY the Restoration of Erathia (the base game that originally came out). Come on, Ubisoft. Make my childhood come to life by adding all the expansions. I need this. YOU need this.
 

Poopasaurus
261 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2016
I'm happy to see this HD remake of one of the greatest games of all time. Everything is true to the original, no fance stupid new ideas - because these days the Heroes games they release are full of stupid ideas. The only downside of this release is that it does not include the expansions and they too have a cult status among the old Heroes fans. But still, I really recommend it.
 

Nikola Bathory
80 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2015
Classic game, shame this version is not the Complete one though. You can buy this game on disc and get an additional 2 full campaigns. Until Ubisoft offer the full game I would buy it somewhere else other than on Steam.

I highly recommend the game though.
 

lastboppa
14 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2015
Well, it's playable, but that's about the only good thing I can say about this version.
Changes are so minimal it's embarresing. Content is lacking in missing DLC, the whole thing feels like a cash grab.
A good point about this is that they did keep the core game without ruining anything, but you can't really ruin something you barely tried to change. Not worth your money, stay away.
 

Shahamster
399 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2015
Totally wasted money. 15 euros for a little, cosmetic changes to creature animations. Doesn't even include The Shadow of Death nor Armageddon's Blade (lemme guess... will be added at $5 per each as DLC?). They could at least add "Buy all creatures" button in the city - forget it. The GUI is still not 16:9 as "HD" would suggest, and honestly, icons just look better in old 800x600 version up-scaled on a large screen.
 

i9-12900K ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
666 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
95.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2015
Though there isn't much HD in the game, it's a Steam version, so you can play multiplayer easily without the use of additional software. And as for the expansions, they were not going to be included in the game, so stop whining about it. They may be added in the future, and to be honest, it's Restoration of Erathia that makes this game.

All in all, a good addition to Steam. Now we need just HoMMs 1, 2 and 4.

P.S. They could remove Might and Magic Heroes VI (MaMH6?) from Steam now that we have this beauty. :P
 

The Fly
131 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
170.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 8
Hours to learn, years to master. Have loved this game since it first came out. One of the best turn based strategy games I have ever played.
 

Mr.Jeremy
54 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
61.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 23, 2020
A classic have played for many years and never completed the campaign- very hard and a lot of hours, but never the less one of my favourite games of all time. Excellent game to play with a friend/partner !
 

SasWhite
2 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2017
Still waiting for Armageddon's Blade and Shadow of Death.

What's good is that they improved font (I think, as I can actually stare at it without my eyes bleeding).

Still, what you get here you can get better with HD mod (which requires some working with it to figure out which settings are good for you).

Did I already mentioned, that I can't wait for the AB and SoD update?!

I really wonder why do I even write this review, as anyone who would buy it at all (after so long) would do so, not caring about reviews, and ppl who do care wouldn't buy it anyway.

I really hope AB and SoD will come out Soon! :D
 

lemme smash
159 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2020
The playerbase made a better mod out of the original game than this remastered crap. Sure the nostalgia has some good vibes and graphics here, but for a far superior play go for the homm mod
 

CoolAidApocalypse
85 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2016
Bought this game just because i am the fan of Heroes III. Anyway, this is the worst remake ever made, this ♥♥♥♥ is bugged and unplayable. I strongly recommend NOT to buy it for everyone, who want to try playing Heroes III.
 

Mimimi
86 products in account
2
20 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2017
Can't even buy the expansions .
 

Sokaaa
53 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 27
If they upgraded this to the full version it would be worth it but without S.O.D and armageddons blade it's really not worth it
 

$pORe
34 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 9, 2020
It's like I'm a kid again. The sharper sprites and graphics overall is nice, and not overdone.
 

Catweed OG ツ
70 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2020
По началу ничего не понятно, у многих это игра с детства, но я в нее не играл. В игре как такого обучения нет, непонятно что делать и зачем. В первые часы вообще хочется выйти из игры удалить ее и сказать "Верните мои деньги!". Однако если посидеть от силы 5 минут, из нее не захочется выходить, я не знаю с чем это связано
 

Reker
35 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
705.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
A mediocre port of an amazing game. Key features are missing like random-map-generation, and some major key content packs, but at heart, this game is what it says it is, an HD edition of a game that I've played for almost two decades. And the multiplayer actually works.

Get it on sale if you can.
 

Merlin
402 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2019
I still love this game after more than ten years I didn't play it. Time goes unnoticed when playing this game.
 

meow
44 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
73.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2015
Can we get the expansions????????
 

Mooser123
144 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
93.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Edit (switching to nagative...):
I agree with many of the nagative reviews that this rerelease was just lazy. I hoped that it would get new players into the HoMM series (HoMM6 is not what a Heroes game should be). I wish this rerelease did a better job of proving the beauty of this game and the simple 2D style with an amazing system (check out spiderweb games). The nostalgia was worth it for me, but I don't know that I would buy another Ubisoft rerelease (or game as of late). It was your move Ubi, you had so many gamers intrigued and excited. Can you fix it?

----

The expansions are missing because the code was lost... which is understandable, but why no map generator?

Otherwise it is still Heroes III and is worth it. I have not tried multiplayer, but I have had very few issues with the campaigns/single player.

(keep the music playing when rolling off of the main monitor please!!!)
 

Thantos
689 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
6.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2021
why cant it be the full version?
 

Dr. Szex
87 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
107.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2017
Still one if not the best round base strategy game, sadly the newer parts couldn't reach the epicness of this one

Highly recommended if you like strategy, this a must-have game.
 

JA
267 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
3,421.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2021
Played for couple of minutes, good game.
 

LakiArch
319 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
48.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 23, 2020
HISTORIA PURA.
 

ChorizoTropical
59 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
181.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 11
A classic turn-based strategy game that is still enjoyable after all these years. While it is disappointing that the expansion content is not included, this is still worth a buy (preferably when on sale) as it still provides hours of entertainment.
 

Crownroyal
79 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
82.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 21, 2018
A game like nothing today. I'd give someone my wallet if they made a good modern adaptation. (Devs have yet to pull it off).

Highly recommend if you enjoy games like Civilization. But there really is nothing today that's quite like this game.
 

Feather
132 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
The game didn't reach my expectations.

I don't recommend this game, if you want to play it in the multiplayer, which was my reason.
It does not work and the game crashes all the time.

The HD graphics looks nice, but in my opinion it is not worth it, because you are missing out on the content and fun playing the game without the expansions.
 

G00f
146 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2016
oldies but goldies
 

Tzyganwu
10 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
362.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2021
Buy complete HOM from GOG for less than this and get mods and more maps.
This is just waste of 12 quid...
 

Gee
135 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2019
I got the game for nostalgic reasons(Heroes III is still amongst my favorite games).

But boy was I in for a big surprise... In HD, and that's pretty much it.
The game somehow feels clunky, the animations seem so strained that the game might aswell crash any second.
The original game looked fantastic, and it was a timeless gem. The HD version only makes the game run in widescreen.
The hotkeys, are a mixed bag(Press E to end the turn), sometimes they work, sometimes they don't. It still baffles me how the game could be released in this state, bugs show up from time to time, even in the town screen...
Oh and let's not forget, you're not getting Heroes Platinum, you're only getting The Restoration of Erathia with glittery graphics, no expansions...
 

johnny_blaze665
342 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Don't buy this game.
I usually don't buy anything anymore from UBI as their support is **** and they don't give a damn about their customers + they only release broken bugged games. Which they eventually patch halfway, if you're lucky.

At this game, I didn't encounter any game breaking bugs however, and I bought it in the hopes of giving them a signal of what a heroes game should be like.

Still, I never expected they'd be able to destroy such a glorious game.
Positives: The graphics ==> good job. Though I prefer gameplay over graphics, H3 was beginning to look a bit old.

Negative: Only scenario maps, missing factions, removed features, no random map generator...
I can't even play a 1 vs 1 on a big map, no "buy all" creatures in towns, huge fps drop/2second freeze when the middle archer tower of a castle shoots when defending a keep (on an expensive gaming rig)...

Don't buy it, they messed up again. If this is really UBI's doing again, don't think support will help you, don't waste your time contacting them.

It took them over 6 months to help me out on how to play H6 on my gaming rig, and I even had to find the solution on my own, as they failed to find it. When I posted the answer to the problem: They didn't even care.

DO NOT BUY THIS, not worth the insane price tag.
 

Mithos
115 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2020
Best Heroes of Might & Magic of all time!
 

Hellkite
74 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
25.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2016
This is quite possibly the greatest game ever made.
 

Corporate Cat
831 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
74.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2020
Classic game. Wonderful, magic, beautiful. Rpg 10 of 10.
 

C几丹乃丹 BC ₽Փ
59 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2016
Heroes 3 is a great game, but this a money scam do not buy. This game is only the original Heroes 3 with no expansion at all, but if you want the HD edition you can get it online for free anyway.
HD does make a difference, but this not worth the money, ubisoft is taking money here):.

Get heroes 3 complete instead for 5 euros or download for free, and get gameranger, evolve etc to play through LAN.
 

❀♛Pyrus♛❀
308 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
127.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2015
Might be cheaper at gog(pluss you get the DLC too) but the fact that you can play multiplayer makes it worth every damn penny. playing this game again is kind of like traveling back in time too the 90's so definetly worth picking up if you want to play with your former HOMM friends
 

Z Y C O
622 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2020
If you loved the original release of this game, this is going to be basically the experience you remember. It's a bummer the expansions aren't included, but for a little nostalgic tour, this version still offers a good amount of content.

The HD upgrades are noticeable if you're doing a side by side comparison, but not going to blow anyone away. It seems like nothing has been rebuilt, just cleaned up. I think other than a moment here or there where you realize a menu icon isn't what you always thought it was or an animation that impresses with its crispness, you'll probably forget about it--which isn't necessarily a knock. I'm glad it looks and feels like I remember and more importantly, this is the peak of this series and the type of game that sucks you in and keeps you focused on the game, so it makes sense you wouldn't be thinking a ton about how good it looks or not. It was never about the graphics or frame rates; it was about the gameplay.

If you're completely new to this game, I would still recommend it. It's not just nostalgia that makes this game good--it holds up because it has a solid foundation and does what it sets out to do extremely well, mixing map exploration with town building and turn based strategy. It's a unique blend of these elements that few other games or series have ever pulled off. That said, if you're not usually a fan of a slower pace of game, I would watch some gameplay videos before buying.

There's not much more I could say that isn't also true of the original, so reviews from back when it first came out will still be relevant, but I want to emphasize that there's a ton of replay value in this game in the random scenarios and endless possibilities for custom maps. There's still sites that share hundreds of user maps for the original version--I haven't checked if any of those would work with this version of the game (or if there are updates of those), or if there is a similar community here for this release, but if it doesn't already exist, I have to think it will, and you'll have an endless supply of new maps and scenarios to play in no time. And if you don't have the best internet and live with friends or family who also game, this one is great for playing together, because you can go head to head or play as allies, taking turns in "hot seat" mode.

I'm happy to have a version of this game optimized for current computers and even if that was literally the only change to the game, I'd be happy for it... in fact, I think I still have an installation of this game from GOG that is just that.

The negative: I did have some issues running the game in full screen on Windows 10. I think it might be an issue with my machine, so I'm going to keep playing with it. Running windowed seemed to solve the issue. It still crashed on me at one point.

 

microbrien
79 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 1

Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2020
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sick
 

BigL
1 product in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
87.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2016
One of the best games of all time. Would be great if Steam could add the expansions.
 

milley.t
62 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
149.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2020
NICE GAME
 

oi.
135 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2015
good game
 

vessapaperirullateline
18 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2015
My childhood game now in HD!

Yeah... I love the Heroes series... now bring us Heroes of might and magic 4 in HD? no? okay... I tried.
 

SoshiPlayZ
649 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2020
You know what I like about cynical no talent sponges. They port pieces of nostalgia with some poorly generated fluff that obviously have not been play tested then dumped onto a market where they rely actual fans of the original to fix your game. It just sucks that soul sucking leaches who fail at every turn to create anything unique just polish nostalgia and sell it incomplete, buggy and broken.
 

adamknowles
4 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
43.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2020
SO MANY MISTAKES MADE BY UBI... This "HD" version has more errors than the original game. It works way better to get a free HD mod on normal heroes III.

But to be fair, the game is more stable now.

BTW there are no interactions and mechanics known from shaow of death or armageddons blade. It is a "clean" version of first Heroes III
 

CrossHunter
914 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
21.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2015
Was one of my favorite games when I was little. Though seeing it it in HD was fun for a moment the nostalgia quickly wore off. For the price I dont know if it is worth it since you can get the game and all of the expansions for around $9 or less. There is a map editor feature which isn't bad also, but buying the game just for the HD feature isnt worth it. If they can make a steam version of Warlords Battlecry III my life can be semi complete.
 

Melyssa
465 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
9.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 7
I believe that this is one of the best strategy games ever made. It stands the test of age extremely well, but because of it's dates 2d graphics it might appeal more to people who have nostalgic feelings for it or who played it "back in the day".

It's set in a medieval fantasy universe with well known creatures such as elves, orcs, gryphons, cyclops, minotaurs, dragons and so on.... With it's own twist of course. But boy, does this game do it all well. It's extremely fun if you like the strategy/rpg games and holds than fun to this very day.

There are many different playable factions each representing a certain "race" or "path" in the fantasy universe, such as "Nature( Elves, dwarves, unicorns, green dragons, centaur...), Undead(Ghost dragons, vampires, skeletons, zombies, liches...)... You get the idea.

I highly recommend this game to everyone.
 

Corvius
50 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2020
Oh boy!
This game is a pure gem. I remember playing it when I was smaller. So nostalgic.
The game is 21 years old (older than me) and still rocks! So complex, even modern games can learn from this. I didn't get well on with the sequels, but 6 is good.
It's a must buy if u are into classic strategic turn-based games!
 

Nostalgic
97 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
119.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2021
Super nostalgic from playing this during my childhood and oddly way harder to play than I remember.
 

moodysunshine
10 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2018
stopped working, will only let me do map editor but will not open the game to let me play after last steam update...sucks i loved this game and now i dont get to play it anymore
 

missinsanity08
11 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
15.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Absolute scam. Not including the most awesome feature(Random Map Generator) and forcing you to play 10-15 maps is absolutely retarded. I regret spending 15 euro for this.
 

Ohliuf
79 products in account
1
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Recommended
90.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2020
Now i can play my game normally, thank you, i try a newer verson on Nvidia driver. I want to ask about the Random maps, or the complete and wog expansion?
 

Mostly Sativa
26 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
184.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2017
Awesome game, I wish they would release the expansions!
 

dunneldeen
59 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
799.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2021
This is still the game I keep returning to after all these years. HD Edition looks great on an Ultra-Wide monitor and is Ultra addicting. Definitely worth the $$$
 

silverpython61
256 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
931.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 24, 2020
pretty good
 

JumpDashEvade
17 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
293.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2020
Having played this game for more than 20 years at this point, it is easily one of my absolutely favorites of all time!

The HD part is a bit half-assed to be honest and NONE of the expansions are included..
BUT! It's still a brilliant game and as far as I know, this is the only place where you can play online without having to pay a monthly fee.

The replayability alone would make me give this 9/10, and yet I give it a 6/10 because of the low-grade graphics upgrade that was made, and the utter lack of both expansion packs.
 

Elvolganta
637 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2019
Yes, as you have read, this does not come with Armageddon's Blade or any expansion pack. However, that is not because they couldn't be bothered. They simply CANNOT upgrade the expansion packs.

Now with that out of the way, the game is exactly as you'd expect: a proper HD remaster. I am aware of the HD mod for HOMMIII but it is not a shade on the quality of this one. It really breaths life back into an ancient game and the visuals are beautiful when brought into the modern age.

Make no mistake, the HD mod that is available out there only allows widescreen support and is no way a remaster. The developers here have redrawn every sprite, every image, every texture, every portrait and every effect.

Judging the game on its own merits, I think it is excellent. Judging it against the alternatives for 'HD' HOMIII in 2019 then, arguably, it falls short.
 

Galudirithon
307 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Graphics are a bit better, but other then that, the same great game. If you have played game in the past, you don't need to read reviews to decide if you want to buy it. If you never played it, don't worry about that the expansions are missing and multiplayer dose not work well. It was made to be single player and a game takes quite a long time to play, and that is with the computer taking 5 seconds for his turns.

Don't let all the negative review detur you from buying this game, all of them enjoyed it back in 1999. Hopfully the expantions will be released later.
 

[TLGS] Mario-x
833 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 5
They only want one thing from us, at any cost.

Vote with your wallet and never forget.
 

Heavens
630 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
113.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2020
good game
 

A chicken Fried This Rice?
121 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
33.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2017
Wish I knew that there was no Workshop support and no expansions included in this shameless cash grab. Too bad I've played it for more than 2 hours, if I had not done that I would've refunded.
 

total_Fiction
162 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
97.0 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2015
Paras nostalginen peli mitä steamistä löytyy! 5/5
 

DaiShilareN
153 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
31.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2017
Do not buy this game. It doesn't launch for about half the people who try to play it. GOG has it, working, for less. Don't bother getting it here.
 

Drooski
233 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2020
Fun blast from the past
 

Goruto
492 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
41.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2018
It's Heroes 3....in HD. Only true benefit is the online capability. Can play hours with buddies like in the old days.
 

ActionFRANK1337
288 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
107.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2016
I remember a bit about playing the first game of this series, and I loved it. This one is the last of the series that I really liked. I say this because after this game series becomes very complexed. Anyway, it's an all around great game to play, I highly suggest it to anyone into the whole turn based/role playing type of games.
 

Benjamin Quinn
199 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2015
HoMM3 is the one that started it all for me i could spend hours playing it but this, this is not it its a badly redone version of the original sure it has better graphics but thats it there isnt even the full expansions of HoMM3 on there I mean for pitys sake there isnt even a random map generator there is only so many times one can play a set list of maps before one goes mad.
 

Helltul
38 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2015
Firstly, why cannot I use Spacebar hotkey to activate the object the current hero is standing at? Saves a lot of time at maps with dupe portals and is helpful in some other situations.
Secondly, when are AB and SoD going to come out (for free to those who have already bought this, of course. Especially with a preorder.)?
 

Greatfox [RUS]
286 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
Classic good game, and can still online with friends!
 

Ironicspade
75 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
82.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2018
Game Stopped launching, no longer playable. Denied request for refund. No way to fix.
 

bucherson101
14 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
139.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 27, 2021
This game is a legend. Anyone who enjoys playing fantasy conquest games should have played this. Unfortunately, Conflux has been removed, which is a shame. Please rent it in ...
 

Franzmann13
8 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
11.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2017
Such a great old game, that offers so many hours of play. Would reccomend :- )
 

arg deer arg ייט
169 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
73.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
For faith!
 

fekegk
423 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
109.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2017
Homm need to update properly. Please some respect
 

onurturkdonmez
142 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
I don't understand why so many bad reviews. The game is the same epic masterpiece. It does missin some extensions, but hell, this is the masterpiece!
 

SergiuHellDragoonHQ
1,002 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
19.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2020
Another user described what I think:
"TOTAL SH*T No expansions, changed machanics (for worse), simpler textures than in original and no random map generator. Ubisoft as usual is trying to earn money for doing half the work. Buy Original version on GOG (already with all expansions) and instal hd mod for free. Better graphic, hd for free and unchanged, good (not the bullsh&t made in 1 hour from this remaster) mechanics. Ubisoft is a ♥♥♥#%*g greedy joke that disrespects gamers."
 

filipk
9 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
70.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2018
Heroes of Might & Magic III is an excellent turn based fantasy strategy game and I'm willing to recommend it wholeheartedly. However I don't see a reason to buy the HD Edition when you can buy the Complete edition from the GoG.
 

Borén
263 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
50.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2015
The gameplay itself is one of the best in the series, with classic creatures and factions. Basically Heroes 5 with better graphics. However, the game is so buggy and the multiplayer experience is so dreadfully glitchy that it overshadows all the positives. I've been a huge Heroes fan since the 90's, and this game is so terrible that I honestly feel that Ubisoft owes us our money back. I've been trying for months now to play a single mulitplayer game online and haven't been able to complete ONE GAME due to a laundry list of bugs and connection issues, despite several patches by the inept programmers of the game. Overall, good potential but shamefully unfinished. Thanks Ubisoft.
 

slcards2
30 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
237.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 19, 2019
HoMM is one of the best games ever made. Personally, I loved the 2nd one more but this 3rd one is awesome too.
 

No chance
70 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
39.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
all work fine exept multiplayer seems to crash instantly so im a little upset!!!! any help will be nice
 

ꋊꁲꋖꐇꌅꁲ꒒ ꉣ꒒ꁲꋊꈼꋖ
160 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2021
top
 

Rossini2001
192 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
31.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
Don't let the negative reviews scare you

yes the GOG version is complete with all expantions
but if you dont care about that at all and just want to play HoMM3 again but this time looking really nice and sharp then I would say get this one

I got the GOG version aswell but after playing the HD version I doubt I will touch the older version ever again I cant say I miss the expansions still plenty of content to (re)play

only thing I miss is a workshop would be nice to have a very easy way to swap custom made maps
 

Dutria
753 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
47.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2016
Slightly dissappointing that this only has campaigns and scenarios from Restoration of Erathia and not the "complete" edition which contains Armageddons Blade and Shadow of Death. Comsidering this is new and the HD version I expected it to contain all missions, etc from what I played years ago. Hopefully there will be some sort of update in the near future, otherwise not worth the $15
 

silverfox2332
6 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
152.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2019
The King of epic strategy turn based games! (maybe along side Civilisation in the turn-base category).
Comes after the also great HoM&M II, but the third was meant to rule for years and years in the minds of all gamers.
You are in charge of some heroes of one of the different tribes, in two major categories fighter or mage, but leveling up you can make each one follow a different path. There is a map that you explore (most of the times two-leveled), collect resources and experience by fighting. In the map there are predetermined different castles, which you must own and protect to survive. The castles provide you armies aiming you for the fights. The famous fight system is a chess board where strategy and army numbers equally count.
I've played this game as a university student almost 20 years ago (was first released in 1999) and it's still a game someone can enjoy that lacks almost nothing comparing to modern games!
 

Zodar
113 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
80.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2017
Very first PC game I ever played as a 7-8 year old. This game was my first full blown addiction I would wake up at 4 am to play it for 12 hours straight. The version I used to play didn't have the expansions so I don't mind that this version doesn't have them. Aside from a few bugs the only thing that bothers me is that there's no matchmaking or map generator. The fantastic music is also bugged out half the time in this version. Oh well this game is still epic and I'm glad it's on Steam.


UPDATE:

This version is a piece of ♥♥♥♥ if you want the full game get it off GoG or torrent. Get the complete edition then get the hd mod and hota mod. It will allow you to make and search for lobbies and you'll have a random map generator. You even have simultaneous turns in multiplayer it's amazing. Setup for all this is like 20 minutes very smooth sailing. Multiplayer community is brimming with life.
 

Milk and Honey
132 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2015
Although i would agree with most of the reviews on this title i do not agree giving it a bad review just because it does not have the expansions to this game. I have thousands of hours invested into the old series. I would notice something being amiss.

I knew going into it that this was only Heroes 3 Restoration of Erathia. With that being said we should really be judging it for its HD elements and bugs/performance.

The moats look different. It was the first thing i noticed other then cage of warlords in the fortress town now actually looks like a cage instead of a net.

So yes there are some hd elements that are extremely noticable. Is it alot? No.

Granted i have not put that much time into this remake yet so i may re-review it after the fact. But for right now i will give it a down vote only because i find this hard to believe that much time has been put into it to call it a HD remake.

 

Miraclehands
443 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
72.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Heroes 3 was very much the start of my gaming carreer. I dont get the hate on this remastered version of the game. I do however understand all the fangirls screaming about the game not including the original DLC's. But it doesn't make it unplayable. The game works fine, and is serious fun playing with your mates. 8/10
 

Welfare_puppies
77 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
3.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2015
80% of the people that purchase this version cant play it, cant install it, or it bugs out half way through the gametime, developers are slow to handle this version's bugs, and player complaints. the only thing that's changed in this version is slightly better graphics on units and buildings, less maps, aparently less game options. dont bother spending your money on this one guys. if your looking for better graphics try heroes V. gameplays a little different than the good ol ones, but better than this broken one
 

Lifesember
47 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
20.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2015
I still cannot figure out why I bought this XXX edition without noticing it is NOT SOD!


angle...is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ detroying in this version and the random map is missing!
 

Blue13all
66 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
50.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2019
good game
 

Gruvan Bastuspik
63 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
119.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2017
No expansions. And the HD graphics isn't enough to say yes to this game
 

Engwathang
300 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
Lacks Random Map Generator becuase it's an incomplete game. 1/9001
 

Pollution Monster
471 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
91.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2016
Just as fun as the day the original game released all those sixteen years ago. It's still great to me after all this time.
 

Angelo Dante
335 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
263.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 14, 2018
I loved this game when it came out but never really found time to play it all the way through. Now with HD version I got a chance to finally finish it. This great classic is a must have for every old school gamer.
 

Badass
225 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
3.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2017
Product refunded

Used to have this game on CD, then my house burnt down.
Thanks Steam for bringing back one of my favorite games.
 

ŻABA JESTEM
242 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
56.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2020
give us all the expansions you cheap dogs
 

aroguedonut
165 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2017
Best game ever from my childhood! Brings back so many memories!
Still running good, its nice that you dont feel the HD remake that much because otherwise it loses its glory
No issues and cant wait to replay all these hundreds of hours of adventures!
 

AF-Nosespray
110 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 21, 2020
The game was not what was promised. It says it is an HD remake, but all that was done was
change the shading! Also, this version Heroes has LESS content than the original! More than half the maps from pre-created scenarios are absent, there is no random map scenario, and the graphics are almost identical. Not only that, the game freezes in places its original never did (like starting combat).

Coming from the original game, where I have literally hundreds of hours played, this game is a cash grab based off of nostalgia. This game is garbage in comparison to the original.
 

shaftnee
30 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2019
graphics may be dated but game is still as fun as I remember it when I first played years ago.
 

Capt_W (Sean)
66 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
75.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2017
Could not find source code. 10/10
 

KneeHoneGoJoeZoo
43 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
12.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2020
Nostalgia deluxe!
 

[EXD] Hagemeister
126 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
23.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2016
I am really missing the random map generator for multiplayer games. Please help the loyal HMM3 fanbase out and implement it.
 

Harzfier
463 products in account
1
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2016
Missing both dlcs, overpriced, missing some cool stuff from the original. Heroes 3 on steam is a complete waste of money. Please do yourself a favour and don't buy this.
 

Potato11teen
134 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
This is Heroes of might and magic 3 (original w/o expansions).
It is exactly how it was when it came out.
I never got around to the expansions, until I bought the complete edition on Gog a few years ago.
This is how I always wanted to see HoMM 3.
The same game, just look nicer :)
 

Shinga Glema
1,575 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 26
Playing on random maps is my favorite part of HOMM3. I saw this on sale and thought it would be cool to try out a game that I haven't had in a long time. I fired this up expecting to play a few epic random maps and found out that there's no way to just create random maps. It's pretty disappointing.
 

Halekto
75 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
59.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2020
game looks beautiful, but it doesnt come with the expansion packs and it has some annoying bugs like the spellbook would open even if you already casted a spell on the round. honestly if its not on sale totally not worth it, as you could get the full game with expansions for a lower price. but if you wanna enjoy this game in FHD and full screen (not the HD mode) they did a really good job with it.
 

TBD
17 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 16, 2016
An impudent cash grab by Ubisoft. There's nothing HD about this game, only the fact it supports modern resolutions, and not limited to 800x600 as the original.

The addons are not included (it's Restoration of Erathia only) and multiplayer is dead.
 

Snus
846 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 0

Not Recommended
35.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
UPDATE: Okay, four years later I'm finally understanding what people are saying about this game, and they're right. This game is literally just Heroes 3 with HD graphics. The graphics look great, and they've spent a lot of time on it. However, it's just that. There's no random map generator, there's no Armageddon's Blade or The Shadow of Death, or any expansions nor any indication that they will ever be released. You're basically just buying the original game with better graphics. That's it.

If I were you, I would strongly suggest that you register on GOG and buy the complete edition of the game. It costs 33% less than on Steam ($9.99), and you get both of the expansion packs along with the random map generator and a bunch of extra maps. After that, I strongly suggest you download the HD mod and/or the unofficial expansion pack "Horn of the Abyss". It's completely free and it adds ALOT more content to the game, and still gets updates to this day. The HD mod doesn't just improve the graphics, but makes the game run natively in any resolution you'd like. It adds a bunch of options in the user interface and even adds online multiplayer! You get SO MUCH MORE stuff by buying the game on GOG (and it even goes on sale frequently).

So yeah, I don't recommend the HD edition anymore. The game is still INCREDIBLE and one of the best strategy games ever made, I've played it since 2002 and I can't get enough of it.
Get the game on GOG for cheaper and download the fanmade Horn Of The Abyss mod along with the HD mod. You won't regret it, trust me.

--------------
OLD REVIEW (2015):

This game is exactly what I expected, Heroes 3 with HD graphics. The graphics are stunning and really beautiful, you can tell that they've put down time into this.
The only thing I dont like is the online gameplay, I dont know if this is just me but the time taken between finishing turns is just ridiculous. After my friend or I have pressed the "done" button we have to wait around a minute or two for the other one to be able to continue. What's up with that?
Anyways, amazing game.

8.5/10.
 

Stewen "Titowam"
443 products in account
0
6 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
150.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2015
hatred is the emperor's greatest gift to humanity....
 

Bennings Dekker
290 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
75.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2018
Buy Heroes 3 complete from GoG then play Horn of the Abyss instead of this crap. Includes online multiplayer lobby as of this year as well.
 

Merliora
287 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 22, 2017
It is good old Heroes III ... except, it's buggy and does not run on old systems.
Personally, I recommend getting the original - old Heroes, with both addons (which are unavailable for this HD version). You can get those on GOG for similar price. As for HD ... you can install mod for the old version and you'll be able to view original game in high resolutions as well.
Now, what this actual title gives you? I am not really sure. Original graphics, while low-res, they still look good, because it is a 2D game. You won't see much difference between old SD and new HD. Just a bit (really, A BIT) more detailed textures, nothing more. If you've played Heroes III Gold - forget about Conflux and upgraded Necro. It is highly probable, that game will brake at some point (I don't remember this happening EVER with the original. nether the base game or later with addons). Campaign maps are broken (but not to the unplayable level, just some bugs) - there are places, that you can not access (well you can, but only if you are lucky and have the ability to fly over obstacles on the map). The reason is just bad placement of environment elements on the map. Also, there is a map with two border towers without keymaker tents - again, you can't access areas blocked by those towers without very much luck (or cheat).
If you are the fan of Heroes series and you can sleep without having all of it's releases - get it on sale (or maybe you can get it with the Heroes VII Deluxe? :)). If you just want to play one of the best (if not best) Heroes title - just get the original as you can get full game (i.e. with addons, which are really worth it) for similar price.
 

Soul Reaver
3,411 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
1.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 12
Buy the full game on GOG, this is missing content ie. the Conflux faction
 

Ridley de Rune
92 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
80.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2015
Awesome game brings back childhood memories in better quality :)!
 

Hyphenate
31 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
4.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2018
Heroes of Might and Magic III
Played this for years While toddler...


III=IV=V>VII>VI
 

Iಠ益ಠI
80 products in account
2
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
46.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 22, 2020
Best HOMM game. Perfectly balanced around Diplomacy.
 

dnlkiro
606 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
7.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2015
This is a watered down re-release. They just ignored all expansion packs and several features like random map creation are missing. Buy the HoMM 3 Complete Edition on gog.com instead, you get way more bang from your buck.
 

Draconis
479 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
10.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spiFjP2LXrU

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀♫ Lil Peep & Lil Tracy - Past The Castle Walls ♫⠀⠀⠀⠀
───────⚪───────────────────────────────────
⠀▐▐ ⠀►▏ ⠀⠀──○─ 🔊 ⠀₀:₃₃/₂:₅₀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ᴴᴰ⚙ ❐ ⊏⊐
 

M.
208 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
220.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2015
One of the greatest games that ever came out in 1999!!! It has been updated and modified and runs good on any computer. I absolutely love the gameplay and combat methods in the game, they are different compared to other styles of combat. It is pricey to get, but totally worth it. Small game with a good amount of maps to keep you entertained. Campaign is short but hard, and it even comes with steam achievements.
 

Pimpstyle9008
8,603 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
39.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 15, 2018
No multiplayer - yes with that version you can't play online. Than you Ubi for stealing my 15 bucks... :(
 

theGhost^1P^7L
24 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
26.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2015
DO NOT BUY, until they update it with the expansions or something. This is only the base game and has a lot of missing content. If you want this, head over to GOG for the complete edition.
 

Jakeology
74 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
53.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2020
Pure garbage, I can't even start a new game it just crashes. There is nothing online for a solution.
 

blumps
214 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2019
My favorite game from my childhood
 

Happy Lepsia
164 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
261.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2016
Worked fine on windows 8, upgraded to 10 and can't get it to start faater hitting the play button. A great game, too bad it hasn't gotten a patch in over a year.
 

thebigdirtie
112 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
5.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2016
It would be a lil'bit better if the moats would work
 

Slithix
3,440 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
132.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 22
good game
 

get_it_right
105 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2016
<3
 

CactusJZ
114 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2020
game constantly crashes on windows 10, the support from Steam is ZERO. supporst fomr Ubisoft is very limited.
 

cirhant
10 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 1, 2018
This game is just so damn good even when it's 20 years old and deserves a thumbs up with or without the expansions.
For those of you who havent played it, get it asap and enjoy a product with the best music in the history of games and strategic gameplay in a way you've never seen it before.
 

festive
67 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2020
Old school
 

dhenry56
37 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
113.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2020
Greatest game ever :)
 

dinnazd
17 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
59.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2019
The worlds ever greatest game does now work on my 1440p 32 inch screen and looks amazing.
 

Key יהוה <3
215 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 19, 2016
It brings back nostalgia from time long gone. It was and still is a very good game.

Edit: I have no issue running it on Windows 10.
 

amegilla
2,041 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
130.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2016
Easily one of the best games I've ever played. Still really engrossing and highly recommend every TBS gamer has this in their library. 10/10
 

aves
294 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2019
It's awesome. I absolutely love this game...
 

mononokeoke
25 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
8.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2018
Horrible version, missng most of the options that make H3 great. No map creator, no conflux, the visuals are a little different but not HD. Maybe a little more depth. Don't waste your money on this version.
 

jonatca
2 products in account
0
231 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
14.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Does not display properly in Surface pro 3, connect to a 1920x1080 monitor. Only display a portion of the screen :(
 

Zeus
240 products in account
2
1 person found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
322.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 13, 2020
i HAVE PURCHASED STEAM VERSION AND NOW REGRET IT AS i CAN'T GET EXPANSIONS. GAME IS GREAT AND STRONGLY RECOMMEND TO PLAY BUT GO TO GOG.COM YOU CAN GET EXPANSIONS THERE.
 

torn9
6 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
105.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2017
Sure the Graphics are enhanced, but thats about it. No expansions, no enhanced mechanics, no Conflux, no various neautral mobs, no map generator and no added maps for that matter.

I tried my best to give this old classic a chance on this platform, but alas I felt cheated. 15 dollars for a game I already had.
This is just an effortless release by ubisoft to get that cash. dont fall for it as there are other various HD mods out there that brings you not only the expansions with all its features, but also an upgraded UI.

They have also publically announced awhile ago that they will not add the expansions as there are no source codes or something. I dont know anything about that, but I believe that there is always a way to make things work, so I think thats just a bs excuse to half-ass this release and its (non existing) future content.
 

Lickmydash
100 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
36.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2015
Though the game came with Armageddon's Blade, you should get the complete addition at GOG.
 

Charley-Can
188 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
279.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2021
Fabulous nostalgic hit! Loved playing this as a kid with my sibs and now I get to enjoy playing it with my kids. <3
 

Snumlik
31 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
111.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2021
I prefer playing this old thing than the more modern games.
I also recently played old M&M 6,7 and 8, and X-com: UFO defense.
 

marekdus
17 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2021
This is a *classic* exploration/building/combat game, with excellent game play. Well worth trying
 

kraggroamer
45 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 9, 2016
Nothing beats the 3DO Gold edition of this game, but this puts a nice HD spin on the game. Note this doesn't include the expansions. Works on Windows 10. Great remaster of a classic.
 

Wimberlord
207 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
942.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 17, 2017
Way ahead of it's time and still a classic despite old graphics makes you remember that gameplay cam be awesome without a total focus on graphics-one of the best turn-based multiplayer games of all time!
 

i3ob83
11 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
169.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 1, 2015
I played this game when I was very young and I loved it. I would watch my dad and older brother play and watch them either dominate or get massacred. When I saw it on steam I had to have it, and it's just as good as I remember. It is an amazing game.
10/10
 

Milkman
125 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
359.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2021
This is an amazing game. I have been playing Heroes 3 since I was a kid, and I still enjoy it. The remastered version makes it look a little nicer, however it does not add the DLC with the maps and the Conflux, which was disappointing. Connecting with other players online is so much easier on steam than any other version I have tried. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to play online, however if you only play by yourself or hotseat, then it may be best to try GOG for the expansion.
 

stevenbigby
6 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
58.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2020
A classic turn based 4x that I've been playing for 20+ years now. Grab some friends and jump into a scenario, or build your own adventure with the map editor. HD textures and updated online capability makes this one a must have for any turn based strategy fans.
 

Facemeat
366 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
109.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2018
This takes me back to my childhood. I honestly did not even think that Heroes III would be on Steam, but when I found it (in HD) I was pleased.

I could spend weeks and months replaying a classic like this. My only gripe is that the expansions, my favorite being Armageddon's Blade, are not available (yet?).

I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a challenging strategy game (with multiple difficulty settings). The easiest setting can still test your wits, while the hardest can make you want to throw your computer off a building (don't do that).
 

Here I Go Killing Again
66 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
83.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2019
I loved the game when it was 1st released. Its nice to replay it on the modern monitors. When the DLC for HOMM 3 are redone I will buy them as well.
 

Mutare
105 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
221.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 7
Just pirate the complete edition.
This is not worth it.
 

Swet
160 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
85.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2019
There's nothing like nostalgia, to keep you going on a rainy day.
The sad thing is, the expansions isn't with the game. But hey.. it's still Heroes as it should be.
9 out of 10
 

kl4wnh
335 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
168.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2019
Worst than Complete Edition, but still playable
 

Razvan9928
24 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
12.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2021
The most half assed effort they could've done.
 

kat
82 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
59.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2016
are you people insane???? this game does mot start up 80% of the time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOOKS LIKE I PAID FOR CR*P.
 

seeminglygood
3 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 23
Really disappointed that it isn't the complete version. I was looking forward to one map in particular and some of the combined relics, and the base game doesn't have nearly as much.
 

Methenor
123 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
10.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
A rerelease of a great classic. Sadly the GOG version contains more content for cheaper. I read somewhere that they only got the RoE code from NWC, but GOG has the complete edition, so I'd have to guess there are legal issues as to why they didn't include AB or SoD. The game is definitely crisper, but given that the GOG version exists, the price is far too much for the content you get. I only recommend it if you're a scrub like me and need to own every Heroes product.
 

Sandro-Freed
299 products in account
2
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
8.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2021
3 great
2 average
1 bad


loot 3
crafting 1
exploration 2 and 1/2
combat 2
replayability 2 and 1/2
game mechanics 2
customization 2
story 2
visuals 2



fun? Yes.
hours of play: 20 plus hours.
bugs. none found.
mods. No.


Kind of a fantasy version of Civilization. Upgrade your city. Train, hire, and equip heroes. Give those heroes armies to wield and send them out to conquer. The map is large. The loot varied and abundant. The exploration is rewarding.

Is their a story? Sure, but nothing not found in a Saturday morning cartoon. The graphics are primitive but passable. There are various campaigns. Or just do an open scenario. This provides some replayability. Combat is turn based on a grid map. But what can be expected from a game made in the early days of computer gaming?



conclusion

for fans of basic Civilization or fantasy games. May not be for hardcore strategy gamers. The rest of us should enjoy it.
 

Vinnie Mack
619 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
10.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2018
If for some reason you want to get this game, it's included in Might & Magic Heroes VII Complete Edition. And this is probably the best way to acquire it, along with VII which is, despite troubled history, is an alright game.

HoMM III HD is good for... finishing campaign? I played a lot of HoMM 3 but never bothered to finish its story mode and I don't really know what else you could do here. As said billions of times, this version of the game only includes Restoration of Erathia, the original HoMM 3 release, and no expansions whatsoever. That is enough to enjoy the game, but not really enough to play it because after so many years you'd expect to play the complete edition or something. Plus, classic version gets a lot of fan support up to this day with a lot of additions and improvements.

So, as for the main selling point of the game, the complete remaster of graphics into high-res, it's very uneven. It looks nice in general and some of the reworks look great, unfortunately there're also many that look plain weird. The game provides you with the option to switch to classic graphics on the fly by pressing F2 and it sure helps to compare the old and the new. A good example of some questionable updates would be the town screen of the Castle, if you look at the Griffin Tower you can notice that one of the towers of the building looks off and the perspective is kinda messed up. That's one of the things that quickly comes to mind. You can also see those very dark black outlines on some monsters and some of the art choices for making certain creatures look more... clear also don't really click with me.

All in all, this a perfectly fine remaster of a piece of the game you'd expect to play. You can finish its campaign, maybe play some scenarios, probably even try to play it online. But is it really worth trading some graphical improvements for a whole chunk of content?
 

Chari
549 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2020
classic, childhood game for me.
 

Matzcore
161 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
18.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 8, 2015
Classic HoMM3 now in HD. I feel like teenager again! :)
 

7thGraal
101 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
162.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2019
I grew up with this game and I still love it.
 

ana bun
583 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
76.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2021
Its a fun, retro romp - go play it
 

Annesof
15 products in account
0
27 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2015
call me duped by their marketing team. I highly regret buying this game as others have stated go buy the old complete package from gog so you can get the "full" game. This is crap and not worth it
 

Auki
43 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
21.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2017
classics you know
 

Myrtáceae
819 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
447.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2016
The game is only a shell of what the original was. With no DLC, no random maps, its missing a lot that even the base game had. I suggest just buying the original instead, or wait for a sale.
 

Aperture
224 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
0.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2015
This is the most painfull rip off I've lived in my whole game purches history. I could never imagine someone make such abomination and not introduce a random map generator in HOMM3. Shame and disgrace, and too bad that brilliant people like 3DO had to sell their masterpiece to garbage companies like Ubisoft and butcher the whole gaming system. Don't buy this game, it was the most frustrating 15EUR given to a game in my life. Ubisoft in their laziness didn't even made a decent multiplayer lobby room. It doesn't even work, you have to call a computerguy to set your router for it. Shame on you Ubisoft for this rippoff.
 

ZaUan
43 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
29.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2017
Ever gone back to a game or TV show you loved as a kid and ruined the memory because of how pixelated and poor it looks by today's standards?

This game looks the way you remember it looking (but it really didn't look that great, the game design is what made it a classic).

I was HUGE fan of this game back in the day and playing this again was a treat. I recommend it to any fans.

A lot of nay sayers here. I don't think the expansions are really that big a deal - but the one thing they really did add was the random map generator - I really missed that here.
 

Dahoota
129 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 29, 2020
No DLC
No Mod support

Is this a reason not to buy it?;
Of course not, this game is great and I welcome it to the steam library

The Restoration of Erathia is back so the modern gaming community can have an experience like no other, the gameplay is still solid, but the animations are somewhat dated, other than that the game still holds strong and is a must-play

I do however do not recommend getting the GOG version over this as you'll need mods to get it feeling up to date and yes it has the "DLC'S" but if you want something easy without having to install mods and just want to download and play without fiddling with files (even tho its an easy process) Just get the steam version, once you're done with the steam version go and check out the GOG version and see what you missed.
 

THE ZILOCK
561 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
54.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2019
I like this game very much. It's fun to play with friends.
 

Jusshi
106 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
916.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 25
The game crashed here and there when it first came out and the HD version is no different.
I would love more content for this game that's really my only grip.
This game is perfect. This one really is worth picking back up.
 

Sureshots
14 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
393.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
Graphics are classic, still look nice on newer machines. No fancy 3D just drawn.

Gameplay and maps are still awesome. No game is the same.
 

nelis
82 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
69.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 2, 2017
My childhood.
 

aKolkaa
86 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
9.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 5, 2020
A classic right from the get-go, just one of the games I have played for hours on end and continue to do so.
 

Darkendone
1,251 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
512.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2019
it's still a pretty solid game, some of the remastered sprites look great but others not so much.
It would be worth picking up if it had the expansions but since it doesn't you're better off either getting the GOG (Good old games) copy that has the expansions or just pirating it
its worth playing, but anything you get with the remaster you get more of with the original release
 

Snax Rabbet
120 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 5, 2017
Heads up, the expansion is not included.

I really wish I knew this before I hit the 2hour mark, the game itself is a legend and is still good, but when
it lacks the dlc it just feels like something is missing.

And only due to this I will not recommend this game.

Get it somewhere the expansion is included.
 

SpaceSpace
520 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
38.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2015
I just want to point out minuses I see.
There are only Three so far

--
1. This is just one of the three games of heroes 3! Really, for 15$ they could have give you all three ( Erartia, Breath of the Death, and Armagedon)
2. They have lost autosave.
3. They multiplayer is 10 years old! nothing have been made to it to play thru steam all around the world!

Everything else is perfect!

 

AndDvor
626 products in account
1
9 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
First rule of preordering any game (everyone should know this by now) RESEARCH THE GAME BEFORE YOU PREORDER IT! Because I did my research I knew going into this that the expansions (seriously, DLC was not a thing in the 90s, they are called expansions folks) are NOT included in this release. This includes the bonus faction, minor rule changes (moats doing damage for example) as well as the random map generator.

All of that said, I got exactly what I paid for: an HD remake of the classic HoMM3. I'd like to eventually get the expansions for this version and will gladly pay for them if they are released as dlc anytime in the future. Till then I am perfectly happy reliving my memories of when I bought this game for my old Pentium 2 machine back in 99 when it came out. Yes, I do recommend this if you're looking for only the base game. If you want everything and the updated graphics aren't important to you then I'd recommend going to gog.com and getting their version that does include everything the original release had plus the expansions.
 

leshpar
179 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
27.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2016
I mean this game is just how I remembered however there is no new maps and it's without the expansion packs. When i bought this game i thought i could play heroes 3 maps from the workshops but i cant seem to find that anywhere.

5/10 Abit dissapointed.
 

__
57 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Great game
 

soulages20
413 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
194.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2016
<3
 

DeDorsz
289 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2018
Product refunded

WARNING: This game will ruin your childhood.
Shoutouts to ubisoft for ruining another game.
 

RedFCKinG
243 products in account
1
4 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
7.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2021
Muie Steaua
 

Vladiplmare
31 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
7.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 27, 2021
This is my Childhood game! very nostalgic ^_^ I love it so much <3
 

D4CE
88 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2017
A super fun nostalgia game to play for me, the campaign works well. I have not played multiplayer :(
 

Justin Case
480 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
37.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
Great fun. Needs to add the expansions, though.
 

Baritone
608 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
84.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
one of the best games ever. So simple yet so complex
 

KrAzy M0fo
71 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
9.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 11
Don't buy this version of the game, buy the original version instead. This version lacks two of the DLC's that came with the original version.
 

nonsense
58 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
333.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2016
Heroes for the first time I played 15 years ago with friends to a single computer we played a lot of hours, very good memories. Only disappointed there is no Armageddons blade. But anyway Heroes 3 is the best game of a series. Of course steam version is not worth full price.
 

MBX
149 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
sda
 

Snow
144 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
45.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 7, 2018
An old good classic game provided me a lot of good childhood memories when i spent my freetime with my friends.
Hopefully we'll see the Complete Edition on Steam in nearly future.
 

MiRo
76 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2018
Love this game.

Runs perfectly well with the Steam Linux Beta.
 

LESTAD ◥▶_◀◤
450 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2015
such a waste of money.
do not buy this
 

barre
48 products in account
0
5 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
16.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2016
no map generator, wasting my time and my money!
 

dareYou
10 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
128.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2015
Oh dear, finally! This is one of the Ageless-classics that you just dont want to miss out on. HOMM3 is by far the best game yet and better even than that its on Steam! (Not some stinking Uplay-crap)

+ HD, everything look better, not by far but still better.
Steam, oh yeah bring forth that Multiplayer!
1920-1080* awwww yes finally, take that 800-600*!
Optemized for new gen. (No more fearfull of crashing while playing that would occur from the original)

- Dose not come with the DLCs. (Dose not make a big difference since Conflux sucks and well okey kinda miss those blue dragons but i can live without them.

Well the only real con is that the Random Map generator is missing, hope they ad that in future patch.

Och yeah, one of the beardy male barbarians have a female avatar,,,,


Overall, would recommend 10/10 u wont find a better HOMM
 

Lazyking
392 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2017
while this game is great i will always miss the expansion, it can never be at its best at the moment
 

TBL Bananas
16 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
120.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2019
no random map generator, no Shadow of Death, not a complete version, not worth money spent on it :/
I miss HOMM3 - the REAL HOMM3 - this is a stripped version of it ://
Graphics are a lot nicer tho
 

hankajulka
30 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
37.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2018
Classic turn based game. Shame the hd edition doesn't contain any of the expansion packs.I'd still recommend it though.
 

ptrk
306 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
136.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2016
one of the best tbs games in hd! yes please, but without the expansions, it feels abit lackluster. still a game worth checking out!
 

The Honourable Tony Abbott MP
1,163 products in account
0
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2015
This game is just great, yea it sucks that they didnt add any of the dlc but if you got some friends to play with who are chill gamers then this is a great game to kick over a week or two.
 

yourself859
104 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
62.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 9, 2017
awesome tbs game love it
 

Kidney Puncher
17 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2019
kjjlkjkkj
 

.
0
1 person found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
664.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2018
[GER/ENG] Hello, this game is one of my lovest games i ever plaied. With this games i had very long days. If somebody read this, add me on Steam :D 01.9.2018, GL EDIT: you can still add me 31.08.2019
 

Karsten_DieDiscopumpe ®
17 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
154.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 8, 2016
Even though the gameplay is not as good as the complete version, the multiplayer works great.
 

Verosimil
105 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
2,413.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2020
complex strategy game - fun D&D action, problem solving & planning
 

34 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
213.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2019
yes
 

jackra1n
408 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
1.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2015
Despite having had the issue raised many months ago, a disturbingly large number of customers have posted the same complaint (complete lack of graphics), and it doesn't even appear to have been noticed by the Devs.

Now I've read the other reviews, I'd love a refund...
 

Foxy Nessa
651 products in account
1
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
114.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2016
All those that are mad about the extras missing, note they cant read because it clearly said what it was in game content, you lookin for the best,? this is it in hd, buy and have fun, dont listen to the idiots that cant read
 

Dabbz
115 products in account
0
72 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 3, 2015
Why don't just make heroes 3 compleat HD directly so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ greedy... the game is not the same with out the exps.
the hd is not that impressing. looking forward to buying 2 exp for 10€ greedy mf.
If I'm in the mood for some Heroes i will just play my old one the hd is not worth losing the feel of a perfect game.

5/10 for hd

10/10 game if you never played Heroes Might and Magic 3
 

Karlsson
219 products in account
1
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
125.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2016
Been playing this game since release. Instant classic, and still a classic.
 

Knighttrain
0
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 5
peak ludonarrative dissonance
 

MagnusCerebrum
239 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
63.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2016
oh i relived my youth loved this game still do. Now my daughters love this game and really enjoy playing it big time thumbs up
 

Fattyboomboom
26 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
17.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 23, 2018
Overpriced demo of graphic rework.
 

Corvus
702 products in account
0
3 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
22.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2016
this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome and worth it to buy just want to make DLC (or just expansion too )
 

†DrunkenKnightz†
326 products in account
0
1 person found this review helpful 0

Recommended
43.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2015
Glad to see a classic back in HD. Would love to see the random map generator and expansions added to this later.
 

Fishtrousers
71 products in account
0
4 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
39.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2015
Best game ever is back!
Even if Ubisoft didnt give expansions it's still Heroes 3 and its playable.
HD is visible and if you own old Heroes 3 Gold Edition you can open h3blade editor and generate maps for Restoration of Erathia. Sure it's longer way but it works. 10/10 best game ever, waiting for expansions.
 

Gimil
602 products in account
2
7 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
391.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2015
Push "F2" and you will see the difference.
It looks so fresh, yet very familiar.
Keep hating. Its absolutely fantastic!

Implementing this game in Steam is already enough for me to give it a plus.

My biggest concern is, that the music of cities, always startes from the beginning when entering them.
In the past this was not tha case.. Please fix that

Big thumbs up for Ubisoft! And thank you haters, for giving thumbs down so the great Heroes III falls in the same ranking category as Heroes VI.....
Obviously intelligence also lacks in people who may have a good taste in video games... whatever
 

Jozik '
48 products in account
0
31 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 29, 2015
Well, once visting this game AGAIN (like the rest of you) nostalgia says "yes!" but logic says "wellll..." Ubi has continued to stain might and magic name ever since they bought the rights, with creating a new universe even though they had the scripts for the next few games from NWC. This game however on release has some.. 'features' i rather do not enjoy.

first of all, once you upgrade a dwelling, you can't buy the 1st monsters. this is a large factor when you are low on gold, and cannot afford the upgaded version. "HD" is a way to put it.. maybe "differant" would be a better way to fraze it? some things look stretched or like they have new detail in them that wasnt there before, making them not the same item. now, on this next one, i am not 100% sure on, but i belive the view is smaller here than it was one HoMM complete. maybe that's just the 'HD mod' talking. this is simply RoE, not SoD or AB! buyer beware!

Let's look at the good things now
- has multiplayer on steam (even if it is much more limited).
- still has map editor! hooray for community!
- you can see how long you haven't been sleeping thanks to steam keeping track of those pesky hours...
- available on tablets for those long care rides when you're 3-hour PC battery life doesnt cut it.
- it's heroes! play the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game already!

I can only hope they release some sort or patching tools so modders unlike myself can add SoD and such to make the gamplay more rich. with all this information, i suggest buying the game, but not for $15 USD. $10 at most.
 

brewfest_
160 products in account
0
2 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
6.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2016
I was a huge fan of the old version (spending 1000+ hours on the game)

Upside.
Looks better than the old version.
Costomer service staff to respond to questions.
The title is on steam (better servers that I trust will stay open for all eternity).
No loading issues with a low ram requirement.
Good old Heroes gameplay (no change there).

Downside.
No built in Random Map Generator. (Can find tools online that solve this problem)
The DLC for the original was not released in this game for some reason (lazyness?)
 

lkski123
47 products in account
0
See More Content
Back to top
©
Privacy Policy
Legal
Cookies
Steam Subscriber Agreement
© Valve Corporation.