HOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
6,330 people found this review helpful
108 people found this review funny 1,692

Recommended
409.0 hrs on record
Posted: 22 June, 2021
I'm a 46 year old dad and I absolutely love playing this with my 13 year old son. Don't get caught up over losing loot to a raider or reaper, it's just part of the game. Let your kid set the quest, or decide to attack a fort, or a tornado and just have fun being pirates for an evening. I take the helm and keep us on course, he works the cannons and is an excellent shot.

An awesome game to bond over, and a great way to talk about how to not be a jerk online, how to deal with disappointment, how to work as a team when you make alliances, and how to be a gracious winner. He loves to help new players, will upend a planned evening to help some newbie finish a tall tale. Great game to play with your kids.
 

Shpydar
162 products in account
133
1,256 people found this review helpful
171 people found this review funny 79

Recommended
5,374.6 hrs on record
Posted: 23 July, 2020
1720s Wages, 2020 Prices.
 

Litto Swiss BeBot
1,789 products in account
18
1,311 people found this review helpful
701 people found this review funny 102

Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: 1 April
Product received for free

Very fun with friends but i don't have any
 

Yoshikage Kira
11 products in account
28
1,471 people found this review helpful
800 people found this review funny 120

Recommended
93.6 hrs on record
Posted: 26 May
I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT
 

ToastedFork7
52 products in account
15
1,645 people found this review helpful
1,295 people found this review funny 135

Recommended
53.8 hrs on record
Posted: 18 June, 2021
Don't know what went wrong during development, but this is not a game.

This is a time machine that warps you to 3am.
 

Samedeo
273 products in account
26
656 people found this review helpful
866 people found this review funny 102

Recommended
27.0 hrs on record
Posted: 1 March, 2021
My crewmate left a banana on the stove and our ship burned down.
 

StaunchWingman
299 products in account
0
682 people found this review helpful
746 people found this review funny 62

Recommended
37.1 hrs on record
Posted: 16 November, 2021
I learned french from people in this game.
They asked for a banana then killed me.
But now i can understand them, and not fall to this bait again.
 

TigerNet
651 products in account
10
521 people found this review helpful
242 people found this review funny 22

Recommended
96.3 hrs on record
Posted: 28 August, 2021
This game taught me two very valuable lessons in life: Don't trust anyone and have a plan to kill everything that moves.
 

Jvr
206 products in account
0
310 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 34

Recommended
385.1 hrs on record
Posted: 29 January, 2021
Edit 12/2 - It's been a while since I first wrote this, so adding an update section at the bottom.

--Original Review--
Sea of Thieves is the distilled essence of adventure. You start the game up, grab some supplies with your friends, load up your ship, and set sail to see what fate awaits you.

I offer this game an easy recommend under a couple of conditions. The first is that you like the chaos of unknown adventure, and the second is that you don't mind when it all goes pear shaped.

Sea of Thieves has you being a pirate on the ocean with other players, sailing from island to island, fighting skeletons, ghost ships, digging up treasure, solving riddles, delivering cargo, and fighting sea monsters. And you never quite know what's going to happen next on your adventure. There's plenty of things to chase, and you'll never be without a task for long if you care to pick one up from one of the vendors.

One important design choice that you should be aware of before jumping into this game is that every session is a fresh start. You spawn in with your ship and bare bone supplies, there's no progression between sessions aside from cosmetics you unlock. (Which is also the only thing you unlock, more on that below). While this can be a bit of a bummer, it's actually quite freeing. Every time you launch the game you're given a new ship, new supplies, and an ocean full of treasure to explore. Truly, you have nothing to lose. Until you find treasure, that is. Then you have something to lose. The game is simply fantastic at giving you a unique adventure every time you sail, solo or with friends. And it's shockingly easy to play solo if you desire, the smallest ship, the Sloop, is very solo player friendly if you wish to be an asocial pirate.

The only progression in this game is cosmetics. Anything else you get exists solely to get you, you guessed it, more cosmetics. This makes the cash shop a little weird. But hey, the upside is that nobody is going to beat you because they have a better sword, ship, or guns.

The game recently started a battle pass system with season one. The pass for season one is frankly a little underwhelming. I'm willing to give it a pass since the game is quite enjoyable without, but you're not missing out on anything exciting by not getting the pass.

--Update--
Since it's been a fair while and four full seasons since I first wrote this review, I felt it was time for an update. Overall, I still stand by the original review, with the same disclaimer that you have to be able to accept the wins and losses both in this game. It certainly can be frustrating at times but much like the ship, you have to let it roll off you like water. If you let the bad moments cling to you like barnacles, then you'll be just as scuttled as your ships.

Season Five just launched, and after a middling Season 2, Content Packed Seasons 3 and 4, Season 5 could be called the quality of life season. There's a decent chunk of new content (though nothing like the previous seasons, which is a reasonably high bar; 5 story missions in season 3, and roughly 8 or so new explorable lootable areas for season 4?)

The biggest quality of life change in S5 is being able to quickly and easily transfer resources from barrels and storage crates without having to open the interface. This along probably would have given me another 100 hours in the game, but they also decided to add a buried treasure system! Indeed, you can bury your treasure to create a treasure map. Then, you can put that map up on the quest board at any outpost! Other pirates can take this, and if they successfully sell your treasue...boom! You get rewarded too. How fantastic is that?

It's even better than that though. You can take up to five treasure pers per in game day from the board (this amount is pretty reasonable I feel, the days go quickly in the sea of thieves), and these other player maps will contain buried treasure of their own. Of course. Quality of treasure may vary, as it could be anything. Though there are commendations to encourage big, fruitful treasure maps. Really, it's a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.

The best part of the whole treasure map system though? They're saved on your quests table as an item called a Map Bundle. What's that mean? It means if you sink, you lose your maps and need to recover the bundle. Or that other people could steal your maps. Or you could steal their maps, I guess, if you're a jerk. While the idea that you can lose your treasure maps may feel a bit unfortunate, it's lovely design because it means they're transferable, you could gift the map bundle, or simply leave it at an outpost when you're done for someone else to find. It adds excitement in that the treasure you buried could be yoinked by a boarder and carried away. Or that you could recover your stolen bundle to regain your rightful treasure. It adds another layer of things for pirates to bicker and barter over, and it means that should things go bad for all involves, the treasue may be lost to all.

The game has been at it's best when it balances the thrill of gain with the risk of lose (even though the sting of loss can be quite painful, it's something we must learn to accept). Remember, the whole ocean is open to you, so long as you go in with the attitude that what happens, happens.
 

64bitrobot
1,019 products in account
0
663 people found this review helpful
374 people found this review funny 66

Recommended
46.2 hrs on record
Posted: 27 July
Don't know what went wrong during development, but this is not a game.

This is a time machine that warps you to 3am.
 

F4lcon
112 products in account
0
654 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 70

Recommended
691.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2021
Sea of thieves is fun for all ages. I'm 36 years old, my parents are in their 50s and my children are 10 and 12; we all play Sea of thieves. The graphics are gorgeous and the environment immerses you in to the pirate life. The game has story line aspects with its "Tall Tales" or you can get voyages to kill off Captain skeletons, battle skeleton and ghost ships, find lost merchandise in sunken ships or good old fashion treasure hunting. There are "world events" that rotate throughout the day this includes skeleton fleets, skeleton forts, fire tornadoes that spawn in "boss" enemies and the infamous "Flameheart" and his ghost fleet.

I find the game has a good balance of PvE and PvP, so you are able to attack player ships and vice versa. Plus, during your voyages surprise attacks from megladons, krakens and even a skeleton ship can attack. This game keeps you on your toes and wanting more. I highly recommend it!
 

seemorehearts
15 products in account
23
946 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 173

Recommended
2,316.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2020
Well after reaching Pirate Legend and Athena's fortune Champion titles,
I'm finally able to make a review of this game, I hope it will help you decide if this game is worth it! I'll probably update this review the further I play. For now I'll be talkin about the Adventure mode :)

Pros :
-Cool graphics and simulation of a pirate life.
-It's a game where you either get addicted or hate it in the first hours.
-Funnier with friends or randoms, but you'll learn so much faster in solo trust me.
-Satisfying sensation when you sink ennemies boats and grab their loot.
-Good game if you want to chill and kill time (but sometimes it can be stressful especially if you have a lot of loots and you're getting focused by a reaper or red flag emissaries).
-Active developer team (monthly updates, quick reactivity on problems in-game through their tweeter, so I would recommend to follow them there to not miss a thing and to always be aware of what's happening).

Cons:
-Intensive grind.
-Boring after a while.
-Lack of content eventhough it was way worse back when it came out in 2018.
-FPS optimization is a joke on islands (At full ultra I go from 120fps to 55 fps on big islands).
-PVP mechanic is old and boring (idk maybe they need to add some new guns or mechanics).
-Bugs after new updates are not even a surprise anymore.
-Servers issues is normal and the community is used to it (so an advice would be to never do an event the day it comes out because you probably won't receive your loot's coins, XP and achievements).
-Some events are only visible on their website and not in-game so sometimes you can miss them (Just stop it, we are lazy and hate to go through google to see our ♥♥♥ in-game event progression, just put it in game already ffs it's 2020).

Overall the game has a lot of problems but I still love the concept it does represent otherwise I wouldn't have reach one of the highest titles you can earn and I hope this game will continue to get the support it deserves. I haven't played such a great game in a while, so if you like intensive farming, bugs, coop and pvp but also the big map you're in the right place. We'll be waiting for you on the ocean :)

PS: If you're a veteran please help new players and don't bully them, that's what I do and I would have loved to be helped too when I started, so please do so they will always remember you, thanks fellow Legends.




Edit1: So after 3 months, the game is still awesome, probably one of the best open world in multiplayer that I've played in a while. Nothing better but to fish with friends during late nights.




Edit2: They finally added an Even tab in-game! Anyway I've been playing Arena, joined a competitive team and reached Legendary Sea Dog. So the Arena mode is way different from the actual game (adventure). It also have its pros and cons so here we go :

For the positive aspects :
- Helps you improve cannon shots
- Helps you improve your weapon accuracy
- TDM (Team deathmatch) is a lot of fun! It's like the endgame community event in the Arena
- You can make friends in this mode
- Since the last Arena patch, there's only one chest now and it's way better than before

Some negative aspects :
- Hitregs (When you hit players usually with weapons and you have the hitmarker but the server didn't register the damage, so sometimes you'll need to hit 3-4 time the player before he dies, and sometimes you may think they're cheater)
- Lobby waiting time : because the Arena mode is not the main mode, the playerbase is not that big here, so you might wait 10-30min in the worst case...
- Server region merge : Yeah well sometimes there's no server in EU (in my exemple) at certain hours and I usually get matched with NA players and I have an average of 200-250ms
- FPS optimization (Even on High-End PC you'll probably struggle to maintain a stable 144fps

Edit3:
They removed their own game mode called Arena. I don't know if it would now be an interesting game for pirate that love to pvp...
Quite a sad day for Sea of Thieves...
 

sqshq
134 products in account
15
1,822 people found this review helpful
1,722 people found this review funny 260

Recommended
284.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2020
i stole someones banana and got shot to death
 

The Skeleton Appears...
341 products in account
18
509 people found this review helpful
363 people found this review funny 34

Recommended
278.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 20
124 hours of gameplay and still confused on what do we do with the drunken sailor?
 

AnomPisan
90 products in account
15
721 people found this review helpful
132 people found this review funny 74

Recommended
26.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2020
Holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is nice.

I was skeptical at first.

I bought the game.

I joined, did the tutorial, found all the secrets from tutorial (there are plenty!!!).

First outpost I spawn, I take quests, search for loot, my boat gets raided, even if its empty.

I stay at the outpost for 30-40 minutes, My boat gets raided 3-4 times in the process.

After 40 minutes, I go to the boat, and inside, there are chests, treasures, and some random dude talking.

Apparently somebody saw I was getting owned and decided to "protect" me for my first gameplay. They gave me treasures, helped me do quests and all for the price of an Uber (get them to a location). They were AWESOME, FUNNY and HELPFUL as hell. Best pirate experience with them.

After I dropped them off there, I did several quests, I ran from other players as they were chasing me, I managed to DEFEAT another ship in a 1v2 situation, stole their loot, ran away, sold it, it was epic.

All this in 4 freaking hours!

Even if the quests are some kind of repetitive, the PvP element is awesome!.

I don't regret any money spent on it, too bad I don't have any friends playing this masterpiece.

Positive review, as I haven't had bugs or unpleasant gameplay.


PS: Great optimization also, 2080S + 4790K, 1440p, Mythical graphics (max), 100 fps. Amazing!


Part 2 (10 hr gameplay):

So I played again, 2nd gameplay, I finished first 3 Tales and it was a "good" gameplay.

This time I haven't seen a single friendly person. I've been attacked and raided about 6-7 times, sometimes by solo, sometimes by gang of 3-4. But I adapted quickly.

At first I went to cash in my voyages and treasures ( i had 3 chests with 9 skulls, 3 chests with 9 gold items, a crying chest and 2 regular treasure chests, all from farming/voyage). I went to an outpost, I did a 360 to make sure there's nobody there, then docked the sloop. When I went with the first chest of 3 skulls, there was a dude hiding in a bush next to the Bones tent, he jumped out, gave me a heart attack, then took a shot at me. He missed the shot, I dropped the chest and I went full ape on him, killing him. Then I ran to drop all my treasures, cause since he didn't have a boat, meant his team mates are circling around. On that run I felt like mom's spaghetti, palms were much sweatyyy...

Amazingly, I managed to cash in ALL my treasures, and THEN, the bad guys were aready at my ship. I saw them trying to ram it in the rocks. I throw 2-3 blast bombs and they drop in water, then I shoot them down with the pistol. Managed to get back in my ship, repair it , and went full speed into their big ship, while they were respawning. I didn't stay to repair mine, I just shot their ship down, then ran away.

Then I got killed and ship sank about 4 times, twice from crew of 4 , once from a duo on a sloop, they put a barrel on my ship and sank it down, while I was doing a quest ... and once from the freaking kraken, right AFTER I FINISHED A TALE... Lost a lot of treasures including the Tale treasure, but....

While trying not to ragequit, I saw a crew of 4 again, probably same guys, they were fighting a skeleton ship. I got close and managed to spot 2 of the 4 guys, confirming it was the crew that gangbanged me (i think ^_^ ) . I went to them, flanked them and placed them between me and the skull ship. Shot them 3-4 times, then with a singing/dancing cannonball and a fire cannonball, and their ship started to sink and burn. I saw them jumping in the water. I went there to see if they "need" help and just finished the job, shooting them in the water. Then I took ALL their treasures, which compensated a lot over my loss, and went to a safe outpost.

That feeling was the best. Yes, I lost some battles, but also won a few. First gameplay, 4 hours, 2nd gameplay, 10 hours straight. The PVP element is priceless in this game, otherwise it would've become boring.

And I just found out about sunken ships, mermaids skeleton lords and kraken :))

New challenges ahead !!!

Edit 3: 18-June-2020

I think I had enough of this game. While there are 3-4 random people/ships that are friendly, most of the players I've encountered in the last days are simply apes.

I see medium ship with 3 people, I run fast at outpost and manage to sell every treasure, sail away, they chase me for 10 minutes, until I stopped to see what they want. They simply killed me on sight.

I see sloop with 2 people chasing me, my ship is empty, I tell them ship is empty, and that I'm going on a Tale, they simply sank my ship.

Finally, I have +10 skulls, 9 gems, 10 treasure chests. I see galeon with 4 people, I avoid it, I run to outpost and manage to sell everything.
Then I go on a tale, they simply start chasing me. I tell them I am solo, ship is empty, they start firing at me. I do a handbrake 180'Turn, run against the wind, somehow they catch me sideways (AGAINST THE WIND, they say sloop is fastest against wind). They hit me with hook, take me away from my ship, in the middle of the ocean. I respawn, they are in my ship, burning it down.
All 4 of them were like "SORRY MAN, WE THOUGHT YOU HAD LOOT, SORRY WE SANK YOUR SHIP, SORRY WE KILLED YOU 3 TIMES".
4v1, 2 of them were LEGENDS, I am a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bamby learning the game, two of them have +500 hours in game.

This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathetic. Instead of going to fight the 3-crew ship, they chose to chase a 1-crew Sloop with no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot.

In the last 2 days I haven't seen a single friendly dude. Everybody tried to shoot/sink my ship.

At some point, I get to think this game is filled with low ego real life underachievers... for ganging up a ♥♥♥♥♥ solo.

I tend to Change my review to No, since there's no fun in getting chased every 5 minutes by crew of 3-4 people that have nothing better to do than bullying a solo player with empty ship.

PS: Even with apes chasing me on the sea, in solo mode, I managed to make almost 80K Gold in one gameplay and only lost 1 treasure chest to apes.

Edit 4: I've played a bit before my holiday and for some reason, it was surprisingly amazing. I joined as usual, as a solo Scoop, but I forgot to set it to Private. After about 5 minutes, I get a random crew member who scared the living thing out of me... lel... He was a legend, he was very funny and helpful. For some reason, he didn't mind playing with me and helping me do tales and treasure hunting. I believe I wanted to play for half an hour, and ended up playing a 8-hour session with him, talking about the game and telling jokes and chilling at some "grog".

We've had also some fair PvP, 2v2 and 2v3, which sometimes went good ,sometimes went to ♥♥♥♥ when we fell of the ship and they stole our ship and sank it into a cliff.

I haven't tried the new update yet, but I can surely say, you cannot play "just a half hour session"... 4 sessions ... 30 hours... that says it all.
 

KenoKereStyle
355 products in account
53
486 people found this review helpful
196 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
41.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 11
took me 3 hours to get lots of loot with my mate and then it got taken by a kraken and a skeleton ship
. would recommend
 

lukeflashogden
11 products in account
1
1,521 people found this review helpful
687 people found this review funny 272

Recommended
202.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2021
helps me forget about her
 

brun0
114 products in account
48
946 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 151

Recommended
1,110.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
By the time I write this review I have 740 hours in this game. I've done pretty much everything you can do around here and max level'd all the companies.

-Graphics are stunning for the most part, especially the sea. Characters do look goofy but thats not a bad thing.

-Pve is fun at first 100-200 hours or so but gets repetitive after a while.

-Gold system is just stupid. I've bought everything in the game and still have millions of gold and thousands of dubloons just sitting there with nothing to spend them on. They need to balance it more. either add more stuff to buy, make it more expensive or decrease the loot you gain.

-To basically summarize the pve, there are 7 emmissary companies in this game. They will give you quests and bonuses on the items you sell if you're sailing with their emmisary flag.

EMMISARIES

Gold Hoarders.
They give you treasure hunt quests where you gotta dig up stuff from random islands. That's all they used to do until they introduced the vaults in a recent update. Vaults are a lot more fun. You gotta put together the map for a key then go to a specific island where the key will unlock a cave. You will see a lot of gold and chests laying around in there but those are just a distraction. Your main goal will be to get the Chest of Tributes by collecting madallions and entering the correct sequence to open sesame as it were.
They only give you bonus for treasure chests and small collectibles like chalices and ornate cups and whatnot.

Merchants.
Most boring emmisary of all. Just delivering cargos from one place to another. They give you bonus for selling cargo items like sugar, tea etc.

Order of Souls.
Basically a skeleton killing faction. They give you bounties to kill some skeleton captains and they will give you a bonus for selling them their skull. There's also ghost fleets which are much more fun and giving bigger rewards.
They only give you bonus for selling skulls.

Reapers.
The ''pvp'' faction of adventure mode. I just call them garbage collectors of this game because they will give you bonus for literally everything. Anything you got you thought was worthless, they will buy it. They buy everything. They dont give you any quests. There are a couple items that you can only sell to them. Reapers Chest and Reapers Bounty but beware these chests are cursed and their positions are revealed on the map. So other players may see you. If you're flying reaper emissary flag they will see you. BUT, if you reach level 5 emmisary you will be able to see other emmisaries on the map to hunt them down. You get really good money for selling broken emmisary flags of those people you sank.

The reason I said ''pvp'' faction is because a lot of reaper players are known to just run soon as they see you. Yes. It's supposed mean ''hey guys, you can see us on the map, we're up for some pvp, come get us'' but they raise it to get more money from the items they sell and just keep doing pve.

Don't raise reaper if you're gonna run from the first ship you see. If you get sunk, they will be toxic to you naturally and you will deserve it because you made them waste an hour chasing you down.

Hunters.
Fishermen. You can fish in this game and sell your fish to these guys at any seapost. Best way to level up on hunters is to save your gems to sell it to them only(you can sell gems to everyone pretty much). It's a lot more xp and gold than fishin.

Athena.
The emmisary you unlock by reaching pirate legend. Pretty boring voyages and overrated rewards. I was disappointed. It was supposed to be some big endgame company where it'd be fun stuff but its meh.

Sea dogs.
Arena company. Arena is a seperate gamemode than adventure where its ONLY pvp. Just constant action for 15 minutes straight. Huge fun. I love their cosmetics too. Really the coolest and most posh stuff ever lol

WORLD EVENTS

These are where you enjoy some of the best of pve this game can offer. Rewards are pretty huge compared to regular emmisary voyages.

Flameheart
Giant Bearded Face in the sky screaming at you all the time. Everyone hates him. You fight his ghost fleet. Reward is plenty and you also get a lot of supplies.

Ashen Winds.
Boss on an island. Decent rewards, you also get a unique cool flamethrower skull that you can sell for 10k. Not bad.

Skeleton Fleet.
Probably the most challanging pve i'd say. Especially if you're in a small ship. But the loot haul is pretty big. Fastest way to level up your emmisary flag because of the high quantity of items you'll get.

Active Forts.
Skeleton waves and then a boss. You get decent loot.

Fort of the Damned.
Biggest loot haul you can get from this game. But beware, people will try to steal it from you. This is the number 1 event every server hopper can dream of. It's the main attraction for pvp. Really the most fun thing to do/steal in adventure mode.

-------------------------

PVP.

Now for the best part of this game, PVP. It gives you a pleasure that other pvp games can't. It's just a really unique experience battling it out as pirates. I don't even do any pve anymore it's all about pvp.

I'll see if I can summarize the key parts of it, but oh boy it's beautifully complicated.

-There's the naval part where you have to out-manuever your enemy. You have to stay out of their broadside while try to get them in your broadside while they're doing the same thing. It's not just a spinning battle where both ships constantly fire at eachother like in the Caribbean movies. There's unique moves you can pull off with harpoon turning, anchor turning, adjusting sails to surprise your enemy. Having a good captain will make all the difference between winning or losing a battle.

-Cannons. Different types of cannonballs for different purposes, regular cannons to put some holes in, cursed balls with million different (and very useful) purposes, firebombs to put their ship ablaze, blunderbombs to damage players knock them back from repairing. and in my opinion the best type is the chainshots to knock their mast down. Because soon as you're unable to move, you're done. You will just be sitting ducks for the volley of cannonfire soon to follow. Having a good gunner who hits their shots in good sequence will make all the difference between winning and losing the battle.

-Repairing. Every crew needs a good bilge rat who makes sure that the ship is in top shape. You can't just ignore the holes in your ship to do anything else like boarding or shooting. Not sinking yourself is the priority. Worry about sinking your enemy later. A good bilge rat in your crew will make all the difference between winning and losing the battle.

-Boarding. Without a doubt the most fun thing to do in this game. Boarding other people and killing them. 1 boarder who can put the enemy's anchor down and keep them busy just for a little while is usually good enough to win a battle. You dont even have to really kill them usually. Because as they are busy with the boarder, the other crew member will continue putting the pressure with cannonfire and putting more holes. They won't be able to really focus on repair while they have an active boarder.

On the othere hand, as fun as it is, too much boarding can be the downfall of a bad crew. Disorganized, if you send too many boarders and they either miss the target or die without doing significant damage, you will be severely undermanned in your own ship to survive the enemy's cannonfire or boarders. I've seen people just all abandoning their ship with holes in it to board ours, we just kill them and theres nobody left to repair them. Come on people. Take care of your ship. Your ship must come first.

TL:DR

There's so much more to it than I can fit in this review. Really a rich game with a vast world. It's well worth buying at full price. A must buy if you're really into pirate's life. One thing I must say though, you gotta play it with friends. x10 more fun. Solo sailing can be painful and usually gets boring really fast.
 

Moondog
690 products in account
16
1,164 people found this review helpful
1,361 people found this review funny 239

Recommended
413.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2020
I asked a enemy ship for a banana and they gave me one.
 

PinkBeard
137 products in account
7
320 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 43

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2020
To quote a friend:
"This game is only as fun as the people you play with."
 

A Raccoon but Ray drew it
241 products in account
0
267 people found this review helpful
140 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
91.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2021
Didn't understand the point of this game when I first started. Now I am nearly 100 hours in, I still don't understand the main objective of this game but you get to sail a ship and fire cannons at other people.
 

BiaThemis
196 products in account
4
568 people found this review helpful
93 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
175.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2020
Sunset sailing while playing Bosun Bill with all 4 instruments is on another level man, I'm telling you
 

Mannox
638 products in account
10
655 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 137

Recommended
2,011.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2021
When I hit 10 hours of gameplay, I said I would write a review. Then it was 100 hours. 250. 500. Finally, I told myself if I could play 1,000 hours of Sea of Thieves by my anniversary in the game (Nov 25th, 2020), I would write the review. Here I am delivering that promise early. So, do I recommend Sea of Thieves? Yes. 100%. Absolutely. Sea of Thieves is not only my favorite game that I am playing now but has quickly become my favorite game I have ever played. Amongst my crew, there has been a joke that Sea of Thieves is not a game, but more a lifestyle. If you fall in love with this game like me, you will fully understand what this means. But is Sea of Thieves right for you?

I. What is Sea of Thieves?
Sea of Thieves is an adventure sandbox game where you craft your own adventure -- where no two play sessions are ever the same. One day you could be running Gold Hoarders, doing X marks the spot maps, hopping island to island in search of glittering gold. Suddenly while sailing to Crooks Hollow, the water turns black. The Kraken. The next day you could be running Reaper chasing another Reaper into the Shores of Gold for an hour and a half for what turns out to be a f*****g ancient goblet. The adventure and story to be told is yours and always unexpected.

The nature of Sea of Thieves is PvPvE. This means that you will have emergent threats like Skeleton Ships, Megalodons, or the fearsome Kraken. There are world events like forts where you fight through waves of skeletons to claim a vault of treasure, Ashen Winds where you fight a fiery boss, and skeleton fleets that have you putting your naval skills to the test; however, there is always looming the possibility that other player pirates might have their eyes on that same treasure. It cannot be avoided, you will run into other players in Sea of Thieves. (PvE servers will never happen.)

Player interactions can be the most amazing moments, or events that cause you to break your keyboard. I have met great friends, amazing communities, and some of the most salty, homophobic, and racist individuals to walk the planet. I don’t want this to scare anyone though because the number of good encounters far outweighs the bad ones. If you do have a really toxic encounter, I highly encourage clipping the events and sending a player report into Rare (their support system is one of a kind).

II. Is Sea of Thieves Right for You?
Do you want to be a pirate? Do you love adventure? Do you have friends to play with? Then this game is absolutely for you. While it is not required to have other players to play the game, it is much more enjoyable with company. My crews and I have had such incredible and epic adventures that we will reminisce on them months after they have happened. With friends, you will write your stories of gold and glory. On the other side, I am also a player that enjoys the solitude of the seas and will solo sloop. This play style hardens you to the game and will make you a much better pirate. Beware though, you will sink. A lot.

“Sink or be Sunk”. Remember these words when playing this game. You will sink other ships, but you will also sink. No one is immune. Sea of Thieves can be a rough game, but if you get good at the game, it is one of the most satisfying feelings possible. Everyone starts somewhere, and you as a new player will probably end up sunk a lot while you learn to ‘get good’. Do not lose faith you sweat lord in training you.

If you are the type of player that enjoys griefing and/or using hate speech, then please move on. As mentioned before, Rare does not mess around with player reports. I have had two really horrendous encounters and on both occasions the crews were suspended fast (the last one taking all of 3 hours from submit of report to email saying they were suspended). I will find you, and clip you, and report you, and then hunt you down until you leave the server. That is a promise.

III. What Does Sea of Thieves Do Well?
Graphics:
The graphics in Sea of Thieves are just stunning. It is the most beautiful game, nay art, I have ever seen. I dare say the in game water looks more beautiful than real water. There are times that my crew is slightly intoxicated and just staring into the sea as the sun sets below the horizon. I have never taken so many screenshots and clips than I have in Sea of Thieves. Your pirate might look a little weird, but you will grow such an attachment to your pirate that it becomes a bond. I love my strangely long torsoed old man pirate very much.

The World:
In the game you will visit different regions of the Sea of Thieves that all have their own look and personality. You may go to The Wilds which looks gloomy and eerie with the worst storms in the game, or the Devil’s Roar with its active volcanoes that rain ash and molten stone onto unlucky ships. You may also go and take a break in the tropical paradise of The Shores of Plenty. Alongside the main map are areas you can only get to by doing the “story mode” Tall Tales. The world of Sea of Thieves is rich and alive, with water that thrashes your ship around and shifting winds that require you to maintain your mast position to travel faster.

IV. What Does Sea of Thieves Do Wrong?
Hit reg:
"In areas of intense action, players may find themselves firing shots or landing strikes that do not cause damage to their targets. While small improvements continue to be delivered during our regular updates, we are continuing to investigate and identify further improvements to improve the player combat experience.” Expect to see this forever.

Bugs/Glitches:
With any game there are things that need to be ironed out, and Sea of Thieves is not spared from that. I have been rocket launched off a capstan, had a meg flip my ship six tiles North on death, been stuck in emotes to crewmates (this one is actually really amazing). You will rage and cry with laughter at some of the bugs in this game. Beware to Steam players though, every other update seems to cause a tab out delay bug where if you tab out/in, there is a 3 second delay each way.

V. Conclusion/ TLDR
Sea of Thieves is the adventure that you make of it. You will sink, and you will learn from the times you get sunk. Never give up, because there is no other game like Sea of Thieves. It truly is the best game ever made. As the Great Pirate Lord Ramsey says, “It’s not about the Gold. It’s about the Glory.” May the wind be in all your sails.
10/10 Must Buy.

– DaFoool

What was Hour 1,000 Day like?
I thought it important to describe what Hour 1,000 Day on the Sea of Thieves brought me. My crew mate and I sank, and got sunk. We encountered toxic players, and angels. We tried to lure out some spice by doing a Fort of Fortune. Upon finding a tucker in a barrel on top of a water tower, we performed an incredible kill by feigning ignorance while “searching” the tower as my partner got a sniper shot ready for the blunder bomb that I delivered after (he was a great sport about it all.) He came back once and after a great fight, we sank him. At the end of the night, after depositing our karma crates on the pier of Golden Sands, we noticed a brig coming to sell from an Ashen Winds event. We scuttled our ship and hid. They turned out to be the most incredible kids who loved the game (one of their “big bwudas” introduced him. Awe!) We emoted, the kid gave an amazing toast in the tavern, and we let them shoot us out of the cannons while we logged midair. I can’t express how amazing and truly wonderful this game really is. Be a good person, treat others with kindness, and remember, on the other side of the pirate is a person. Cheers!

 

DaFoool
97 products in account
15
296 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 34

Recommended
2,011.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2021
THE TL;DR SUMMARY
I would love to recommend this game without hesitation; it is unquestionably awe-inspiring, artistically beautiful, superbly unique, and delivers (what can be) an incredibly immersive and memorable experience if you’re willing to build a deep understanding of its mechanics...

HOWEVER, you MUST keep this key point in mind if you’re considering playing this game:
THIS IS A PVP GAME. Your enjoyment is based *entirely* on whether your style of play harmonizes with the other players who share the sea.
That in this mind, here’s my summary for each audience:
IF YOU DON’T HAVE FRIENDS WILLING TO LEARN, SUFFER, OR GUIDE YOU THROUGH THE SEA OF THIEVES GAUNTLET, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. You’ll have to endure A LOT of trivialized efforts, crushed dreams, verbal abuse, and game mechanics that are wholly unsympathetic of your time to reach the enjoyable parts of the experience.

IF YOU’RE LOOKING FOR A GOOD, STORY-BASED EXPLORATION GAME FOR YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS, PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK. That good, story-based exploration game is *definitely* in there, but can get lost in the salt.

IF YOU’RE LOOKING FOR A COMPETITIVE ONLINE FIRST-PERSON PIRACY GAME WITH BRILLIANT NAVAL COMBAT AND COSMETIC-BASED PROGRESSION, *ABSOLUTELY* PLAY THIS GAME! It will be worth your time to learn, master, and conquer the high seas!
Okay; onward to the in-depth review points!

[➕] THE POSITIVES
+ SAILING MECHANICS. The cornerstone of any sailing game should be the boat mechanics, and Sea of Thieves delivers. It does a masterful job of blending the complexity of sail and wind management, ship-to-ship cannon-play, and a variety of sailing mechanics to create a BRILLIANT and ENGAGING seafaring experience!

+ THE WATER. THE WAVES AND WATER IN THIS GAME: U.N.B.E.L.I.E.V.A.B.L.E! 🌊🌊🌊

+ The ART. In fact, the *ENTIRE* art style of the game is undisputedly STUNNING! From the golden shores to the volcanic frontiers, the game is built on National Geographic-quality landscapes!

+ BETTER WITH FRIENDS. This can’t be understated enough: the seas can be a ROUGH place—both when it comes to gameplay AND the people you meet along the way. Bring a crew so you don’t have to face it alone! 💯

+ HORIZONTAL PROGRESSION. The game has no vertical progression; there’s no “leveling up” to become a better pirate with better equipment or gain any mechanical advantage over your opponents. The playing field is level every time you roll a new ship—apart from your personal knowledge and mastery of the game mechanics!

+ The OPEN WORLD and the “INFINITE QUEST LOOP.” While the world is your oyster to explore the moment you leave the dock, there’s also an incredibly brilliant “quest loop” that emerges as you discover expeditions and unlock special emissary quests as you gain their favor. The game rewards you with better and quicker rewards the longer you play—making it incredibly easy to lose yourself for HOURS on end!

+ The STORY VOYAGES (aka “TALL TALES”). Much of the game’s lore is presented in story voyages known as Tall Tales. These concise, open world stories are a *fantastic* way to explore the world and learn about the magic that drives the Sea of Thieves. (There’s even checkpoints to save your progress in case you’re ganked by some salty pirate!)

+ HUMOR! As is typical in most Rare games, there’s a glorious, tongue-in-cheek humor woven throughout the gameplay and narrative experience. The world doesn’t take itself too seriously, which helps you get lost in the joy of the game!

+ The LIVESTREAM COMMUNITY. Where the game falls short of teaching the game and community norms, the streaming community is a BRILLIANT resource to fill in those gaps. Take the time to tune in and find a few favorite streamers:
Sea of Thieves on Twitch[www.twitch.tv]

[〰] THE..."TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT"
~ QUESTS (aka “VOYAGES”). Voyages are quests offered by the trading companies that help you grow your wealth. Each company only offers two or three *unique* voyages, and while there is some randomness inherent to each voyage, they will begin to feel repetitive after (admittedly) several hundred hours of adventuring.

~ HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT. On one hand: the mechanics are relatively straightforward, simple to pick up, and offer room to master a multitude of tricks that’ll give you the upper-hand in a fight.

On the other: long animations, hit-reg issues, and a lack of “weight” to your hits can make it feel like you’re dueling with wet pool noodles.

~ ⚠ SAFETY PROTOCOLS: DISENGAGED ⚠ The moment you set sail, you’ll be with the greenest of green sailors and the hardest, saltiest, most cutthroat pirates on the waves. Though skeleton ships will help you practice and prepare for the PvP encounters you’ll inevitably face, there’s no real, “safe” space to hone your skills as you play—a daunting hurdle to overcome early in the game experience.

~ The PLAYERS …are truly a mixed bag. Some days you’ll make meaningful connections with pirates who are humble in victory, merciful through teaching, or powerful allies on the seas. Other days, you’ll encounter the most toxic, unfeeling players whose singular goal is to break your spirit. All you can do is be prepared for both…

~ FISHING. While fish are both a source of nourishment and highly-desired by the fishing guild, the fishing mechanics themselves aren’t that interesting, and sadly feel like more of a time sync than an enjoyable minigame with meaningful rewards.

~ The LACK OF SEA LIFE. While not game-breaking in any way, the variety of ocean life is sadly lacking in an otherwise STUNNING game... 😞

[➖] THE NOT-SO-GREAT
- The game DOES NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR TIME. My biggest complaint with Sea of Thieves is the fact that *every* mechanic is built to waste your time. Whether seeking out tiny dig spots on massive islands, fighting waves of skeletons for hours, or fighting a fish for no less than several minutes, the game is NOT friendly if you’re looking to jump in for any less than two hours at a time.

- The game does very little TEACHING. While the Maiden Voyage is a good place to learn the basic mechanics of the game, it doesn’t go into great depth and fails to cover several critical mechanics to the experience: including wind angles, bailing and repairing in combat situations, cannon mechanics, etc.

- POWER TO THE PVP’ERS ⚔ Each content update seems to strengthen the position of PvP’ers in the game. Whether empowering the PvP faction—the Reapers—or creating deeper time-syncs that put PvE players at a disadvantage, it’s a trend that makes it more and more difficult to enjoy the PvE aspects of the game without confronting the PvP world.

- The game relies on XBOX LIVE. While this unifies all of the different platforms under a single account, the XBL service is clunky when it comes to making, inviting, or communicating with friends.

- The PIRATE CODE is more what you'd call “guidelines” than actual rules… The code is a reminder of what the game proposes in a community and where it consistently falls short of nurturing that environment.

- CHARACTER CREATION. While character creation guarantees a…”gruff” selection of pirates, it can be frustratingly limited if you’re particular about the look of your character..

[🤔] THE FINAL WORD…
Sea of Thieves is a truly fantastic game held back by its indifference to the player experience and an insufferable community…and while some days will create some of your most memorable experiences in gaming, others will make you regret every hour you’ve invested to get there.

⭐ OVERALL: 8.5/10
 

Evangelos
538 products in account
21
230 people found this review helpful
163 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
56.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 17
my friend and i harpooned a megalodon and the entire ship flipped. 10/10
 

Supernova
174 products in account
0
280 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
578.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2020
Ah man, where to begin!

The art design:
Playful, whimsical, charming. Paired with the fantastic water effects and the day/night cycle, the world feels uplifting from minute 1. You can practically smell the crisp, salty air...


The learning curve:
Reasonable. You can master the basics within the first hour, and then spend the next 100 hours living your best piratey life.


The play style:
Interestingly enough, you don't level up your weapons, skills, or ship's abilities. The changes are purely cosmetic... and I love it. While I've enjoyed games that require you to level up your gear or unlock moves, this style feels much more comfortable. YOU get to decide if you want to invest time in a quest chain that unlocks a new item (a cool ship's livery, a flashy new hat), but you aren't penalized for being a newcomer. Yes, the fancy canons look nice, but they are just as powerful as the default canons.

You build your reputation with different factions (aka Companies), which leads to unlocking better paying gigs (aka Voyages) and cool-looking items. This works to the benefit of everyone in your crew: A sailor who has a higher rank with a specific Company than their crewmates will be able to pick up a better-paying Voyage, and then everyone in their crew can participate. I love this-- if you happen to outrank your friends/crewmates, you can offer to buy that Voyage. Some aspects of play require everyone to be on the same page (ie, Tall Tales), but that's ok. Means you can have a positive experience doing one-off Voyages some times, and other times hunker down and work toward longer gameplay arcs.


My experience so far:
I played the beta, but only recently bought the game. Even though I missed a massive gap of updates, I don't feel left behind. I love going on adventures with my friends, or winding down the evening with some solo-slooping. I live in a different timezone than my crew, which has meant I have time earlier in my evenings to invest in the pre-adventure prepwork (gathering supplies for the ship, fishing and cooking said fish so we'll have extra stamina). It's fun, and is surprisingly soothing.

PVP has been interesting. When I solo, I try to avoid conflict. When I'm with my crew, we meet it head-on! Both dynamics are enjoyable: Being stealthy, hiding behind mountains, darting around the map, versus gearing up and letting the cannons fly...! So good.


Why I especially like this game (and why you might like it too):
I'm a fan of all things nautical, and I come from a WoW background. For me, this feels like the best parts of WoW: You can tackle massive monsters with your friends, you can choose to grind for random achievements, and you can spend as much time as you want getting sidetracked by treasure and exploration. Plus, the outfits/livery options...! Since the outfits and ship details are purely cosmetic, you can mix and match to your heart's content.

I imagine you would NOT like this game if:
-- You only have 10 minutes of spare time to play games.
-- You hate everything to do with water.

I imagine you would like this game if:
-- You have always wanted to be a pirate.
-- You have at least one person to adventure with some of the time.
-- You like to blow things up.
-- You like to sneak away from danger.
-- When playing other games, you find yourself getting lost and spending hours NOT doing the mission objectives, but have a better time for it.


TL; DR: I highly recommend this game, for the buccaneer in all of us.
 

Skyros
22 products in account
1
746 people found this review helpful
137 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
60.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2020
Well, I was about to say that this game is totally undeserving the hype and is a bad game, but, it has these "burps of greatness" which changes everything.

Let me explain, it is really atmospheric and open to imagination rather than grind.

First night i was playing SoT, we were four friends and two were actual seamen. It was understandably epic to act like pirate crew while using all the lingo of actual sailors, trying to get into battle. However, it was the second night i played the game which actually hooked me.

Me and two others had this mid-tier ship and i decided that we should be pirate hunters instead of pirates. Since everybody is complaining about PVP in forums and wanting PVE, i thought "hey, i guess we can make friends" and it would be great to experience the other side for a change.

We've traveled around for a while with random quests and found this riddle message in a bottle, eventually leading to this avian themed island with bird like statues. It took us so long to get the riddle right, one of our crew members passed out from drinking in real life, so we put his character in brig (holding cell in our ship). After we solved the riddle as the remaining crew members, we've decided to get the goodies to an island with merchants and on our way we had an encounter which went friendly after announcing ourselves as such. We were now sure that we can sail friendly and only engage if necessary or to hunt more notorious pirates. After all, notorious ones are easier to identify, heavily modified ships are more likely to be owned by experienced players, which in turn more likely to be hostile on spot due to being more confident with the game.

Couple of minutes later we left the port again, we were chasing around another ship to ask whether they saw any pirates (hoping they would say; "Yes, us!" , so we could start a fight and end the night in high note with all the shenanigans) and found one lone ship anchored near a field of debris. Much to our disappointment, this group turned out to be friendly as well and pointed us further north for pirates. We, in disbelief and sure they were lying, sailed north anyways to maintain character but also keeping an eye out for this one ship on our back. Then suddenly, loud noise of cannonshots! Two ships, one manned by undead came out of nowhere and guns started blazing. The last thing i saw before leaving the ship with a keg of cannon-powder was Kraken's arms raising up. I lit the barrel, threw the keg at this huge tentacle and swam as fast as i can to get away, shouting "help" towards the crew we just had a chat.

My ship went down, but,i survived the ordeal with heavy injuries, yet the undead ship followed me to battle with these guys as well. I immediately jumped to this unknown ship's guns, shouting "friendly! friendly!" and started bombarding while good captain tried to rout away from both ships and a storm. I must add at this point that we were not sharing a common language. Either i landed enough shots on the other ships or captain was good with his trim but we got away. Sound of sea and the wind went back to normal, checking the ship i saw only the captain was alive, the other crew member i don't know what happened.

After a minute of silently emoting respect, I saw something shining on the sea, a bit behind us, closer to the battle zone. You see, i had to check it. Shouting one last farewell, I jumped off the ship, ofcourse i was trusting the friendly mermaids for a ride back home. Among some barrels floating, i found this peculiar blue stone, most likely from another ship sunk by the undead crew or the second ship which attacked us at the start of the fight. I wanted to take the stone back home with me but the damned mermaid refused to take me back with the stone in my hand. So, I decided to make my way to the nearest island, swimming angrily to the stupid mermaids.

Everything was well until i saw a fin on the surface of the water, got attacked by the shark almost immediately after i saw it. Raising my pistol, i spent my last shot on the predator and immediately started slicing it with my new sabre. To my suprise, it didn't take too long for this shark to be mortally wounded and somehow i survived yet again. I made my way to this rock formation which i initially thought was an island and climbed a bit to use my spyglass, there were no sign of life for miles. The damned mermaid below me, i was checking for other ships to get a ride, hopefully not giving up on this blue stone (Sapphire of the Mermaid or something). It was one really long day for Papenbard the Privateer.

That is where i left off, an amazing adventure for me. What is even better, when i get in the game next time, it will start in a tavern with a mysterious stranger commenting something like "Aha, another new face. That was quite the celebration when you arrived... I am not surprised you don't remember it. "

It is atmospheric.

**Edited for typos & clarifications.
 

Maksim
299 products in account
30
294 people found this review helpful
82 people found this review funny 34

Recommended
42.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 2
Greay fun. I really recommend this game. I will say this thogh; u need to get used to work for loot and then not be able to get it sold. You will get sunk, you will be overwhelmed. It will suck. But the point is that you will have fun doing all the pirate stuff. The moment you realize the only thing you can do with gold is buy skins anyway, you will discover the real fun. Its about the adventure and the fun times, not always the booty.

So poor yourserlf a MEGAPINT and become the worst pirate i've every heard of. :D

Really thogh, it's great fun.
 

MEGAPINT
499 products in account
0
350 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
1,003.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2021
Sea of thieves was the game that finally brought old friends back together. For the longest time, I've been playing tons of games solo or random multiplayer without making any real connections with people. Sea of thieves was one of those games that allowed me to reconnect with old friends and form a crew to play this game with. Solo play is still quite fun and suspenseful, but playing with a real consistent crew is a real joy in this game. The art direction and style of the game is top notch, on par with some of the best water physics emulated in any video game in the past or current timeline. Who among us never wanted to be a pirate, sail the 7 seas and dig for a long lost buried treasure? Well, now you can with your friends. 10/10 would play again.
 

Pitvipr
291 products in account
8
303 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 25

Recommended
1,059.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2021
This game has got some serious salt that comes along with it.

So, my first and only bit of advice is; don't play this game when you're already in a salty mood. You're a pirate, you can see and guess what kind of asshattery people will present you with.

The game graphics wise is beautiful, a lot of people will say the sea mechanics is a part of what makes this game and it does! The hand to hand combat is simple, but very engaging. You'll see what I mean if you get this game. You have a sword and three gun types to choose from.
Combat at sea is fun with a fair few types of cannonballs to be using, your inner pirate will awaken at some point, one day you will say enough is enough with the PvE and losing your loot to PvP'ers, you realise you can't ignore PvP forever. On the one hand, there are pirates out there that live for PvP and others that live for PvE.

PvE and PvP; some servers are more PvP, some servers are more PvE. You gotta scope the server out like reading the room. You can alliance up with another crew, you get half value of what they turn in which boosts profit for everyone. However pirate asshattery is to be expected even in an alliance.
And in what feels like more of a PvE server, you will still get PvP. So always, even if its chill be on your guard.

Thats basically it without going into the game in more detail. I won't go into the content of the game because you have to discover that stuff for yourself. Plenty of questing for treasure to be done thats for sure! And if you're more curious as to whats happening in the world around there is plenty of opportunity to explore and find out.

I will say though if you're a new pirate its best to get on in with randoms if you've no one else to play with, you can have some bad experiences but there are plenty of people out there willing to show you the ropes. Its a case of being on the right boat :)




 

Rocky
222 products in account
0
427 people found this review helpful
394 people found this review funny 53

Recommended
329.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2021
my friends locked me in the brig and sunk the ship so i drowned. I played sea shanties the whole time. 10/10 game will put 100s of hours into it
 

Mike
43 products in account
18
217 people found this review helpful
135 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
57.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2021
I buy black clothing. i find someones ship. I sneak on ship. I hide. I wait till other pirates leave. I eat all their food. I hide. I wait till i'm found. I socialize. I die. Repeat.
 

Gothams Mattman
117 products in account
0
417 people found this review helpful
233 people found this review funny 53

Recommended
192.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 18
I think this game has water in it.
 

SirAdachi
311 products in account
0
2,594 people found this review helpful
1,798 people found this review funny 179

Recommended
151.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2021
a pirate called me a homophobic slur and sunk my ship 10/10
 

That 1 gay frog
72 products in account
18
386 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 25

Recommended
116.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 8
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story / Mission }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☑ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
 

つえMoye
19 products in account
11
297 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
571.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2020
Its a great game with a lot of good stuff to do, although I recommend having friends and not playing solo

But this comes with a warning as well. You will have hours of progress taken from you from other people. People will hunt you down and bully you for literally no reason. The community (mostly) isn't toxic, but it is highly encouraged to hunt other people instead of working on your own profit. Even making an alliance is flawed, as you only get half value on things other members sell. Speaking from experience, you simply have to put up with the fact someone can come along and ruin your day at any time. It's quite unfortunate, some of the best parts of this game are with other crews, but you have to treat others with so much caution that fun interactions are few and far between. If these things are a dealbreaker, then I don't even blame you, and I recommend you either find some friends (preferably skilled ones) or avoid solo at all costs.

Also, you can have public ships, but I wouldn't trust those with my life, outside of arena

Edit: because people seem to be misunderstanding, I have no problem with people focusing more on the pvp than the pve, and targeting other players for profit. What I do have a problem with, however, if often people will just outright assault you, even if its clear you don't have any loot on you, and sink everyone they see for the sake of sinking people. it drives new players away, and just makes it even harder to get people to trust you. The fact that I have to warn new players that you can and will get bullied for literally no reason should be enough of a point, but the fact people still use the "Its Sea of Thieves not Sea of Friends" excuse for them not robbing, just murdering for no reason really drives home how some of the playerbase are, and how badly they want to feel in the right for attacking people for no reason. Because they aren't in it for the loot, they're in it to be the worst people they can, and feel in the right, because the game doesn't have any kind of punishment for being a ♥♥♥♥
 

RileyInc
239 products in account
23
254 people found this review helpful
155 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
200.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 14
How to get depression playing Sea Of Thieves.

Step:1 Get the Gold hoarders emissary flag

Step:2 Get the ancient vaults contract and waste 45 minutes looking for the X spot.

Step:3 Get shot and killed after going out of the ancient vaults by a galleon level 5 reaper ship.


Step:4 Uninstall the game.
 

Fuego
260 products in account
13
501 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 50

Recommended
200.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2021
You wake in a tavern, replenish your ship's supplies (food, wood, cannon balls) and customize it's cosmetics.
You talk with an NPC who gives you a quest. You receive a map of an island with red crosses on it.
You go to your ship and search for that island on the world map. You find it, and figure out which way to sail.
You unfurl your sails and turn the helm towards the destination.

A few minutes pass. While you're in the middle of the ocean, trying to navigate around a storm, the water suddenly turns black. Combat music kicks in, as a pair of tentacles emerge from the depths.
A wild Kraken appears, and it thinks that your ship is tasty.
You grab a handful of cannonballs from storage and man the cannons.
With a few well placed shots and a couple shredded tentacles, the Kraken leaves you alone.
You repair the damage to your ship, and jump in the water to pick up the Kraken's meat.
Looking at the map, a short detour towards a trading post is possible.
You place the meat on a skillet to cook, while you turn your ship towards the merchants.
After selling the Kraken meat, you set sail towards your quest.
The rest of the voyage is uneventful, and you reach the island and drop the anchor.
With map in one hand and a shovel in another, you set foot on the tropical island before you.
With no minimap, you need to read the map and orient yourself based on landmarks you see.
Eventually you find one of the places where the treasure should be.
Enthusiastically, you swing your shovel in to the sand and hit wood!

You've found a wooden chest, that is one of the treasures on the island.
However, you also found a pack of animated skeletons who would rather you not take the treasure.
You draw your sword and fight the bones.
You notice a lone skeleton carry a big red barrel of gunpowder toward you. Without skipping a beat, you run a few paces away and draw your pistol.
With a single shot, you hit the barrel which promptly explodes, obliterating the nearby skeletons.
One of which drops a piece of parchment.
On the parchment there is a quest...

Sea of Thieves is a well polished multiplayer-only title about adventure. There's plenty of stuff to do, and the game always finds more activities to offer you.
The only downside is that it requires a crew to be viable in PVP (which can't be turned off), and to be effective the crew needs to communicate well. It can be hard to find such crew, so it's best played with friends you know in advance.
 

Climax708
278 products in account
0
376 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
385.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
Sea of Thieves is a game with a long history of ups and downs,
that have shaped what has now become one of my favorite games of all time.

It's hard to pinpoint what exactly went wrong during the 4 years before the closed beta started,
but to say that, what would eventually be released to the public at a full price,
would shape the reputation of the game for years to come is an understatement.

Despite all efforts, Rare has been continually fighting the sour preconceived notion
from consumers that have grown cynical from years of being burned by corporate business
not unlike the initial release of SoT. I'd say that mindset is more than justified.

I believe this game is a massive outlier when it comes to genuine ethical backtracking
in terms of ongoing work retroactively fixing the game.

Over the past 2 years SoT has recieved close to the most free updates and hard labor of love
I've ever seen put into a game that never needed it to bring the money in.
Many would say that sort of description already fits games like No Man's Sky,
but its approach to it and the design decisions are what makes Sea of Thieves stand out.

Unlike NMS, progression in SoT isn't vertical, but horizontal.
Meaning all of its mechanics can be experienced in the first hour of play
and will not differ from someone like me, who has played it for over 1000 hours
on the M$ Store version.

While this means overall incentive is that not unlike your high score in an arcade game,
if you actually view the game as what is essentially an open world,
per session arcade experience, the genius behind this design starts making sense.

Every single update the game has received doesn't suffer from the growing pains of any service game that relies on conventional progression systems.
If Rare decides to add a literal grappling hook mechanic to the game
that lets you hook onto rocks and pull off drift maneuvers,
you will get to experience that mechanic the moment you log in.

This is where that approach really shines.

New mechanics aren't just one and done features, every single one of these now gets to be designed to enrich the gameplay loop itself, meaning the developers have full freedom to find all kinds of secondary and primary uses for just a single mechanic.

For example:

The rowboat was advertised alongside the volcano region in the game,
but it's not just a tool to savely park your ship away from erupting volcanos.

- Rowboats can be used as a stealth item that lets you hide your ship
and silently sneak up to another crew to steal all their belongings.

- If an island holds many treasures, a rowboat is usually the fastest way to gather it all up and bring it back to your ship if you're in a hurry, which you WILL be.

- If your ship sinks, your rowboat remains and you get a second chance to secure your efforts.

- Rowboats also include their own storage space and as of recently are a very reliable source of supplies if you find them on islands. Effectively cutting supply gathering time in half.

This doesn't even touch on how new features retroactively add to previous mechanics as well.
For example, the aforementioned harpoon can be found on certain rowboats as well which,
if you have it docked on your ship, allows for an entirely new grappling angle.

So yes, Sea of Thieves is a service game.
As such it has benefited from new content stacked on top of the already existing structure.
Thankfully that structure is incredibly flat and wide, meaning climbing that structure
to reach said features is non-existent.

This unfortunately means what was already there could hardly be fixed without entirely redesigning the whole structure which has NOT happened. It's still the same game but with most of its holes and gaps being closed up by genuinely great mechanics and content.

Yes, if you played Sea of Thieves on release
and disliked the "go from point A to point B, back to A then repeat" experience,
that has largely been unchanged and the occasional dead air, while now being shorter than ever, will probably still bore you as much as before.

However when that dead air is gone, you will experience many many more interesting and fun
scenarios with an incredible amount of tools and ways in how you deal with those situations.

The point of this review isn't to just list all the positives and negatives,
after all you will find plenty of those already, but to explain why people who have stuck with the game all this time consider the new additions it has received to be much more valuable than they might look to someone who's never played it.

Sea of Thieves has proven to not only be one of the most unique
and fun coop experiences I've ever played, it reminds me of a time
when Rare took a formula, injected as much of their own personality and charm as they could
and also manage to introduce an incredibly polished and innovative title
that stands on its own merit... It just took as long as a Steam release to make that happen.
 

Applegreen92
155 products in account
6
1,055 people found this review helpful
107 people found this review funny 113

Recommended
80.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 25
I have a serious love/hate relationship with Sea of Thieves. It is both one of the best games I have ever played and one of the most frustrating games I have ever played, all wrapped into one. The gameplay of Sea of Thieves is INCREDIBLE. The sailing is the best in any game I have ever played. The feeling of exploration and discovery as you blast through treasure hunts and puzzles and mysteries is unlike any feeling you can get from any other game. The cooking mechanic, the healing from food, the not-terrible fishing mechanic... all subsystems that prop up the rest of the gameplay are unique and interesting in their own right. The land-based combat is relatively uninspired, yet still satisfying when part of the greater picture that the game presents. Some of my favorite memories in gaming, full stop, come from completing long nights on the high seas or doing long-form content available in the game. The game is gorgeous, some of the best ocean/water graphics in any game. The rest of the game is equally beautiful while perfectly conveying the environment of the map you are in. I swear to Gaben that I can freaking smell the wet sand or sulfurous lava on some of these islands. The music and sound design are some of the best in the industry. Outright, the game is incredible.

BUT... Sea of Thieves sweaties ruin the game for me. There is absolutely nothing worse than having a night full of fun absolutely destroyed by some player who's enjoyment of the game is derived from eliminating anyone else's fun. I understand that PvP is part of the "pirate life", but it is by far the worst part of the game by far. I would be willing to pay money, hell a freaking monthly subscription, for the opportunity to play SoT as a strictly PvE game with just my friends and the rest of the server populated by bots. I actively avoid playing the game now because of how many of my last play sessions started with me spawning at an outpost and subsequently being sunk less than 15 feet off the dock by some sweaty that hasn't seen sunlight since the Obama administration. I know that this is an incredibly unpopular opinion in the greater SoT-sphere, but part of the enjoyment of games is letting players enjoy them how they wish, and I really freaking wish that I could enjoy the aspects of SoT that are fun to me without being the plaything of those pirates who live only to ruin the fun of others.
 

Cooliodude223
829 products in account
0
1,282 people found this review helpful
130 people found this review funny 105

Recommended
314.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
 

Mikeeelele
619 products in account
0
553 people found this review helpful
669 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
11.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2020
This nautical nonsense be something you wish
 

Grizzly Carolina
133 products in account
0
560 people found this review helpful
290 people found this review funny 179

Recommended
73.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2020
I found a chicken
caged it
named it Cernest
went on a mighty battle in the fire skeleton land with my pals and Cernest
he died in battle
we had a burial
10/10 rip Cernest
 

bunny
105 products in account
3
219 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
74.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2020
This game is very enjoyable.

Though, for those that are solo players: be prepared for frustration and anger.
As a new player I've had nothing but bad experiences meeting other players. Though they're far and few in between, I'm constantly being shot to pieces.

The dynamic events will jump on you at the worst possible times. Surviving a Kraken straight out of a respawn is not possible.

I don't have IRL friends to play with; and I think that's 90% of the experience in this game. I don't know how I feel about playing with strangers - but we'll see. I might try signing up for a crew soon enough - don't know yet.

I've been shot in outposts/safezones, had my boat sat on fire and you name it - it's not a solo friendly game. Know that when you buy it. If you HATE PvP... well, take a guess.

I've only played 28hrs as of this review and it's been solo.
I hope you get to enjoy the game if you buy it!


Edit on 07/06/2020
To clarify on Whiterabbit's comment:
- I'm not saying people shouldn't shoot each other, but that I used the first hours of me playing this game *trying* to learn the mechanics and it was overwhelming. I've been attacked straight after spawning in on new ship, while docking for my first voyage, while in town. The pirate code is just that: A CODE! not a rule. And I think PvE minded players need to be aware of that. There's no safe place; you can be shot, killed, and sunk anywhere at any time - even as a new player who just opened the game. I've also tried turning my back on my ship to turn in my treasure for like 20seconds, I came back and a Galleon had docked and sat my sloop on fire; they apologized and repaired my sloop and when I was out on voyage again, I noticed they had ripped my sloop for every possible resources.

As an anchored sloop trying to do a voyage, meeting a PvP ready Galleon was by no means fun and they shot me only for the sake of shooting me. This type of encounters can be grueling and very demoralizing. New players need to be aware of this because it makes or breaks the game for some of them.

Not everyone is okay playing with other people due to anxieties and playing solo is their only option - this game will not be for them. I'm simply trying to make a certain group of gamers aware that there's no Single Player version of this game and you won't be left alone out there on the seas.

Solo and Single-Player is two very different things.

If I'm going to play with other people, I'll play with someone I know in real life.
The game does encourage team-work and I love that - even the alliance system is cool.

And I know I'm making it sound like the game is such a bad thing, but I just have to highlight certain events that'll make some people really bumped out about having spent 40EUR.

Personally I love the game to bits. There's things and details that annoy the living out of me, but I understand why it's done as it is. The treasure system is fantastic, I LOVE the riddles and bounties, I love the different factions and that some items can be turned in to any of them for extra experience. The Sailing mechanics are very enjoyable once you get it down - and sailing a sloop alone is almost therapeutic.

While the game is very linear and grindy, it's a joy.
 

Ashtail Foxclaw
82 products in account
23
180 people found this review helpful
70 people found this review funny 82

Recommended
32.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2020
"A group of friends helplessly playing the Happy Birthday song with their musical instruments while their ship is sinking due to insufferable damage caused by the Kraken, a Megalodon, and the Skeleton Pirates, simultaneously."

If that sounds fun to you, then you arrrr going to enjoy Sea of Thieves!

Sea of Thieves is a game that puts you into a pirate's shoes (or rather, peg legs). Which means, you get to do what pirates normally do! For example, getting killed by the Kraken, searching for One Piece, dueling skeletons in a sword fight because apparently they have a bone to pick with you! (They also eat bananas to regain HP, just like in real life), and FISHING! I guess..

My main point is, you have a lot to do in this game, such as the campaign a.k.a Tall Tales, sidequests, and you can do it at your own pace. Want to fish all day instead of sailing the seas? Sure, why not? Want to get pointlessly killed and robbed by other players? Sure, why not? Whatever floats your boat.

At first, the game might be intimidating because of how overwhelming it is. Atleast to me. Trust me, initially i knew jack ♥♥♥♥ about how the game works. Gave it some time and now i'm hooked. Heh, sea what i did there? See what i did there again just now?

Graphic wise, the game looks beautiful. It's so vibrant and colorful, and i will never get tired of it. The most impressive part is the water graphic and animation. Seriously, it looks so good! If that Miiverse person who bought every game on Wii U and reviewed its water graphic still plays videogames until this day, then they'd be proud and crying ocean of tears upon seeing Sea of Thieves.

So, why should you buy Sea of Thieves? My answer would be "immersion". The game is very immersive and a blast to play with friends. I can't say anything for the solo players but i assure you, grab a friend or two and you'll see what i mean. You fight with the terror of the seas, explore, loot, duel with other pirates, and the game makes all that experience immersive and feel great. Not a lot of game can pull this off. It's truly a rare experience, heh. I'm sure i will treasure all these moments because they're just gold.

If you're a solo player, please read other reviews and think twice before buying. But, if you're planning to play this with friends, then i strongly recommend Sea of Thieves. Do not miss out on this gem. Heh.
 

Angelo
786 products in account
7
246 people found this review helpful
151 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
76.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
This must be the best pirate game i've ever seen.
 

Vérni
348 products in account
0
253 people found this review helpful
239 people found this review funny 62

Recommended
268.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 30
This game, it changes people.

Some time ago, I was a pirate, we were all pirates, absolute scallywags sailing the high seas, plundering to our hearts content.
that was until our verbal punching bag of a friend, decided that had enough of the pirate life, and discovered a dark secret.

At first He spent his free time fishing, harmless right? that's what we thought at least, every day he spent less time plundering and more time fishing, more hours wasted catching fish, it wasn't long before his life spiralled into a depressive cycle of staying up 18 hours a day just to catch virtual fish for three months. It started with the need for gold, but soon after, it was not enough. He needed all the commendations. All it took was for him to earn the hunter of Splashtails and he was hooked for good.

Three months later he finally caught all the fish, and got all the commendations. what was he to do with his life now? an emptiness ensued and he finally filled the hole with a girlfriend/boyfriend (i'm not really sure who wears the pants).

In conclusion, never, EVER, fish in this game, you will spiral into an uncontrollable addiction and waste weeks of your life. So to those who have friends playing this game, keep watch over them for me, please, don't let them suffer the same fate me dear old pal did.

and to you Renai, i hope it was worth it...
 

Kabova_B
91 products in account
5
168 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
1,728.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 5
I finally feel like after 631 hours in game that it is time to write a review...
Overall this game is amazing. It reminds me of my life growing up on sailboats on the ocean in Hawaii, minus the pirates, loot and krakens, lol ..
It is a stunningly beautiful game.. So much detail and the graphics are phenomenal.. The quests are fun and creative and there's so much to do.. Even just island hopping and looking for loot is a good time.. It's also been super awesome meeting fellow 'pirates' from around the world.. It's a very social game which is a lot of fun.. I thought after reaching Pirate Legend and topping out in rank that the game would get dull or boring but there's always new events and commendations to take part in.. This game is anything but boring.. There is always something to do and enjoy..

However, like most games there are some downsides.. This game can be difficult to play solo.. Mainly fighting off enemy ships, galleon skelly's, doing some events, even some quests like vault quests can be difficult on your own...

Another issue is the maps can be really hard to read and navigate in order to dig up treasure.. They don't have a lot of detail to them and some can take an hour or more to find.. A little more fine detail would be nice..

Also, the sailing between islands is very time consuming at times.. Just sailing from one island in a quest to the next can take a pretty long time.. This isn't really a game you can plan to hop on for a half hour or so.. I have found it takes a good two hours to even complete a quest or event, so plan on spending some time in game when you hop on your ship..

Another thing is there is no option for just PVE, which sucks when you would really just like to get on and play the game and not do PVP.. This is personally my biggest issue..
Sure, people will say 'This is Sea of Thieves! Not Sea of Friends!' yada yada... Yes, we all know this.. But it would be nice to have the option to just do PVE or just play with friends.. I have noticed a progression in my 631 hours playing of players being downright nasty.. I strongly feel like some get on not to rank up, do quests or events, meet new people or enjoy the beautiful scenery in the game.. No, their number one focus is just to attack people.. Not to even take their loot or their emissary flag, but just to ruin someone else's game, and waste hours sometimes that it has taken to collect that loot and finish a quest..
People can even form an alliance with you, do a fort or quest with you and then once you've spent hours working as a 'team' turn on you, kill you, blow up your ship, and steal all of the loot you all just worked hard to get.. I have quit doing alliances after having this happen at least a dozen times.. Basically, no one is your friend.. Unless they are in your crew you should not trust them..
It can just be pretty frustrating to have some jerks come along and attack you, even when you have no emissary flag up, no loot and your're literally just cruising around exploring.. In recent weeks since the game has been on sale I have played with at least a half dozen or more brand new players who we've had this happen to and they've decided to no longer play, even uninstalling the game altogether because they're just frustrated with putting in all that time and work for nothing.. I get it..
The latest one was an enemy attacking me saying 'Come on baby, come get me' and 'Come here sexy lady, take your shot' and just being really rude and obnoxious.. I try hard not to give a reaction since that's what they're wanting but it can be borderline bullying and Rare allows it.. So you really have to have thick skin sometimes with some of these nasty people..

Lately, more often then not, I get off the game not reflecting on what a good time it was or how much gold I made or quests I did, or cool people I've met, but annoyed and angry because of repeatedly being attacked to the point I couldn't even really even play the game..
I'll never stop playing but my biggest wish for this game would be to give the option to just play PVE or with friends if you're not up to constant battling.. Believe me, with the right crew a good ol ship fight is a lot of fun.. Your adrenaline goes crazy and it can be awesome.. But sometimes you don't want to play that kind of game, you just want to play a chill game, and it be nice to have that choice...
Overall, this game is my favorite game to play.. It is so much fun.. I recommend it to everyone I know.. And every new season has great new additions.. I hope this review can help someone considering the game or new to the game to know what to expect! And I hope to find you on the Sea!!
 

autumnleafe
177 products in account
8
265 people found this review helpful
79 people found this review funny 67

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2020
Edit: People are only reading the first part of this review thinking I'm upset. But clearly I recommended the game, and had an absolute blast. Which they'd know if they bothered to read.

It's a great game, and its really fun, especially if you have friends to play it with, however; the toxicity can be a struggle, but thats just pvp for you. Once I got into the game after the tutorial, it was just me on a little sloop only had 30 minutes at the time, immediately being hunted down by a Brig, and a Galleon. I didn't have treasure, I had just started the game, I didn't know what I was doing, or how to do it. Yet these people chased me across the map, yet I had the wind in my sales, and was faster than them.

Suddenly, the wind changed direction, I had lost the speed, there were ghost ships ahead of me, and I was still being chased; I tried to escape around a large rock, but was cut off by the galleon. They boarded my ship, two started attacking me, while the other two were lighting my ship on fire, and firing the cannons. I had no treasure, and I was alone, I didn't understand why they were after me. Thats when they finally spoke up.

"You're trash at this game, ___!" - "I bet your mom is a ______." - "Killing noobs like you is the best part of this game!" - You get the point.

They were clearly suffering from mental issues, so I didn't use my mic to talk back, I just let myself go down with the ship, as a good captain does. However, I vowed to get my revenge, even if I must do it from the depths of Davy Jones Locker. I respawned with my ship, and immediately got to work, I hunted down loot with a stranger that joined me, and together we made some money. I bought an outfit, because I needed to look the part.

I had seen the same Galleon hunting down one of the new Ashen Winds skeleton lords. Together with my shipmate, we sailed towards them, and found their ship undefended, as they were fighting. We waited for a while, out of sight, our ship hidden behind an outcropping of some rocks. We let the fight go on for a while, before we lit their Galleon on fire, and sunk it to the depths like they had done to me. Once they had all died from the Lord, and respawned wherever their ship was. We went in and finished off the lord, and took all the loot to the furthest outpost we could find on the map, to lower the risk of the Galleon finding us.

We got plenty of good loot, and made lots of money. All in all, for my first 4 hours of pirate adventures, I'd say it was absolutely amazing. You should get this game, and maybe we'll sail the seas together, or I'll sink you to the depths of Davy Jones with my Sloop.
 

Clappy
128 products in account
11
173 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
79.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 13, 2021
Sea of Thieves is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time. Its horizontal progression model completely avoids the pay-to-win pitfalls of other live service/shared world games but rewards players for their activity fairly; and its unique gameplay achieves a remarkable combination between immersive systems-driven simulation, and elegant, simple mechanics which are easy to learn but hard to master.

Sailing has never been so much fun in a video game before, and may never will be again. Must-play!
 

MAYBE SILANS 入 人 λ³ AVL3 גスℵ
2,425 products in account
0
556 people found this review helpful
836 people found this review funny 146

Recommended
665.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2020
CAPTAIN! LOOK!

 

Quas
116 products in account
6
1,239 people found this review helpful
907 people found this review funny 179

Recommended
250.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2020
Product received for free

Best game ever! Especially with mentally unstable friends.
 

Woh Dak Nag Gran
122 products in account
8
1,102 people found this review helpful
877 people found this review funny 66

Recommended
334.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 2, 2021
I sunk a bunch of german kids
10/10
 

Witness Protection
183 products in account
0
236 people found this review helpful
245 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
45.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2021
Someone sunk my ship while I was trying to catch chickens on an island. I went back to the island to take revenge, they sunk my ship again. 10/10 would recommend!
 

Oguzbr
176 products in account
0
121 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2021
THANKS FOR LANGUAGE SUPPORT
 

󠀡󠀡󠀡⁧⁧ariose
195 products in account
0
487 people found this review helpful
273 people found this review funny 29

Recommended
61.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 2
1.get your ship
2.buy some resources
3.search for treasures
4.spot a player ship
5.start a fight
6.they wrecking u in 30 seconds
7.get another ship for revenge
8.they wrecking u in 10 second
9.exit the game
 

ArefSiah
31 products in account
0
270 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 27

Recommended
172.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2020
Sea of Thieves is one of the most polished games I have experienced in recent memory. Its environment, immersive sailing and beautiful graphics made this game a pure joy to play, explore and experience. The campaign stories (called "Tall Tales") are intriguing, inventive and curious to play-through.

When it comes to combat regarding the melee strikes with the sword or guns, it feels a bit lackluster and basic. Battling enemies head-on lacks challenge and is relatively simple. That said, the boat battles against Skeleton Ships, Ghost Ships, Kraken, Megalodon or other players is very satisfying and unique. The amount of ways to mess around with your opponent, blow their ship while also repairing and steering your own creates a frantic scene of cooperation among you and your crewmates each and every time. Moments where you T-Bone an enemy ship, grapple their hull and then proceed to invade their deck to release the anchor to prevent them from moving as your allies rain down a variety of cannonballs that inflict different effects and damage is exciting that I have yet to see matched in other games. To add, depending on the size of your crew from 2 players to 4, you will be provided larger ships from a single-said Sloop to a massive Galleon, all with their own benefits and short-comings, making battles incredibly challenging.

Another key part of the game is the progression in the game. For some players, the lack of progression detracts motivation to continue playing. However, if you are someone who enjoys the experience of games more so than rewards, this may be the game for you. In Sea of Thieves, what you start with is what everyone else has and there is no additional unlocks, access to better weaponry/ships or other in the game. The quests, currencies and rewards are all related to cosmetics to improve the look and feel of yourself and your ship.

To end, if GTA is the open-world grindfest to unlocking cooler cars, upgrades and real estate then Sea of Thieves is its counterpart where everything is already unlocked and you simply sail for the great times and moments with your shipmates.
 

Torte de Lini
189 products in account
3
153 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
893.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2020
UPDATE ~ Almost 1,000 hours now and I love this game even more than when I started. Hope to see you on the seas some day!

ORIGINAL REVIEW ~

Sea of Thieves is a satisfying adrenaline rush and surprisingly balanced if you enjoy PvP.

I'm always on the lookout for new co-op games on Steam. When Sea of Thieves popped up, I mentioned it to a few friends and one of them was ecstatic. He insisted that I get it ASAP so we could play together. I'm so glad I did. Within the first 10 hours, this became one of my favorite co-op games.

Things started out a bit rocky. My best friend and I simultaneously booted up the tutorial. After I beached and un-beached my ship, I shambled through the rest of the tutorial on my end, a little concerned about whether or not I'd ever handle the multitasking that's required to be an effective pirate in this game. Soon after, our good friend joined us and I went into full-on panic mode. There are other players? Right now?! All around us?!!?! I knew there was a PvP element, but I thought we were playing a private game and that we'd be able to do that in the future.

It wasn't long until we were raided by another ship, and it was definitely just for lulz. The three of us were at an outpost with zero loot. It wasn't long until it was over, however, and as we watched their ship sink and I came down from the stress, I grinned. That felt amazing.

I never envisioned getting so hyped about PvP. I avoid most PvP anymore because of cheating and toxic communities, but Sea of Thieves does it quite well and I've had, so far, a very fair experience. While I've lost some battles, I've never felt that something was unreasonable. I've had people cuss me out for swiping their loot, killing them, etc. If I could offer any advice to a new player, it's learn to pay attention to your surroundings as much as possible.

This isn't a game where absolutely anyone can easily sneak up on you without you having ample time to do something about it, and this isn't a game where people are required to leave you alone. If you decide to stop at an outpost to sell your loot when you see a player ship in the distance, then you're setting yourself up as a target. If you truly feel a player is harassing you, scuttle your ship and spawn somewhere else. With almost 60 hours in this game now (now well over 100 as of June 30. 2020), though, I really have a hard time wrapping my head around just how people feel like they can't get away from other players. The only thing I can conclude is that they're just not paying enough attention to what's around them.

I've played on all three ships now by myself and with a team of friends. If you're solo, the sloop is fast enough to outrun any ship against the wind. It's actually very easy to completely avoid other players on it if that's your jam. The brig and galleon add the thrill of teamwork and communication. As with any PvP game, Sea of Thieves is not without its toxic players. This is honestly why I primarily play solo or with friends because I just don't personally enjoy teaming up with random people. I've met cool people and salty jerks, and it's really nothing different from any other PvP experience in my opinion.

The rewards for completing anything in this game are purely cosmetic. While I was lukewarm about that at first, I appreciate how it levels out the playing field for players of any skill set. Even with micro-transactions, there's no pay-to-win mechanic.

While players are certainly a threat, there are plenty of other things that can sink your ship, from The Kraken to a rainstorm, from ghost ships to a poorly placed gunpowder barrel. It's difficult to deal with some of the PvE threats when you're solo, but it's very possible with practice and patience!

Sea of Thieves is also graphically and musically beautiful. It easily has the nicest looking water I've ever seen in a video game. I'm normally a little thalassophobic when it comes to large bodies of water in video games, but it's just so darn gorgeous that I'm always ready to jump in and swim around. Further, I knew I recognized the composition style from somewhere, and it's none other than Robin Beanland! That's just another plus for me as a gaming music nerd.

There are a variety of bugs that seemed to have been fixed (at least for me) in the most recent update: ship compass freezing, wind not showing up, not being able to interact with things and having to die or find a mermaid to "reset" ... Rare seems really set on making this a polished experience, however, and it's given me even more incentive to stick around and keep playing!
 

Ghost
225 products in account
1
218 people found this review helpful
142 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
34.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 3
This game is so packed full of all these small little fun details and things you can do that I can't help but adore this thing

I can play instruments, get drunk off my ass and play instruments badly, vomit into a bucket and throw that vomit on my friend's face, then pick up his pet dog and fire it out of a cannon, then fire myself out of that cannon

No dogs were harmed in the making of this review
 

Henkka
813 products in account
5
1,146 people found this review helpful
271 people found this review funny 171

Recommended
322.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐You forget what reality is
✔️ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
✔️Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
✔️Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
✔️ Teens
✔️ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
✔️Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
✔️Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
✔️ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
✔️ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
✔️Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

the Light
37 products in account
0
498 people found this review helpful
90 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
351.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 13
there is cats in this game, you can take your cat on adventure with you 100% worth the money
 

@^^@
153 products in account
0
380 people found this review helpful
103 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
5.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 22
im a pirate
 

kollege44
312 products in account
0
317 people found this review helpful
120 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
10.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 8, 2021
3 hours of listening to "What shall we do with a drunken sailor?" with my friends. 10/10 would sail again
 

sharkzzz
254 products in account
5
265 people found this review helpful
213 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
129.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2021
tried being friendly once, don't recommend it
 

Beebo
305 products in account
0
187 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
279.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2020
9/10 with friends

2/10 alone
 

Spaced
43 products in account
2
365 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
479.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2020
Not for single play. Well-made game, Great story and gameplay. It's great fun and exciting with crewmates like your friends. Not a good choice if you want to play alone.
 

西摩
197 products in account
17
146 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
147.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2020
I like playing this game with friends
I don't like to solo it cause people always attack solo players
but it's a pirate game so I don't mind

best played with friends.
 

n e k
356 products in account
0
254 people found this review helpful
210 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
13.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 1
Haven't made it past character selection yet.

Edit: I'm happy to announce after 9 hours I've selected my character, we did it fellas
 

Rinnyper
192 products in account
0
288 people found this review helpful
187 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
141.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2021
I went to an Outpost to sell my fresh loot.
I Greeted another Pirate who was already there.
He seemed friendly because he let me sell my loot peacefully.
A bit later we decided to set afoot into the tavern.
We cheer'd our tankards and we got drunk.
He then betrayed, killed me and set my ship to fire.
He sunk my ship with my stolen cannonballs while i was still trying to be friendly.
11/10, I would never trust a Pirate again.


P.S This was an actual experience from my gameplay.
 

Oxyderkis
281 products in account
9
185 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
27.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
Bought the game.
Entered it with a friend.
Got a ship.
Fought hard and got a lot of loot.
Sold the loot.
Went to play music and drink to celebrate.
2 friendly sailors docked near us and drinked with us.
Played music and barfed every where.
They left to voyage.
And so did we...
Solid game, its a must if you are interested in a pirate game.
 

Gavra
270 products in account
0
282 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
134.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2021
Ahoy!...It's really fun with friends and the voyages are exciting...kinda depressing if you're playing alone and getting bullied by online griefers with full teams.
8/10👍🏽
 

Opinicus
557 products in account
0
441 people found this review helpful
305 people found this review funny 30

Recommended
110.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2020
I get killed by my friends more than enemy pirates!
10/10
 

🌴 Forfeit 🌴
121 products in account
0
1,187 people found this review helpful
84 people found this review funny 81

Recommended
38.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2021
- DIFFICULTY -

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 "Dark Souls"

- GRAPHICS -

🔲 "MS Paint"
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece

- MUSIC -

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful

- STORY -

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing "Temple Runners" for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
☑️ Well written
🔲 Epic story

- PRICE -

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect price
☑️ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

- REQUIREMENTS -

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Average
☑️ High end
🔲 "NASA" computer

- LENGTH -

🔲 Very short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15 - 50 hours)
🔲 Long (50 - 90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90 - 110 hours)
☑️ No ending

- FUN -

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

- REPLAYABILITY -

🔲 It's a one - time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months / years
🔲 Definitely
☑️ Infinitely replayable

- WORTH BUYING -

🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Yes
 

KevinAnjo
143 products in account
0
1,755 people found this review helpful
204 people found this review funny 532

Recommended
137.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Difficulity}---
☑ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about achievements
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ No limit

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☑Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐Good
☐Lovely
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average ( but it can be infinity depends on the player)
☐ Long
☑To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

⚠️ IN MY OPINION ⚠️
 

CFive
800 products in account
6
194 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 36

Recommended
406.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 31, 2020
Product received for free

The journey is the reward

Overview
Sea of Thieves (SoT) is an open-world first-person action-adventure game where you can be a pirate as a pirate can be. It promotes PvP and PvE action side by side at the same time while Its main focus is directed towards utilizing team play and heavy cooperation.

It's not about the gold, It's about the glory
🔸There is no profound main story overshadowing the game but every island, character, treasure, and chest is dipped in a piece of lore, just to be expanded more and more with the upcoming DLCs. Meanwhile, You can set sail towards grand adventures to uncover various secrets and how this archipelago was cursed, by doing lengthy quests known as Tall Tales. If you want to pursue the somewhat convoluted story, take on them or perhaps you just want to be a damn pirate, go for it. The game gives you free rein to choose whether you want the lore or not and I think it is great in that manner.


The Pirate Lord giving you a pep talk on the last Tall Tale 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Amirite


An altogether different meaning of cooperation
🔸You're given two modes to choose what type of adventure to start.
Adventure: The primary experience of SoT. This mode focuses on the PvPvE aspect and consists of all the voyages, events, and everything the game has to offer. Players can choose any of the vessel sizes to start their journey. Sloop (two-man), Brigantine (three-man), and Galleon (four-man).
Arena: A full PvP mode that heavily revolves around naval battles in duo or quad-play. Players fight each other against the clock for points.

Loot and currencies
🔸Treasures and gold can't be found so easily. Mostly you have to follow an X-mark map and solve several amusing and brain-tickling riddles or perhaps take on a more aggressive approach by looting an enemy ship. These quests can be either bought or found lying along the shorelines. The payment for quests and loots is deeply generous but there's nothing more than skins to buy. Soon you'll run out of things to buy in SoT. Currency in the game is divided into three items.
Gold: Most common currency obtained by selling loot. Used to purchase cosmetics, items, and quests.
Doubloons: Awarded for completing commendations. They can be exchanged with Duke in taverns for special voyages and cosmetics.
Ancient Coins: Obtained via real money to buy from the Emporium Shop (purely cosmetic). Also rarely dropped by ancient skeletons.

Trading companies
🔸SoT is dominated by three main trading companies knowns as "Gold Hoarders", "Merchant Alliance", and "Order of Souls". They each only buy certain types of loot from you. Should you choose a riskier yet more profiting way to bootleg your belongings, the "Reaper's Bones" awaits you. Additionally another company, "Athena's Fortune", is accessible to only Pirate Legends (requires reaching level 50 in all three main companies).

You can do handbrake turns in a ship, who knew?
🔸Sailing a ship has never been so realistic. You're given a compass and the rest of the knowledge comes with time. Sails must be angled properly to adjust the speed. Repairing the ship requires agility or hours of work might sink in the bottom of the seas. You must interact cooperatively with most of these elements to speed things up. Overall, it's not as complex as it sounds. The whole experience is easy to learn but hard to master.

No progression, whatsoever
🔸The gameplay becomes monotonous since no ranking system or character progression is present. On one hand, it's a good starting point that all players are given the same gear and weapons and only skill would save them from death. On the other hand, it makes it difficult to spot decent pirates and have productive journeys with random people.

The heart of PvE
🔸Is numerous world events that take you through epic naval battles or set you and your crew off to fight skeletons and solve riddles. Smaller events such as hunting Megalodons or the Kraken occurs randomly in the sea. While major ones like Ashen Lords or Ghost fleets will stay around until they're completed. The events are considered as a great challenge and are almost impossible to come through without seasoned crewmates.

Bosses are um... too tanky!
🔸Most events end with a boss fight. These encounters could be often intense as each one has different stages and summons minions during the fight. However, they lose their variety soon because all bosses share the same set of attacks and moves. Their huge health pool is just a "hit it until it's dead" situation that bores you to death. Needless to say, the melee system feels lackluster and basic.


Boss fights are Chaotic and intense but are also extremely tanky and require no strategy to defeat compared to the hefty loots they drop 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Amirite


Joining publics is unnerving
🔸The fact that no lobby joining option is implemented in the game after 2 years of development is what bothers me the most. No info is given when joining a game such as latency, the ongoing quest, etc. You cannot cancel the joining process once you start searching for a crew.

Getting more technical
🔸Hud is minimalist with absolutely no intrusive elements cluttering the screen and your view for more immersion. SoT offers a considerable amount of "Accessibility features" to aid anyone with the slightest disability to enjoy the game. Features like Text-to-Speech, narrating UI elements, various colorblind filters, etc. that distinguish SoT from other titles.

🔸All contents could be exhausted within 200 hours if played efficiently but bear in mind due to RNG factors of quests and events, the replayability is immensely high🔸


Sun. Sands. Sea
🔸At first glance, the cartoonish style might put you off but to be fair the visuals are extraordinary and breathtaking. The water effects and physics are phenomenally realistic. The days are brightened with cheerful colors. It's practically impossible not to take a minute to gaze upon the stunning sunrises/sunsets while sailing the seas. The nights are filled with stars and auroras that never lose their charm and are somewhat gloomy, in a good way.

🔸During naval battles, the music intensifies the situation with epic pieces similar to the "Pirates of the Caribbean". Also, you can set up the greatest radio station ever. Bring out your instruments, play shanties, and sing along with your crewmates.


The sea of thieves is vast and eye-popping. Plenty of sceneries like this make you take a moment and admire the work put into it 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Amirite


🔸TECHNICAL🔸
Specs: GTX1050 2GB - Athlon II X4 645 - 8GB DDR3 RAM
The game runs with a mix of medium and high settings using about 80% of VRAM at 1680x1050 30 FPS

🔸BUGS & ISSUES🔸
Rare bugs like objects clipping into each other, ships despawning, or sent off flying.
Poor integration to Steam. Friends have to be added and invited only through the Xbox app. It is now possible to invite friends through Steam.
The hit registration system is fudged and might not work as intended due to connection issues.
Event goals and challenges are not directly accessible in the game. External web pages must be visited.

Verdict
Your experience in SoT is what you make of it. It'll steal as many hours of your day as you let it. Although, the whole game has some rough edges around it. There are no meaningful purchases to make with all the gold you earn. Lack of depth to the melee system and the repetitive nature of boss fights might be dull and discouraging at times. Nonetheless, SoT is extremely fun and fascinating. I cannot recommend it enough.


Follow our curator page, OCG-Curations, if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.
 

Amirite
352 products in account
19
219 people found this review helpful
59 people found this review funny 41

Recommended
1,414.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2020
Not all treasure is silver and gold mate...
 

sxckypanther
81 products in account
1
809 people found this review helpful
221 people found this review funny 49

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2021
water
 

IGameSometimes
39 products in account
0
279 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
346.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2020
Has a colorblind mode!
 

Slime on your shoes
83 products in account
0
312 people found this review helpful
92 people found this review funny 35

Recommended
52.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2020
You can have a dog. 10/10
 

Vhan
445 products in account
0
115 people found this review helpful
110 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
238.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 18
spend multiple hours to fill up your sloop with treasures and resources only to be body slammed by a galleon with 4 5000 hours reaper players blunderbussing your ass while you bucket out water off the ship and at this point you're not sure if the water filling up your hull is from the ocean or your tears.
 

Verne The Turtle
173 products in account
0
281 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
303.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2020
solo, no

crew, yes
 

inklaplol
60 products in account
0
829 people found this review helpful
140 people found this review funny 25

Recommended
314.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 1, 2021
Product received for free

You can have a dog. 10/10
 

You
1,628 products in account
9
197 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
33.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 10
Become pirate, shoot, loot, sell, repeat.

Good game.
 

supergamerjo
52 products in account
0
735 people found this review helpful
1,128 people found this review funny 94

Recommended
1.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3
Product refunded

friends not included
 

uwu
81 products in account
0
930 people found this review helpful
62 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
703.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
I already spent over 500 hours with the MS-Store version and am very happy that this game is finally coming to Steam.
 

Yudups
77 products in account
7
301 people found this review helpful
366 people found this review funny 194

Recommended
112.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2020
11/10 would light my ship on fire again because I accidentally burned the chicken.
 

Shemulator
147 products in account
0
165 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
1,854.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 18, 2021
Most of my current friends were found here, and I have great stories about meeting some of them
1424 hour edit: still the best game ever, and I still play it with some of them
 

Tanker3501
58 products in account
0
172 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2020
Game has improved so much since launch and is very fun to play with friends especially if you get a full squad to man the galleon. It's so very relaxing and calming to just sail the seas and soak in the sunlight and ocean :)
 

Ocelot
962 products in account
0
445 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
805.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 13, 2021
JACK SPARROW AND DAVY JONES ARE COMING
WOOOOOOOOOOO IM DONE

P.S: Thanks Rare, honestly you guys are one of the most amazing game developers ever.
Turned this game from something little (2018) to what I can call one of the best experiences I had with a game right now and hopefully more soon.

Double P.S: Can we have ice zones now hmmm?
 

AmirAM1
647 products in account
14
1,038 people found this review helpful
65 people found this review funny 139

Not Recommended
108.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2020
This game is fun! You probably shouldn't buy it.

I know that sounds a bit confusing, so I'll try to clarify.

Sea of Thieves has a niche loop: you sail around for a long time, grab some items, put them on your boat, sail some more, and then sell your items. You can buy cosmetic items with the gold you get from selling items, but, surprisingly, the main draw of the game is the loop rather than the reward. I don't think any of this should be fun, but for me, it was - there's an odd, primal satisfaction that comes from grabbing a thing, physically putting it on your boat, and saying this is mine now, and I like to have it.

There are a few PvE threats which can get in your way, but they're laughably easy and quite a bore to fight. Nobody plays this game for the PvE; if they're not playing it to fight other players, they're doing to for the weird satisfaction of item collection (or they just really like sailing the boats). The main threat comes from that other group I just mentioned: people who play the game to fight other players. If you're playing the peaceful part of this game (i.e. item collection), you've got to be constantly on your toes and looking out for other players. In fact, the presence of other, frequently hostile players turns this game from a docile sailing game to a really quite intense game of cat-and-mouse. Rocks and trees in the distance begin to look like other ships. You slam against a reef, spring a leak, and swear that you just got shot by a cannon. You see lights in the distance and panic. It's great!

And then the inevitable happens: another ship locks onto yours like a heat-seeking missile, and the chase begins. You try to run, but they're in a Brigantine and you're in a Sloop; neither of you really know how sails work, so you both sort of fumble around until they end up in the wind and suddenly you're getting broadsided. Both you and your crewmate abandon the wheel and run below deck to start repairing - where's the wood?! How do we get all this water out of here?! You're scrambling, panicking. You think you've got it all patched up until there's a massive thud, and even more leaks have sprung at the front of the ship. Your crewmate rushes to get the new leaks patched up, while you head to the deck to see what happened. That's when you see it - the Brigantine! You've accidentally rammed it, and you see two of the Brig's crew furiously swimming around the boat, looking for the ladder and trying to get back aboard. You see there are sharks in the water. The Brig's captain lets go of the helm and drops the anchor, locking the boat in place. You see your chance and take it. You get on the helm of the Sloop, spin the wheel around, and scream at your crewmate to get on the cannons. He does. You start hammering the Brig with everything you've got - cannonballs, firebombs, blunderbombs, something called a chainshot. The Brig springs leaks; there are explosions on the helm, and the deck is on fire; finally, as if in resignation, the masts fall. You sail away. Behind you, against the backdrop of a slowly rising moon, the Brig sinks.

It was a great fight, but, sadly, it was also a hypothetical one. Fights like this do happen in Sea of Thieves, but what I've described above is a fight between players who are new and have no idea what they're doing. This is when the PvP in Sea of Thieves is at its absolute best: it's frantic, crazy, and spectacular. More frequently, however, the players deliberately seeking out PvP (and new players) are the people who have already sunk hundreds or thousands of hours into the game, know every modicum of the meta, and who do nothing but fight other players. If, in the above situation, we were talking about a Brig crew who were good at the game and knew the meta, it would have gone more like this:

Another ship locks onto yours like a heat-seeking missile, and the chase begins. You try to run, but they're in a Brigantine and you're in a Sloop; they know exactly how sails work and before you know it they're ahead of you. You try to turn away, but your hull explodes, your mast falls, and your crewmate dies. You drop down to the lower deck, confused, and spot another player on your ship. You're not sure how he got there. You pull out your pistol, having never used it before, and fire; by some act of divine providence, you manage to hit the intruder. He jumps off the boat with something that looks a piece of fish in his hand, disappears into the water, and soon he's back on board. You didn't realize until now that someone had dropped your anchor. You attack him with your sword, but it seems like he has fully recovered from your pistol shot. He pulls out a blunderbuss and kills you with a single blast. As your soul leaves your body, you hear the other crew in voice chat, yelling at you. "Sit down," they say. "Too easy." After sitting in a green, flaming ship that appears to be sailing through hell for what seems like an eternity, you spawn back on your ship - a new ship, on a different island. The old ship is already sunk. They got your treasure, and your adventure was for nothing.

Here's the problem: the latter situation sucks. It's not fun, and, in my experience, it's far more common than the situation I described earlier. This game has an incredibly toxic community which is also very good at the game, and you will run into players who will stop at nothing to not only steal your treasure but also make you feel bad and want to stop playing. The consensus, as far as I can tell, among the more vocal members of the community, is that the game's title contains the word "Thieves," which, upon a quick reference to your favorite dictionary, is evidently defined as "people who put hundreds of hours into cartoon pirate games for the explicit purpose of trying to make it so other people can't play cartoon pirate games." The body of water in-game is also called the Sea of Thieves, which must be telling. After all, every body of water inherits properties from its name. Pacific means "peaceful in character," and we all know that no wars have ever been fought in the Pacific Ocean.

These experiences will occur, and they may end up being your first encounter with other players. Unlike Rust or ARK, there is no server list in Sea of Thieves; you must play with other, random members of the community (toxic players included), or not play at all.

The value proposition, then, is wrong. This is a $40 game with a niche gameplay loop and the express guarantee that you will have many negative experiences with other players. Like I said, I had fun with it; I learned how to avoid other players, and, when combat was inevitable, I learned some of the sneakier tricks. Some people will be so drawn to this game that they'll be willing to do that, but I reckon most people won't. I think that's perfectly reasonable.

Buyer beware.
 

Shrimpless in Seattle
163 products in account
110
220 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 79

Recommended
351.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2021
Choose yer own journey, here we be free. But be wary of thieves and the treacherous sea. Before setting course for what ye desire, form a trusty crew and get the proper attire.

Explore, plunder, go to battle, be brave. Steer clear of danger, or risk meeting a watery grave. Dance, chant, toast and drink. Enjoy yerselves mateys, but try not to sink. May the wind be on yer side, with treasure as yer guide. May barrels be filled, and yer hearties be skilled. May spoils be plenty, bananas times twenty. May ye conquer the sea and not be too mean. Perhaps ye'll become the best pirates ever seen.

Set in a vast, beautiful world with mesmerizing water physics and great sound design. Sea of Thieves is a joy to venture into with anyone you care for. Just remember to be on the lookout for other pirates. Many of them are murderous thieves. They'll kill and steal with a smile on their face. And while that can be disheartening at times, lurking dangers like these also make for more exciting and fulfilling journeys.

Yet ye'd be wise not to lower yer guard, even if the coast seems clear. Ye wouldn't want to get stuck with yer booty out when pirates appear.

Although combat is pretty straightforward, PvP can be quite the rush. When encountering enemy ships, ensuing battles are often dramatic and thrilling as you're trying to board and sink each other by any means necessary. Stock up on food, planks and firepower to be ready for a fight. If you'd rather not engage in PvP, or don't want to risk losing your loot, it's usually not too difficult to evade pirate attacks. Keep an eye on the horizon and check for anyone lying in ambush. Try not to corner yourself when docking your ship and keep the anchor raised for a quick escape.

These are not the only perils ahead. From the depths of the sea, great beasts ye shall dread. Through storms and waves yer ship shall soar. True fear ye'll know after the tremble from a Kraken's roar.

PvE offers a lot of fun, adventurous content, including Tall Tales, Voyages and World Events. These have a variety of challenges and enemies to overcome, along with vast riches waiting to be uncovered. A Pirate's Life is a great addition and serves as a nice incentive for new players to get into the game. Personally, I'd like to see what Rare could do with One Piece, or a world set in the Viking Age some day. They've done a fine job capturing the pirate fantasy in Sea of Thieves.

Now hoist the colours, make sail! Adventure awaits. Time to start yer tale.
 

MighTy
2,073 products in account
6
100 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
15.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2021
Not all treasure is silver and gold, mate.
 

Aoi
345 products in account
0
127 people found this review helpful
56 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
492.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
Good game, better with friends (Don't leave food in the stove, you will have a big torch if you do)
 

Cesar Belmont
133 products in account
0
521 people found this review helpful
149 people found this review funny 47

Recommended
251.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 27
water
 

BND
188 products in account
0
215 people found this review helpful
632 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
72.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2020
Someone sailed over to my ship and shot my cat out of a cannon.




They no longer have a ship.
 

Baguette
1,438 products in account
7
316 people found this review helpful
643 people found this review funny 151

Recommended
65.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 9, 2020
It's Better than sex, because during sex I get yelled at when i do my pirate voice.
 

FURY_WiNTER
496 products in account
0
141 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
324.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2020
Oh man, Sea of Thieves. I spent $1 for a month of Xbox Game Pass to give Sea of Thieves a try, and I fell in love. I jumped on it on Steam in July despite the game not even being on sale at the time, just because I wanted to keep playing it.

The biggest gripe I have with Sea of Thieves is, like many others, the other players who choose to do PvP battle with you. I've gotten frustrated a lot simply because other players felt like engaging and they either have a better grasp of PvP than my crew does or their internet sucks. It can be, and is, very demoralizing to spend half an hour or an hour on one voyage and lose all of that progress.

However, thankfully, the majority of Sea of Thieves players do not fall into that category. Most players want to do their own thing and not make the gamble to lose all of their progress, so usually you won't even come into contact with other players, or you might end up finding friendly players. If you're aiming for PvP, the Arena game mode exists to provide PvP players the matches they're looking for. In fact, there are communities dedicated to setting up PvE servers, and having joined them a couple of times, they can be well-organized and very rewarding.

New PvE content is being added to the game almost monthly. New treasure hunts, new story quests, new world events, and more, all with unique gameplay mechanics that will keep you on your toes. Some players complain about "all enemies are skeletons" but honestly there's a lot of variety in both the skeleton types and the special skeletons like Captains and Ashen Lords. There's genuine feedback to be made about boss enemies being bullet sponges, but other than that the fights are honestly very fun.

It's also really great to have the game put everyone at an equal skill level in terms of weapons and ships. There's no way to upgrade anything for more power. All of the loot goes towards more cosmetics, which is risky because that means the developers put their entire stock in the gameplay loop being fun enough for players to keep coming back, and it definitely paid off because the gameplay loop is definitely really fun.

While other players can be a nuisance at times, I'm always coming back to Sea of Thieves, so much so that I easily paid real money for a pet dog. I definitely recommend everyone gives Sea of Thieves a try by using the Xbox Game Pass for $1 for a month, and then making a decision from there.
 

SlyCooperFan1
666 products in account
0
112 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
1,187.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 19
Pirate game go Arrrr
 

ScoringBlaze
35 products in account
4
428 people found this review helpful
105 people found this review funny 25

Not Recommended
109.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
Look I love the game, but your screwed if you dont have any friends. To many people target small ships and you cant get anything done. You need friends. Sadly I dont have any and I cant enjoy the game.
 

Luin the wolf
200 products in account
21
461 people found this review helpful
169 people found this review funny 18

Recommended
9.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2021
My friends bought cats and got to the highest point so we could do a Lion King moment.

10/10
 

masoudbyhimself
757 products in account
7
99 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
548.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2021
The best parts are the funny randoms you meet in this game
 

Moo Cow
134 products in account
0
235 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
27.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2021
needs to allow for more crew!!!!!!!
 

MysticDuff
35 products in account
0
277 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 59

Recommended
49.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 27
- Difficulty -

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
☑️ Hard
🔲 "Dark Souls"

- GRAPHICS -

🔲 "MS Paint"
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
☑️ Good
🔲 Beautiful
🔲 You forget what reality is.

- Game Length
🔲 Short (2-6 hours)
🔲 Average (7-12 hours)
🔲 Long (13-20 hours)
🔲 Very Long (21-70 hours)
☑️ Infinite

- MUSIC -

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
☑️ Eargasm

- STORY -

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing "Temple Runners" for the story
☑️ It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Epic story

- PRICE -

🔲 Underpriced
☑️ Perfect price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

- REQUIREMENTS -

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average
☑️ High end
🔲 "NASA" computer

- FUN -

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
☑️ Ride of your life

- REPLAYABILITY -

🔲 It's a one - time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months / years
☑️ Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

- WORTH BUYING -

🔲 No
☑️ Wait for sale
🔲 Buy it! Right Now, you will not regret.

8/10
Epic game. FiNd Sum friends
 

Noda
144 products in account
5
126 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
1,733.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2021
Don't be a jerk. Follow the pirate code. It's posted in every tavern.

Sea of Thieves will not make any sense at first. It's going to seem like there's no point to doing anything. You sail around collecting treasure and doing fetch quests to sell for gold so you can buy a different colored hat or a fancier ship. Also getting a new sword or a new gun doesn't make you do any more damage or give you any advantage. And then some pirate with a really fancy ship sneaks on to your boat and shoots you in the face.

Eventually you realise the point of the game is to be a thief. It is also to be a good pirate. A good pirate is a good thief and a good thief is a creative thief. Learn how to mess with people, lie to them, fool them and steal their treasure. Sneak up on them while they're distracted by how fancy your ship is. Don't feel too bad if sometimes you have to shoot someone in the face. Learn how to control your ship, and learn how to disable and sink other ships.

A lot of the excitement of Sea of Thieves comes from the risk of losing the treasure you invested time in to obtain. You will probably get sunk a lot before you are able to sink other players. Don't run too much. Learn from your encounters and pay attention to how they sank you. Don't play for the gold, play for the glory.

Also don't be a jerk.
 

MattyMatMatMat
153 products in account
5
168 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
45.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2020
If as a child you have always wanted to be a pirate, find treasures with friends, do naval battles, navigate and explore the ocean, well this is the game for you, incredibly underrated, but it offers a fantastic adventure.
 

【Re[λ]L】
309 products in account
0
806 people found this review helpful
246 people found this review funny 112

Recommended
90.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 10, 2020
boat
 

ChadThunderNutz
27 products in account
0
118 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
106.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2021
A lot of fun to play with friends; the exploration, grinding, and tall tales are all fun, but one thing to note is the players are often unforgiving and will gladly sink your ship even if you don't bring anything with it
 

radpersec
154 products in account
0
228 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
309.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2021
the real treasure is enjoying time with friends
 

MosiMita
69 products in account
0
283 people found this review helpful
67 people found this review funny 72

Recommended
14.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2021
Oh, I bid farewell to the port and the land
And I paddle away from brave Englad's white sands
To search for my long ago forgotten friends
To search for the place I hear all sailers end
As the souls of the dead fill the space of my mind
I'll search without sleeping 'till peace I can find
I fear not the weather, I fear not the sea
I remember the fallen, do they think of me?
When their bones in the ocean forever will be
Plot a course thro' the night to a place I once knew
To a place where my hope died along with my crew
So I swallow my grief and face life's final test
To find promise of peace and the solice of rest
As the songs of the dead fill the space of my ears
Their laughter like children, their beckoning cheers
My heart longs to join them, sing songs of the sea
I remember the fallen, do they think of me?
When their bones in the ocean forever will be
When at last before my ghostly shipmates I stand
I shed a small tear for my home upon land
Though their eyes speak of depths filled with struggle and strife
Their smiles below say I don't owe them my life
As the souls of the dead fill the space of my eyes
And my boat listed over and tried to capsize.
I'm this far from drowning, this far from the sea,
I remember the living do they think of me?
When my bones in the ocean forever will be.
Now that I'm staring down at the darkest abyss
I'm not sure what I want but I don't think it's this
As my comrades call to stand fast and forge on
I make sail for the dawn 'till the darkness has gone
As the souls of the dead live for'er in my mind
As I live all the years that they left me behind
I'll stay on the shore but still gaze at the sea
I remember the fallen and they think of me
For our souls in the ocean together will be.
I remember the fallen and they think of me,
for our souls in the ocean together will be
 

Devingameboy
37 products in account
6
73 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
1,188.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 2
This is my favorite game of all time. So simple, yet so complex. So easy to grasp. So difficult to get to the top tier of pvp. Something new all the time. Great friends made, great enemies defeated. Epic Sea Battles! Grog! Playing music with strangers and making them your friends! The most beautiful game I've ever played by far, sometimes I jump on just to set sail and watch the sun set or rise. Sometimes I sit around on an island by a fire, looking at stars. 10/10 will do it all for thousands more hours.
 

WizzoDavis
154 products in account
0
208 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
53.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 25, 2021
★★★☆☆

very fun with friends, sucks alone
 

Phoenixflower
327 products in account
0
476 people found this review helpful
399 people found this review funny 127

Recommended
21.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2020
Ah yes , B O A T
 

Fragz ⚡
166 products in account
0
662 people found this review helpful
693 people found this review funny 79

Recommended
103.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 10
Before I played this I had no job, no money, no girlfriend, no will to live, no life i was homeless and everything sucks. none of these things have changed, but the game is pretty fun.
 

Judy
121 products in account
14
202 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 51

Recommended
164.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
Imagine a 9 hour worth of farming only to have it stolen by camping ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who got the drop on u & spent around 5 minutes doing so. so 9hrs worth of loot in 5 minutes is insane. if you can recover from that, then that game is definitely for you & it's definitely a part of the experience as emphasized per title "sea of THIEVES", YEP alotta thieving indeed. it's basically a pirate's life, filled with unfairness & that shouldn't make u hate the game, but love the risk u take each time u start a voyage. Graphics are astonishing, so is the soundtrack. mission stories, constant update to the online experience with new maps and missions. u just cant get enough each time u play. the community on discord is friendly, but trust me when i say ingame dont trust another. every1 backstabs the other and it's just a freeforall griefer heaven !
 

Fever 🔥
266 products in account
19
674 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 66

Recommended
491.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
☼ Graphics ☼
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Fantastic

♬ Music ♬
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Fantastic

☠ Difficulty ☠
☐ Easy
☐ Average
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard
☐ Unfair

§ Bugs §
☐ Bugs destroy the game
☐ Lots of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing encountered

☯ Story ☯
☐ There is none
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

⚔ Gameplay ⚔
☐ Frustrating
☐ Sleepy
☐ Boring
☑ Fun
☑ Challenging

۞ Game time / Length ۞
☐ Really short (0 - 3 hours)
☐ Short (4 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours (10 - 20 hours) [if you focus on the main story]
☐ Long (40-60 hours) [if you complete everything]
☐ Very Long (61-100 hours)
☑ Extremely Long (101+ hours)

$ Price / Quality $
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for Sale
☐ Don't buy
☐ Refund it if you can
 

Maioneezo
57 products in account
6
174 people found this review helpful
237 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
47.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2020
this fat ass stupid pirate came and killed me on my first ever attempt at playing this game. Ted Cruise was the pirate. Ted Cruise killed me. Ted Cruise will kill more. Stop Ted Cruise.
 

Devout Scientologist
236 products in account
0
146 people found this review helpful
124 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
294.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 14, 2021
Some games give you cancer
This game gives you scurvy
 

Shylock
191 products in account
0
83 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
33.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 16
sea ​​of ​​emotions, atmosphere and great time with friends
 

lesifu
137 products in account
5
350 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 29

Recommended
155.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 23
---{ Graphics }---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You'll need a second life for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
 

Raïs Lghanjo
13 products in account
0
157 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
123.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
I like pirates
 

Eggman Gaming
57 products in account
0
178 people found this review helpful
64 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
238.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2020
One of the most fun to play game if you have friends to play with.
Unfortunatelly... I DON'T.
Still love this game nonetheless.

ARRRRRRRRRRR.
 

Jill Volentine
526 products in account
1
121 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
200.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 4
sea of thieves
 

xyz
81 products in account
0
341 people found this review helpful
417 people found this review funny 39

Recommended
29.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2021
Before I played this I had no job, no money, no girlfriend, no will to live, no life i was homeless and everything sucks. none of these things have changed, but the game is pretty fun.
 

MONST3R
1,406 products in account
12
252 people found this review helpful
132 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
213.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2020
Splashed 35 quid on this game to avoid having to use the Xbox App

Worth it
 

..
119 products in account
8
96 people found this review helpful
48 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
47.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 21, 2020
this is a game about people who like to bully solos in sloops with a full galleon who also for some reason cant aim a blunderbuss at point blank

also you can puke in a bucket and throw it at people
 

Nice Cock
629 products in account
2
182 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 43

Recommended
539.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2020
I have many good memories in Sea of Thieves, from when it wasn't on steam. But now it is, and that just makes me want to play it even more! :D

This is definitely, one of those games you could play for thousands of hours, without getting tired of it.
 

Vikker
1,293 products in account
0
466 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
243.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 8, 2021
~ DIFFICULTY ~

🟩 No Difficulty
▢ Easy
▢ Normal
▢ Hard
▢ Impossible

~ PLAYER BASE ~

🟩 Everyone
▢ Kids
▢ Mature
▢ Casual Players
▢ Tryhards
▢ Pro Players

~ GRAPHICS ~

▢ What Is This?
▢ Acceptable
▢ Good
▢ Great
🟩 Beautiful
▢ Masterpiece

~ SOUND/MUSIC ~ (Using Headphones)

▢ Bad
▢ Nothing Special
▢ Good
▢ Great
🟩 Beautiful
▢ I´m Gonna Cry

~ STORY ~

▢ This Game Has No Story
▢ Like Playing "Candy Crush" For The Story
▢ It´s Alright
▢ Well Written
🟩 Epic Story
▢ Thinking About It, When I Sleep

~ PRICE ~

▢ Free
▢ Underpriced
▢ Perfect Price
🟩 Could Be Cheaper
▢ Overpriced

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

▢ A Toaster Could Run This
▢ Average
🟩 Above Average
▢ High End
▢ NASA Computer

~ LENGTH ~

▢ Very Short (0-2 Hours)
▢ Short (2-20 Hours)
▢ Average (20-50 Hours)
🟩 Long (50-200 Hours)
▢ VERY Long (200-... Hours)
▢ Multiplayer/Neverending

~ FUN ~

▢ I´d Rather Watch Grass Grow
▢ Hard To Enjoy
▢ Repetitive
▢ It´s Okay
▢ Fun To Be Had For Sure
🟩 The Kind Of Fun You Will Remember
▢ Life Changing

~ REPLAYABILITY ~

▢ One-Time Experience
▢ Only For Achievements
▢ If You Wait A Few Months/Years
▢ Definitely
🟩 Infinitely Replayable/Multiplayer

~ WORTH BUYING ~

▢ No
▢ Wait For A Sale
🟩 Yes
▢ I Can´t Recommend It Enough

~ FINAL SCORE ~
9,0/10
 

pxyd2gydfr5
390 products in account
26
115 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
89.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 20
I think people miss the core point of this game.

Pros,

Large map with plenty of content for both PVP and PVE players alike.
Insane amount of quests and objectives, or just motive to sail freely and explore.
A great deal of depth.
An equal playing field when it comes to ship combat.
LOOT!
A non-aggressive MTX system which is cosmetic only.
Incentive to learn and get better at the game.
Graphically it is utterly stunning.
Developers who care and are constantly updating the game.

Cons,

Now take these with a pinch of salt, because there is plenty of it!
There is one META for ship combat and that is boarding, as long as you can deal with that, then you are fine.
A hard game to play alone, wouldn't mind subscription based private servers.
A small portion of the community ruin the game for others.
Toxicity.

Look, Sea Of Thieves is a damn good game, don't let a few players sinking you destroy your experience, that is the way they want to play it and fair enough, each to their own. The reality being that if you plan ahead, if you stay out of sight and play smart, then you can normally avoid combat if you wish to do so. Also you will find that over 50% of the players you come across, their one META is to try and board you, they are not good at the game and you can deal with them fairly easily.

Other than that it is about being smarter than the toxic idiots, just like any game since online play was invented. Think about it, in MW2 when some lovely person was spamming noob tubes, what did you do?

You would get out a sniper rifle and take care of them, or you would change your strategy to make his strategy useless, my point being that there is way to play around idiots. If you do get into ship combat then play it smart, keep your distance and play YOUR way, in time you will learn to counter the idiots.

But at the end of the day, the game is both a PVE and a PVP based game, if you get frustrated easily, or feel you cannot make plans to avoid these things, then sure don't buy it. But the reality being that I have had whole sessions where I have not seen someone else. There are so many ways to make money and have fun that you can avoid the hot spots, make your own game, this is sort of what Rare want you to do anyway.

Although I feel private servers to play on with friends against NPC's would be far more enjoyable.

I also think getting rid of Arena was a mistake, because sadly it put the toxic lot back into the main game.

In closing, I feel that this game has so much to offer, and you should 100% ignore the negative reviews, they are just from people who played the game incorrectly and didn't use sense, or have any understanding of what a live service PVP game is.

Play your own way, have your own fun and do what makes you happy.

9.5/10 and I will stick by that no matter how many times I sink, which most of the time, is down to my own stupidity and not to the fault of somebody else, I am just big enough to admit it.
 

Stevronar
128 products in account
3
101 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
402.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2020
Works nicely on Linux with Proton 5.13-2.

There are only 2 things that are annoying:
1. Mouse having herky-jerk movements, which was fixed by capping game to 60 FPS.
2. Mandatory requirement of having Microsoft account :(

Other than that, this game is (red) barrels of fun, and would highly recommend it to everyone.
 

RTheren
575 products in account
4
138 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
141.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2021
I love this game, I just wish there was something to be done to have a more disposable version of the game. I feel the best experiences require >90 minutes to maximize gameplay. As a 30-something year old, I don't always have that much time to play a game.
 

Taiwan#1
106 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
171.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2020
===[]===
☐ Kids
☑ Everyone
☐ Casual players
☐ Pro players

===[]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☑ Good
☑ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece

===[]===
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

===[]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☐ Medium
☑ Fast
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☐ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless

===[] ===
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Okay
☐ Average
☑ Good
☐ Fantastic

===[]===
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☐ Few Bugs (but can be very frustrating)
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☑ Nothing

===[]===
Multiplayer: YES
Singleplayer: YES
 

Floucs
157 products in account
0
112 people found this review helpful
92 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
257.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
"Time for you to do what you do best"

*sets ship on fire*

10/10
 

AcornAvenger
787 products in account
0
71 people found this review helpful
51 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
290.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 8, 2021
Got sunk because my Russian crew mate wouldn't stop drinking mid battle

10/10 would sink again
 

Nosk
116 products in account
0
114 people found this review helpful
40 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
128.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2020
banana
 

brainfuzion
91 products in account
0
88 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
65.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 7, 2021
+ So much fun
+ So many different stuff to do

- You can not take a ♥♥♥♥, as it will disconnect you
 

RonnieOosting
56 products in account
7
94 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
1,440.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 6
I love this game. No life it all the time... maybe I should touch grass...
 

ShimmeryKimmery
35 products in account
0
709 people found this review helpful
580 people found this review funny 75

Recommended
769.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 15, 2021
⢸⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⡷⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠢⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠈⠑⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠖⠒⠒⠒⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⣀⢤⣼⣀⡠⠤⠤⠼⠤⡄⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠑⡤⠤⡒⠒⠒⡊⠙⡏⠀⢀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠢⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠇⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⢀⠧⠟⠁⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠸⣀⠀⠀⠈⢉⠟⠓⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢱⡖⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⢺⠧⢄⣀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⣠⠃⢸⠀⠀⠈⠉⡽⠿⠯⡆ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⣰⠁⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⢸⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⢇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡌⠀⠈⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠃⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠷
Arrrr yarrr Sailing Son?
 

Prinz Zuko
176 products in account
11
65 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
568.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 9, 2021
Very good game, great fun with friends. Fortunately, you don't have to play the story of the game, you can just do whatever you want. A tip, only store as many goods as you are willing to lose ^^


Sea of Thieves 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Cacti


Sea of Thieves 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Cacti
 

Cacti
615 products in account
23
571 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
420+ hours on Microsoft Store.

~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
✅ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 A challenge to be reckoned
🔲 In the heat of confrontation, treat your opponent with respect


~ GRAPHICS ~
🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter for this game
🔲 Good (nothing special)
✅ An original artistic direction
🔲 Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece


~ STORY ~
🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Basic element of the contractual requirements
✅ It's there for people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Leading to more in-depth researches/thoughts
🔲 A model to get inspired by


~ LENGTH ~
🔲 Long enough for a cup of tea
🔲 Short
🔲 Average
✅ Long
🔲 To infinity and beyond


~ MUSIC ~
🔲 Just filling noises/No music
🔲 Trivial and uneventful
✅ Good and/or fitting the game's artistic dispositions
🔲 Memorable
🔲 Transcending whispers of a forgotten world


~ INTEREST ~
🔲 I would rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive and/or uninspired
🔲 A good moment
✅ Sticking out of the pack
🔲 You will remember it long after


~ REPLAYABILITY ~
🔲 A one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
🔲 If you wait for mods
🔲 Definitely
✅ Infinitely replayable (or almost)


~ BUGS ~
🔲 Never heard of
✅ Minor bugs
🔲 Can get annoying
🔲 Impacts the player's experience
🔲 The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs


~ REQUIREMENTS ~
🔲 You can run it on a microwave
🔲 Low
✅ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer


~ PRICE ~
🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
✅ Perfect Price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money


~ WORTH BUYING ~
🔲 No
🔲 If you have nothing else to play
🔲 Wait for sale
✅ Yes
 

ToxicDutch
439 products in account
0
73 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
105.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 20
One of the best co-op experiences i had in a long time.
-No live map (only on the ship).
-No compass if not taken out of the inventory.
-No quest helpers or direction helpers.
-The crew if not solo playing has to do all the tasks needed as a team to have it done faster.
-sails for speed and direction adjustment, canon shooting and repairing, boarding other ships and so on.
-giving direction to the ship captain and looking out for other ships and uncharted stones.

In summary the game is intended to be played as a team and to split the tasks
 

Soferus
61 products in account
0
228 people found this review helpful
59 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
6.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 26
Johnny Depp game.
 

lil_Levit_050308#HOWLGG
39 products in account
5
169 people found this review helpful
58 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
57.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2021
ship
 

bigboybobeye
49 products in account
0
210 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
132.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 25, 2020
Honest Review, (From the mind of a simple critic) Industrial Gamers!

Gameplay. Sea of Thieves is about as free-form of an experience as you can get, which is both a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, you could probably spend close to a dozen hours having fun sailing around without ever realizing there is a proper campaign to follow (like I did). And that's when I discovered that even though its free-roaming gameplay is enjoyable enough, once I realized what these missions, called Tall Tales, were and how to access them they led to some of my favorite moments.

Graphics. Can be either Beautiful or Deadly under the circumstances. A balanced mixture of ever-changing waves and heavenly sunsets or cruel storms and destructive volcanoes. A game that truly immerses the player in a vibrant world.

Controls. Easy to pick up. But don't be like me and pick out your banana instead of your pistol in a fight...

Sound. Rough Seas 24/7 and the occasional boat crunch when you drop your anchor too close to the shore. Love it!

Difficulty. The game offers very little in difficulty when you play with a crew, the difficulty rises significantly when you try to solo a sloop. Solo means heightened awareness of all surroundings, sea and land. Solo means if you gather enough treasure you welcome unwanted eyes from npc's and players alike. And lastly, solo means if you are chased by preying eyes and damaged you will have to act as both repairman and captain of the guns, which is in my opinion no easy feat.

Final Rating - Even though the game offers purely cosmetic items for everything you unlock. I still enjoyed having fun with friends and being shocked by the unpredictable settings that the game sets you in. I for one will always recommend this game because it is downright fun to play.
 

Industrial Gamers!
669 products in account
0
213 people found this review helpful
207 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
75.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
*RuneScape Sea Shanty 2 noises*
 

Ves
103 products in account
0
94 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
190.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 20
I stole the entire ocean.
 

Saken
90 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
797.6 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2021
Grab some friends and buckle up. This game is a ridiculous amount of fun and every time you play it something new and wacky will happen.

That said I would only recommend it to people with friends they can rely on playing with as the solo experience would be very difficult and playing on an Open Crew would be pretty awful. If you want the challenge of solo play then pirate hats off to you.
 

ThePugHybrid
587 products in account
0
485 people found this review helpful
147 people found this review funny 58

Recommended
87.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 22
Cheesecake recipe
Ingredients:
- 1 3/4 cups Honey maid graham cracker crumbs.
- 1/3 cup butter, melted.
- 1 1/4 cups sugar, divided.
- 3 (8 ounce) packages Philadephia Cream Cheese, softened.
- 1 cup Breakstone's or Knudsen Sour Cream.
- 2 teaspoons vanilla.
- 3 eggs.
- 1 (21 ounce) can cherry pie filling.
Directions: Mix graham crumbs, butter, and 1/4 cup sugar: press onto bottom of 9-inch springform pan
Beat cream cheese and remaining sugar in large boul with mixer until blended. Add sour cream and vanilla; mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating on low speed after each addition until blended. Pour over crust. Bake 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake. Cool before removing rim. Refrigerate cheesecake 4 hours. Top with pie filling before serving.
 

sublimesarge
76 products in account
0
86 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
399.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
Everytime an enemy crew kills me, sinks my ship and takes my loot away, I understand what Davy Jones meant by "Life is cruel."
:3
Wouldn't mind coming back to the seas only to sink again.
ALSO, you can have a dog and pet it all the time.
 

SexBub-Bomb
466 products in account
0
768 people found this review helpful
79 people found this review funny 81

Not Recommended
1,770.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2020
As you may guess from my playtime, I do like, and sail, the Sea of Thieves quite a lot.
So why the negative review?
Simple, some people shouldn't touch this booty with a ten foot shovel.

At its core this is a bastard simulator.
There is pve, where you are going to find treasures, battle Kraken or deliver plants that die unless watered(Yarrrr).
But in a true pirate fashion, pirates, as in other players can, and will attack you.

And here the problem lies.
You are going on your first journey, spending 10 minutes sailing, an hour on the quest, and then, when you are sailing to a port, to cash in your reward, you are boarded.
You did not see or hear the boarding, as you are up against players who have 2000+ hours in the game. They know tricks.
Or they just sail up to you, as there is no tutorial explaining how to effectively sail, and you suck at it.

You are now repeatedly killed.
The games tutorial is a bad joke, created for old players going archievement hunting, no one told you that shotguns are useless unless you aim with the right mouse button.
You do not know how the sword works, and you do not know that cooked food passively regenerates your health.
You are up against people, who do know that, and every other trick.
So why do they kill you over and over again?
To loot your ships supplies if you are lucky. Because they are "real pirates" if you are unlucky.
They are going to tell you in the latter case.
Of course you can scuttle your ship, to avoid respawning into renewed rounds of humiliation.
But that option is hidden away in an options menu under "my crew", so as a new player, you don't know of it.

This deliberate crippling of new players seems to be by design, new players are supposed to be "EZ LOOT... jk", as the loving moniker for steamplayers in official communication is.
This is best shown by a range of emotes that, while some are free, must be purchased in the real-money store.
The emotes in question are the "hide" emotes, that also hide a players name.
A new player will not know that this is possible.
Veteran players use it routinely to "tuck" on ships, and then spring the trap after the ship in question got loot, or is vulnerable.
Which is fun, If you know of the possibility.
Not so much if you don't.

If you do not like pvp, if you do not like to lose hours of playtime, without a chance to prevent it, or retaliate, then stay away.
If you do not like to be helpless prey for the first many, many hours in game, then turn around and never return.

If you can laugh that away, then this game might be for you, and then all the nice stuff everyone else writes is going to come true.

In any case: Before you buy, you should watch lets-plays.
And remember: You are going to be the butt of that joke.

Edit, to clarify, after reading the comments:
I wrote this review shortly after reaching pirate legend(the first big grind) at around 200 hours. I am still playing, mostly as a reaper(the pvp faction).
If you think I wrote this because I am bad at the game, or don't like pvp, you missed the point entirely.
I would choose pvp-servers, should they decide to add pve-servers.
I do however think it fair, that people should know that pure pve is not viable, and that hey are going to be at the complete mercy of a certain kind of people.
On that note: A big thank you to everyone commenting, much appreciated.
I also wanted to give some hints to new players.
All the stuff I wrote, that I did not know?
If you read about it, and still decide to buy the game, you are much more prepared for what is to come.
 

Blubington
325 products in account
102
107 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
268.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 26, 2021
Sea of ​​Thieves is a game that amazed me. For 130 hours of playing, she caused me a lot of emotions, but this is just the beginning. Many interesting tasks will not let you get bored even for a minute in this game. You will have to spend at least five hours of playing a day in order to collect as many chests, skulls, cargo and rubies as possible in order to turn them in and get money and experience. But do not relax, because you are always in the open ocean, where there are 5 more teams like you in the session with you. And the most interesting thing is the battles! These are the indescribable pleasures of firing guns or boarding. And all this is combined with fun, but at the same time gorgeous graphics. In time, you will become a Legendary Pirate, as I became with my friends. And no, this is not the end of the game. This is the key to more challenging adventures and huge rewards. Also in the game there is a customization that will give your character personality. You can customize not only yourself, but also your ship, weapons and even musical instruments! Yes, they are in the game too, as well as various songs whick you can play with your friends. There is also a donate in the game, which absolutely does not affect the gameplay, but gives a big opportunity to customize the character. For example, you can buy yourself a red cockatoo and name it Polinochka, as I did. Recruit a crew of up to four people, choose one of three ships (by the number of people) and go to sea! Long live the Sea of ​​Thieves.
 

yaedavid
43 products in account
2
142 people found this review helpful
100 people found this review funny 32

Recommended
601.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2020
Best pirate-themed fishing simulator.
 

tempus
358 products in account
0
98 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
175.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
Really fun game to play but I wouldn't recommend it if you're not going in with friends.

You will feel like a proper pirate playing this :D All in all a very well executed idea, definitely worth the purchase
 

Stormrider
176 products in account
0
324 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 36

Recommended
19.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 4
---{ Graphics }---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10

 

RHAEGAR
14 products in account
0
180 people found this review helpful
265 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
116.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2020
Why is all the rum gone
 

RTD>AUSSIENINJA
323 products in account
0
173 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
113.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
The same game on a much better launcher. Very rich on content compared to when it was released. If you were holding on for these reasons, go for it!

Xbox and PC progress will carry over to Steam. Even achievements.
 

GameZone
445 products in account
13
1,056 people found this review helpful
126 people found this review funny 172

Not Recommended
238.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 19
After 238 hours worth of playing this game, I have decided to leave a review.

This is a beautiful game with novel gameplay features, a fun art style, and a good variety of quests and adventures to go on. This is a game that can be played with friends, but also is good to play with random players, and can even be handled solo pretty well. The grind for cosmetics can be tedious at times, but ultimately is not too bad. The cosmetics are really fun to mix and match with as well. I really love the unique sailing mechanics, and the ability to "play" an instrument and sync up with your crew and other crews is one of the best features of the game.

With all of the positives of this game said, I am uninstalling the game, and don't think I will be returning anytime soon, if at all. I know I will probably invite harassment from them for saying so, but this game has a problem with toxic PvP players. Recently I have run into a number of crews who have pretended to be friendly only to sink my ship, and then will be horribly mean spirited in chat about it. Even worse, I have been on two crews just today who were the ones pretending to be friendly before killing players that are oftentimes new, over and over, without just sinking their ship. They even got mad at me when I told the new players how to scuttle their ship. They seem to take some kind of sick pleasure in being toxic people and torturing inexperienced players. They always justify their behavior by saying things like "it's sea of theives, not sea of friends", "it's a pirate game", "get good", or "mad cause bad", etc. If this is the kind of players that this game seems to attract and retain nowadays, I think I'll just be leaving.

I know this long winded review will just be a drop in the bucket of positive reviews. I just hope that Rare eventually addresses this in a meaningful way, like dedicated PvE servers, or an opt-out passive mode like GTA V Online has. Or if not, I hope a game comes along that copies the gameplay mechanics that made this game so uniquely fun, while allowing for the features I just mentioned that Rare refuses to put in.

Goodbye Sea of Thieves, it's been fun :)
 

unleadedzeppelin
51 products in account
0
126 people found this review helpful
67 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
55.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 9, 2021
all this game has brought me is pain, poggers
 

Mahatma Gandhi
16 products in account
0
271 people found this review helpful
104 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
52.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
pirate
 

denny2tinio
268 products in account
0
84 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
13.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 11
A drunk retired pirate, who can't stay away from trouble.
Can't seem to be of any use, but is one hell of a cook.
So his other 3 pirate friends, keep him around because he keeps them fed.
Adventures a'hoy ... that's Sea of Thieves for you maties.
 

CaprianoPlays
365 products in account
0
86 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
306.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 13
In a sentence: "Fun, but conflicted and shallow"
At time of writing there is no doubt in my mind that Sea of Thieves is THE Pirate Adventure experience.
It's got everything I want from such. Mermaids, grog, treasure maps, sea-monsters and an abundance of hidden/burried/sunken treasure. As well as the rare interesting and nervwracking player encounters a la DayZ. But it suffers from several major problems that keep it from being a true gem.

The Combat overall can suffer from hit-reg issues, but is otherwise fine.
Ship V Ship PVP however has major issues. Primarily because of the ships.
In short, the small 2-man Sloop is the best ship in the game. The 3-man Brig and 4-man Galleon are slightly faster, have way more cannons and are much more imposing, but in reality they simply can't compete with the Sloop's maneuverability. Meaning the game actively punishes sailing with a larger crew.

Then there is the issue with conflicting player desires.
Some people are here for fun naval combat, some are here for a fun adventure on the seas, some are here to be the terror of those seas. The problem comes when those meet.
When I've just spent an hour going through a story voyage, hauling the treasures I fought tooth and nail for, the fastest way of ruining my experience is to be ambushed by hardcore PVP players and cordially invited to eat dirt while they espouse my mothers enjoyment of their big bananas.
Frankly, the game needs community servers, there is so much in the game that would benefit from actual in game communities, like the alliance system, burying treasure and the new seaforts that can be maintained as temporary player bases once cleared.
But that's apparently not on the board.

There is also exactly nothing in the terms of endgame. And I don't mean I expect them to put in some kind of world-boss (Actually that would be freaking sweet), I'm more referring to the fact that this game about plundering golden treasure has practically nothing of interest to spend it on.

Once you've bought all the promotions in the different factions and bought all the cosmetics you like, there's nothing to put your money into besides making more money.
There's been talk for a long time of the fabled "Captaincy" update that would let you make your own customized ship and help you realize that fantasy of being a recognizeable crew with your own reputation, but it's been teased so long that people have started treating it like a myth.

Currently, the big goal for those dedicated is the Dark Adventure set of cosmetics, that are certainly cool looking, but also arbitrarily expensive.
A good session of looting might net you around 50,000 gold.
And sure, you can get a basic hairstyle option or makeup pattern for like 200,000 gold.
But the basic tunic will run you over a million, if you want a full set of clothing along with the weapons, that's gonna run you close to 20 million, and the ship-set is close to 40.
And it's not even the the coolest looking set you can buy.
The game rewards you with small amounts of premium currency from time to time (a design choice I can't praise enough), so if you just save up you'll earn enough to buy a cooler looking premium ship-set in the countless hours it'll take you to grind the money for Dark Adventures.

To sum up: Fun until you've gotten to pirate legend and done the story voyages and world events, then you'll pretty much only have roaming pvp and a pile of money with nothing impactful to spend it on.
 

Pickled Gherkin
208 products in account
3
96 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
380.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 8
the one game that comes close to making you feel like an actual pirate. specially when you get out-pirated by a couple of kids who you cant kill because the hit reg in the game is broken to this day
 

FallenX13
19 products in account
0
577 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
14.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2021
This review is helpful
 

Jdn.
19 products in account
0
75 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
10.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 14, 2021
this game makes me laugh alot with ma homeis
9.5/10
enjoyable
 

Le Trollge
167 products in account
0
154 people found this review helpful
168 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
71.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2021
spent an hour and a half grinding a boss with a friend just for someone to rock up kill us and take all the loot 10/10 would cry into my waifu pillow again.
 

Conan the Grognak
248 products in account
0
95 people found this review helpful
42 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
530.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2021
Product received for free

I miss my dad.
 

(R)amen
49 products in account
1
198 people found this review helpful
78 people found this review funny 75

Recommended
357.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2020
Three men is all they were.
Three men out at sea.
Three men came aboard my ship and took my true love from me.
I couldn't believe
She wanted to leave
She wanted to leave.

I loved you so long.
Since you were a child.
I've cared for your every need.
I've tried to make you smile.
And all the while
You wanted to leave
You wanted to leave.

Go gather the guns.
We'll blast them at sea.
She begged for me not to shoot,
"For my true love is here with me."
I've never loved thee
Now I must leave
Now I must leave.

So go fetch a bottle of rum dear friends and fill up my glass to the rim.
For I'm not the man I used to be
Now I'm one of them.
 

_ironmonk_
158 products in account
10
80 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
44.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2021
you dont need friends to play tihs game

you find them while playing
 

HELFEXER
675 products in account
3
103 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
226.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 30, 2021
I fell in love with this game, First day i played it I had bout me & a friend a copy. I have been playing since Season 3 & let me tell ya, I love the amount of things to do & the different job types to do. If im alone I could do Merchant stuff or sailor work. Im my life im a low waged worker but, when i play this game im a pirate, a sailor & even a merchant and even an explorer. This game makes me embrace my sense for adventure. 13/10 Highly Recommended Cant wait for season 5!!!!
 

Marshmallow Ash
398 products in account
0
119 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
124.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
Idk why tf people complaining about looters, half the fun of the game is that all your stuff could be stolen at any given time, otherwise it's too boring just collecting stuff.

It's a real laugh with friends, I got yoinked from the ship by a Kraken and was held under the water until I died.

10/10
 

tiff
77 products in account
10
963 people found this review helpful
72 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
1,102.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
So my time may look small but I can assure you, I've been playing SoT since the start!
I was an alpha player in the first 100 people to get in on the game, met the Devs at Gamescom, been an Insider since the start so I think my review is more than enough!

Always getting updates, always adding free content. Worth the play!

(Lots of people asking how I have so many hours - It's because I am an insider so I've been playing the game on Steam before it was released)

Microsoft Store I've passed like 500hours so yes, let us begin with the review!

Graphics: The graphics are cartoonish with not super duper Crysis level, but they are stunning softcore graphics and in some settings like sunrises, the water graphics etc are superbly gorgeous to look at, it's also not a massively graphical demanding game, making almost anyone to play it!

Audio: The audio is top notch with humour, music, sounds, rumbles, flames, crackles, birds, distance animals, krakens, sword swipes, it's all really well done!

Controls: Super super easy to pickup and go, but learning the game because it's a slight mind game having to micromanage your ship with wind, turns, angles, anchor, sails and always being observant on people but controlling it all is super easy.

Gameplay and everything else after: So the game is a large open world pirate sailing (DayZ no trusting anyone) style game.

There is a lot to do, level up, unlock, progress through different factions for unlocks. There is always things to find and do or go and explore.
There are skeleton forts which you can just about solo and then fort of the damned which is designed for a full team, but probably the hardest thing the game can throw at you, but it's super fun to do. It's like waves of different skeletons on the forts, but all players see this active and can come to steal, always enjoy a good fort :)

The ONLY issue I have is the game is very grindy! You need to grind a lot of the same style or types to get levels... If you want that "Pirate Legend" status and not a fake pirate, you got to earn it but even then the cosmetics after for endgame are serious work!

Grinding can be okay on the small part if you are having fun, but this game puts a whole new spin on forcing you to grind for reputation.. Gold is easy and so is rep but you get so little at times it takes a while to get levels, which is sad.

ALL the game is cosmetic based! Nothing is pay to win, there is NO upgrade cannons, hull, mast.. It's all cosmetic so there is no pay to win in this game which sets this game in a perfect spot for a fair advantage for people to enjoy and love

They release free content A LOT in the basis of tall tales.. Which tell the story of "Sea of Thieves" It's work to do BUT super enjoyable and kinda like The Goonies style under water solving puzzles and secrets, which is amazing! - The newest update adds the feature to pause this tall tale and resume it another time via checkpoints, which is awesome.

Right now, there is no other game like this on the market. The developers also make twitch drops, mixer drops, weekly videos, updates, fixes etc are all on time and quick things..

There has been some issue's but the devs are fast to act. The game has a lot of humour and going for it it invites you to play, sometime's it's frustrating with players just being trolls to attack, but often or not you barely get them and form alliance's to team up.

You have a sloop which is 1 person or 2.. The second is a Brig which is max 3 people and then a Galleon which is max 4 people.. All can be done solo but work is involved to manage them.

The cosmetics on store here are awesome, you can unlock and buy with ingame gold.. All the real money again is ingame cosmetics.

You can form alliances with other ships on the sea, but sadly if you have a ship and your friend has a ship, you cannot join each others server.. Which is really crappy, but I understand because otherwise servers would be over-run by teams... Which does happen with server alliances... Time consuming to setup, but can work!

An alliance is when both teams put their flag up, you both join and let's say YOU cash in a chest, you get 100% of the gold, your alliance gets a share, like 50%... Same thing their end, THEY cash in, they get 100% and you get 50%... It's a good way for rep and gold with alliances... The more you have, the more you get

There is so much I can say on store here for SoT but you really have to hop in, look, YouTube videos and see for yourself.

The game involves getting missions, sailing, exploring, looting, pillaging, slaying, befriending, cashing in and repeating.

Would I recommend this game? 100% yes! I am a fan of Sea of thieves with Rare and what they've done here deserves recognition and now on Steam.
 

Menphues (Kyle)
2,376 products in account
34
121 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
173.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 8
I love this game, it's great, so much fun, even just doing PvE missions. However I recommend having friends, then it's way better, the random online boats you can join are mostly toxic idiots that want to ruin somebody else's day...

Oh and also, I really passionately hate this game... and regret the time I already have spent on sea...
Even tho it was mostly good times.

Will I spent more time on sea? F*ck yea :))

Will I recommend it to the person reading this (most likely nobody)? Hell yes!! Buy it!! (or get a friend to gift it to you, they'll most likely be like me and give it to you, because great game)
 

Solarem
56 products in account
8
62 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
64.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2021
Be me
Take edible before playing pretty sea game
Find box of plants on small island
Edibles hit in full force
Develop intense friendship to my box of plants
Pull into random outpost and see a galleon spawn
Talk to the nice folks about my plants
We bond over my box of plants and make friendship flag
Set sail for another island
Get sunk by reapers
Lost plants, I'm very sad
See galleon friends on the horizon giving chase to the reapers
I sit on that island fishing b/c I don't know how to get back to my boat
Fishing is hard
Fish more, see boat on the horizon
My friends came back to bring back my plants
Cry happy tears
 

Space
230 products in account
0
115 people found this review helpful
103 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
190.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 29, 2021
a ship destroyed and stole all of my **** after 6-7 hours of gameplay


11/10 would have my **** stolen again
 

BUM8YY
131 products in account
0
81 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
82.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2020
Enjoyable with friends :))
 

Frost
127 products in account
2
183 people found this review helpful
193 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
8.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 6
sea of romanians
 

gme
66 products in account
0
167 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
286.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2021
It's really fun it's just pvp feels unfair cause I'm in a sloop and then I get attacked by a four man crew Galleon and it just ruins the fun but other than that it's loads of fun and there are so many things to do.
 

Whisper
40 products in account
0
117 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
188.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2021
booty
 

l a e t i
107 products in account
0
218 people found this review helpful
72 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
169.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2021
piramte
 

HarrietJonesMP
38 products in account
0
116 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
138.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2021
After several hours you finally have a big laod of chests onboard, then suddenly a kraken attacks your ship! after a tedious battle you manage to escape, only to be attacked by other players. Then after a lengthy battle of wit you find yourself on a island where you can sell all your precious loot! Then, do it all again with new random encounters.

Sea of thieves is a first=person pirate adventure game where you can do whatever you like. The game looks goofy but the water looks amazing. The gameplay is very varied and it is lots of fun with other people to play. I definitiely reccommend this game.
 

[PPTS] Janegak
770 products in account
4
75 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 22

Recommended
119.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2020
At first I thought this game was not going to be my type, but i was wrong.
After 30 or so hours it has become my go to game for every day to have fun and relax.
You can never know what will derail the next adventure, a wild Kraken spawn, a Galleon controlled by other people sailing your way. Unlike other games, there is not a strong narrative (or by this time I didn’t discovered it). Most of the good memories comes from the experiences the random unpredictable funny yet chaotic nature of the game provides you.
Just to outline a few positives and negatives:

The negatives:
Awkward to invite friends (have to use the xbox comapnaion app) one time only.
If you log out all the stuff you were carrying (cannon balls, chest) de-spawns/vanishes.
There are some micro transaction in the game.
Character creation is more like choose one of the less ugly random character generated or reroll the dice.

The positives:
The water looks beautiful
Nice amount of player character, equipment and ship customisation
Cosmetic only affect looks, but not stats.
If you play with a party each member can individually change the cosmetic on the various ship parts that is visible for everyone.
There are not many other players on the server, but most encounters are memorable.
No place is safe from other players.
Each ship class has a different set of advantages and dissadvantages

Tipps and advice: If you decide to buy the game I would advise to get a friend with you, and beware of other ships and crews everyone can sell your loot, and so can you if you can sink their ship.
 

Emma Stone Walls
291 products in account
0
79 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
205.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
Its come a LONG way since day 1, glad Rare stuck to it and made this an amazing game
 

RupertsRupees
361 products in account
0
1,241 people found this review helpful
1,666 people found this review funny 211

Not Recommended
6.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2020
Fun with friends which I dont have
 

Tachibana
58 products in account
0
223 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
739.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 7, 2020
I love this game and it makes me a little upset to see some people complaining about the PvP system.
Here is my take on it after around 350 hours of gametime.

Read the title of this game carefully before you buy it.
It is called "Sea of Thieves".
It is NOT called "Sea of Friends".
Nor is it called "Sea of Privacy".
Thieves.

It is a game where PvP is always enabled with no way of turning it off or playing on a private server.

Have I been killed by other players? Yes, many times.
Has loot been stolen from me after I spent hours collecting it? Yes.
Have people tricked me into going into an alliance with them and then backstabbing me later? Yes.
Are some people super aggressive and will attack anyone they see on sight? Absolutely.
Have I met awesome people who has given me memorable experiences? Many.
Would the game die if there were PvE servers? Without a doubt.


The game needs a balance of PvE and PvP players, or else it would not work.
The PvE players need to have a threat out there on the waters that keeps them alert and makes them do more than swing their swords at skeletons all day.

And the PvP players need PvE players because there is no point in fighting a ship and sinking them if there is no loot reward at the end.

There are many things you can do to avoid PvP.
If you are on the smallest boat and the enemy is in one of the larger boats, sail against the wind with your sails facing forward, that way it is impossible for them to catch up. It's called "Dummy sails" and it's very useful to know about.
Always keep an eye out for boats that could be coming your way.
Never park with your anchor down. That way you can just drop sails and leave as soon as you see trouble coming.
Park smart. You can use a lot of islands as cover if you park correctly.
Just to name a few.

If you don't give up after defeat, but keep on trying, eventually you will be able to outmaneuver and fight off the attackers. Maybe at that point you even get a taste of the forbidden fruit and decide to go attack some ships yourself?

If you are absolutely hellbent on only doing PvE content and do not want to engage in any kind of PvP, then the sea of thieves is not the place for you.

EDIT: Someone commented on my profile that I only had 0,2 hours in the game when I wrote this review, and not 350.
The game has been out for years on the microsoft store which is where I have played it. Ignore my steam playtime, and look at my achievements if you doubt me.
 

Doggo
2,350 products in account
9
108 people found this review helpful
208 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
25.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2020
This game has taught me that the #1 way to survive a shark attack is to eat several bananas while they're biting you.
 

HeXaGoN
438 products in account
2
119 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
2,726.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2021
This game has its ups and downs but its a amazing game
 

Master Dr. of the Big Game Hunt
910 products in account
0
195 people found this review helpful
413 people found this review funny 52

Recommended
184.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 13, 2021
A pirate walks into a bar with a big ships wheel down his pants. The bartender says, “Excuse me, sir, but do you know you have a ship’s wheel down the front of your pants? The pirate replies, “Aaargh, it’s driving me nuts!!”
 

Mr Shmitler
87 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
14.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 15, 2021
Excellent game. The only progression is your own knowledge. Everything else is cosmetic. As such, it inherently just works. They made the right things annoying(checking the map for islands, using the wheel, angling the sails, raising/lowering the sails, dropping anchor, firing the cannon at your enemies/etc. These things need attending to all the time so you will have people running all over your ship. The water also looks absolutely amazing.
Later in the game when you get your ship looking super awesome and have your pirate looking like how you want, its very satisfying and feels good. It still sucks to lose your ship but its never due to fighting an OP player. The alliance system is also super nice for sharing rewards without any cost to yourself. It is a great experience and I'm a huge fan.
 

Mazzle Dazzle
2,214 products in account
0
333 people found this review helpful
187 people found this review funny 45

Recommended
561.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2021
What will we do with a drunken sailor?
What will we do with a drunken sailor?
What will we do with a drunken sailor?
Early in the mornin'

Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the mornin'

Shave his belly with a rusty razor
Shave his belly with a rusty razor
Shave his belly with a rusty razor
Early in the mornin'

Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the mornin'

Put him in a long boat 'til he's sober
Put him in a long boat 'til he's sober
Put him in a long boat 'til he's sober
Early in the mornin'

Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the mornin'

Stick him in the scupper with a hosepipe on him
Stick him in the scupper with a hosepipe on him
Stick him in the scupper with a hosepipe on him
Early in the mornin'

Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the mornin'

Put him in the bed with the captain's daughter
Put him in the bed with the captain's daughter
Put him in the bed with the captain's daughter
Early in the mornin'

Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the mornin'

That's what we do with a drunken sailor
That's what we do with a drunken sailor
That's what we do with a drunken sailor
Early in the mornin'

Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the mornin'

Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Way hay and up she rises
Early in the mornin'
 

Paytron
89 products in account
5
122 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
1,294.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 20
Sea of Thieves is a multiplayer, online, pirate game. Here you can experience some game elements, played by me on best graphical settings and some info about how long could you be busy with the game, but this review include also a written summary and information about this game, so keep on reading:

YouTube™ Video: SEA OF THIEVES 100%! 100TH LEGEND OF THE VEIL SOLO | SOLO VEIL VOYAGE EASILY! | VEIL SEEKER SOLO 
Views: 859
0:00 Legend of the veil Fort stage solo 12:34 some insights about 100percent SoT Direct link to the store page of the game: https://store.steampowered.com/app/1172620/curator_clanid=30168383 Expected...


PvP?

I don't think the PVP side of any game needs to be presented. Übermensch people fighting and cursing eachother. Many of them cheat, of course, because they don't want anyone to beat them. And if they don't use similar software that shows their criminal mentality, 3-4 players go against one. Because it's cool :-D

Yes, you can be attacked by that many, as this is more of a team vs team game, not an all against all PVP type game. There are 3 ship types to choose from, which can have 1-4 players depending on the ship class. You can't change ships during the game and there are 5-6 ships per server. This sometimes changes from season to season, currently 5.

So let's jump into what the real content of the game is. Because there is a lot to discover.

There is PvE content too… A LOT

From the very beginning of the game, you'll be enchanted by the beautiful ocean that the game developers have created in this world. A wonderful and spectacular Caribbean world with sky blue ocean, palm trees and beautiful islands. Unfortunately, these islands are lifeless. Unless you count the local fauna. These animals can be trapped and sold, but the problem is that they are not exactly the exotic animals you might expect to find in a place like this. Pigs, chickens... well, the presence of snakes seems appropriate. There is a slight sense of lack, that the local animals aren’t more exotic.

And why is the game “lifeless”? Skeletons, phantoms, ghosts, all manner of otherworldly creatures plague the player's life. Sometimes you have to hunt them, sometimes they come to you when you're looking for buried treasure. Of course, this applies mostly to this archipelagic world.

In contrast, the seas are full of life. There are lots of different fish to be caught, so in the Sea of Thieves, every single day is a nice day for fishing, ain't it? Sharks, megalodons and even the kraken can make your life miserable on the seas. Of course, death is present here too, with skeletons and ghost ships roaming the seas in an attempt to destroy the living.

If you're attracted to trading, you can find your own fun in the game. Yes, there's a way to do that if you're a masochist:-D But if you prefer... well, you can just pack your crates and move them from one place to another.

The game is also rich in lore, as you can play through about 20 so-called Tall Tales that tell the story of the game, including a few featuring Jack Sparrow himself, and thankfully, without Mera :-D

But this is just a taste of the adventures that await you. Sunken ships and cities, ghost fleets, legendary boss fights, skeleton fortresses, ghost strongholds and a whole host of perils await you in the sea of thieves.

Toxic Community and cheaters, the bad part of the game

Well, yeah, this is a pirate game. The game has the same issue like every other PvPvE game. There is a lot of PvE content many-many new players want to explore, but the PvP-ers will arrive. Now if you would mention any request for a PvE server, you will face an incredible amount of hate and toxicity. The fact is, that just like in other similar games, the cool fakePvP players don’t want to fight other PvP hungry teams. Otherwise, the already removed arena would still exist. They just want to hunt: solo players, players who want to experience PvE, new players, and so on. Developers really should decide what kind of game this is. If they stick to PvP, then PvE should be simplified, so you don’t need to spend A LOT OF TIME for events, voyages, monster respawn should be decreased SIGNIFICANTLY (funny, when you try to find a marked spot for a treasure and already the 5th wave of skeletons/phantoms/sea crawlers spawning on you not letting to use your shovel a single time, or not funny?, hmmmmm).

Cheaters are also a big problem of the game. I actually not had many issues with them in the last few hundreds of hours, when just went now for achievement perfection, because i just needed voyage completions, etc., so I didn't carry loot with myself anymore. As they can see (according to some YT video) the ships, distances, players on those ships and all the loot too, they did not come for my empty ships. Which is actually quite funny, because if players are on the servers of a company, then cheating would be easy to be dealt with. It is all about willingness. I am not experiencing that Rare has too much willingness to solve this issue.

Conclusion

If you decide to purchase this game, together with some friends, then I am pretty sure you all will have some fun for a few dozen hours, while enjoying the best available sea graphics currently available in any of the games.

Visuals: 10/10. Best sea/ocean/water graphic you can find in any game…
Atmosphere: 10/10. Ahoy Pirates!
Amount of crash: None.
Bugs: Big game, so sometimes bugs happen. It happened one time that an achievement on steam and xbox was not unlocked. They will unlock eventually, or if not support will trigger the unlocking mechanism on your account (if you make the screenshot for them about your unlocked ingame commendation) and you will get it upon your next launch of the game.

Hey, I am an achievement hunter!

How to perfect?: Play the game a lot:-D Well, seriously, you will need to grind a lot.
Perfection Difficulty: 9/10. Mainly time consuming. Some games require hand dexterity, reaction, or good strategical thinking to perfect. Some, like this, required dedication and patience, and I could call those as some “skill” too, so this difficulty rating is based on that.
100% time: ~1300h+

If you like to earn achievements, but in enjoyable, fun and entertaining games, then please follow my Average Achievement Hunter curator or just check out our curated games if you looking for some gaming tips:-) Thanks
 

Csontzuzo
5,136 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
68.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2021
Its quite a fun and quality game but beware if you play solo you will be at a big disadvantage in pvp, people will happily take advantage of that and there isn't much you can do but sail away. I suggest the game if you have friends that can join since it is quite fun and interesting but for all solo players this probably isn't the game for you.
 

CPL. Quade
130 products in account
0
61 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
172.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2020
This is insane how good this game is with friends. Lots of challenges, events , missions , cooperate with other players etc. 5*
 

DrTechnoid
6,006 products in account
1
113 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
5.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 10, 2021
its great fun game with friends but dont buy it if u have windows 7 ( dont do my mistake )
 

Punished "Venom" Snake
1,954 products in account
0
244 people found this review helpful
118 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
22.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2020
boat go water
 

Tatima
13 products in account
11
73 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
295.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2021
Its a fun game especially with friends
 

Inst@ntDeToX
31 products in account
0
159 people found this review helpful
163 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
2,122.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 7
games decent
 

bowl of bacon
33 products in account
3
76 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
175.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 2
I'm fine...



While the ship is sinking, teammates are dying, other player naval boarding, and the pig are screaming.
 

J4m13aN
98 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
248.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 31
mmm boat
 

Thatch
17 products in account
3
42 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Recommended
1,540.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 27
Learn how to double gun, sword lunge, and start off solo slooping to get the best feel for the game, once you get a grasp of the core mechanics, you're a valuable asset to any crew that will take ya. Always go in with the mindset that you might lose everything, progress that might have took 3 or 4 hours all gone due to a sweaty Dark Adventurer crew, trust me it is going to happen to you. Then bounce back, set sail again, learn from your mistakes and you'll be the one pillaging and pirating everyone and everything on the server.
 

bapeyape
85 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Recommended
27.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 3, 2021
-Quick Review-
Sea of Thieves checks every box for everything I think you need in a pirate game... And then some! Story, Loot, Sword fighting, Ship sailing, Adventure, Mystery, Scoundrels, Shenanigan's, Stowaways, and the vast open seas!

-Detailed breakdown review-
Story: There is some story in Sea of Thieves, but the story isn't really my highlight. The short of it is you're a pirate trying to work your way up to greatness and find a lost Treasure.
When you first load up Sea of Thieves you set out on your "Maiden Voyage" where you learn the ropes of squash buckling in a safe environment away from other players.

Here you'll speak with a Pirate Captain Ghost, find a few lore items at a bonus, learn how to fight, heal, and sail. If you ever want to review the basics you can always do the Maiden Voyage again.

Upon the completion of the Maiden voyage, you could promptly decide you no longer care about the main story, and spend the rest of your time sailing the sea gathering treasure and selling it to the various vendors/factions in the various sea ports...

Or you can track down the "Tall tales", which are special specific missions that relate to the story in Sea of Thieves. The first chapter is called "The Shroudbreaker", you find this Quest book inside the tavern next to the shady looking guy at the back.


Sure would have been nice to have a propt that says "PRESS Q and E to flip through pages" -.- 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Atratzu


Gameplay: Before I get into the gameplay, let me just comment this game is BEAUTIFUL! I don't emphasize that enough when I talk about sea of thieves because I get settled into "Alright, let's do this!" mode. But one of the favorite things about Sea of Thieves is how absolutely stunning the waves are, the sounds of the ocean, the creaking of the ship, the little details in this game are so fantastic. I have high hopes that the style will age well and this game will be a joy to play for many many years to come!

Okay, Gameplay. I would Say there are two key modes in Sea of Thieves: 1) Pirate/First-person Mode. and 2) Ship/Nautical Mode. In a pirate game both elements are essential to create a game that people are going to want to play.

It took me a bit of stumbling over controls to get used to the key bindings for a lot of stuff, but to be fair you can rebind keys, or play with a controller. Your basics are still standard which is good, WASD to move, 1 for first weapon, 2 for secondary, 3 for food, etc. B or bucket (You're welcome, you'll need it!). There's a whole wheel+ of items available to you by pressing and holding down Q. Again... it takes a bit of getting used to, but you pick it up in no time!

Sailing is very pleasant too, there are three different vessels you sail in, you choose depending on your crew size. So you can't have 4 people on the smaller ship (Called a Sloop), You can have 2 people in a 'Sloop', 3 people in a 'Brigantine', or 4 people in a 'Galleon'.


I was over here trying to get an achievements by sailing into a storm at night with the lights off. 
A Screenshot of Sea of Thieves
By: Atratzu


There are four key things to know about sailing in Sea of thieves: 1) The Steering Wheel. 2) Raising and Lowering Sails. 3) Turning the sails to take advantage of wind direction. and 4 Where to drop the Anchor.

There's a great deal of depth in the Sea of Thieves mechanics. It's easy enough that anyone can pick it up and learn quickly. But it's tough enough to keep you interested and trying to improve and fine tune your sailing ability.

Sea of Thieves can be played all on your own by choosing "Closed Crew", or you can play with Randoms by selecting "Open Crew". You can also play with friends by inviting them to join you through the Xbox.

That is a small Caveat I have with Sea of Thieves: You need to link and play through your Xbox account. However this doesn't really phase me. it doubles my achievements so I'm okay with it... but for some that might add extra frustration.

One more Caveat I had is that when I first jumped into the game it was open microphone. You can toggle it off... but had my first game not been with a group I wouldn't have known my microphone was live. What if I said something embarrassing or was talking smack in private?!? I don't want to talk smack to someone's face unless I KNOW I'm saying it to their face.

Conclusion: You know it's pretty crazy that at the time I've written this review I've put in 25 hours into Sea of Thieves... I have 17% of the achievements... By my account I'm just barely getting started. Just like this review. We haven't touched on the reputation, the weapon skins, the instruments, the in game currency store (It's for more fancy cosmetics, don't worry, not an unfair advantage it's an Sea of Thieves is an equal pirating field), heck MOST of the achievements text are written in RHYME! WHO DOES THAT? I LOVE IT!!!

The thing that sells me the most of Sea of Thieves is the style and atmosphere. But the adventures I've already had are excellent. One time my brother got attacked by a snake. Another time we stole another players ship and sailed away with it, I could go on for longer about the stories. And that's EXACTLY what I wanted out of a Pirate game, the Player freedom to make our own journeys.

If you'd like more of a taste of Sea of Thieves, you're welcome to check out my Thoughts Video... It took a long time to record, and the intro and extra's took even longer to edit. @.@

Either way, hopefully this review was helpful, I hope to see you on the open seas! Or not... please don't take my stuff.

Unscripted Thoughts Video:

YouTube™ Video: My thoughts on Sea of Thieves 
Views: 77
Set sail on an adventure with Sea of Thieves with up to three other friends, or just by your lonesome... But it's dangerious to go alone... take this!
 

Atratzu
370 products in account
0
193 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
114.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2020
-Losing is fun-

Try not to let negative reviews talking about forced PvP sway you away from this near-masterpiece, while the PvP can be frustrating, it is some of the most dynamic and exciting PvP I've come across in a long time. Blow them to bits with cannons, repel boarders, shoot yourself out of a cannon and board them, drop their anchor, steal their rowboat full of loot and slink away into the night.

Yes, the PvP is unavoidable at times, but if you're paying attention to the horizon and keep situational awareness, you can certainly diminish your player interactions or avoid it completely. Yes, large crews prey on solo players, yes, you WILL lose your loot after gathering it, yes, you will have a total blast if you learn from the times you lost and turn that into victories.

I spent around 10 hours on a solo ship and the rest with friends/public crews. Here's how it boils down -
Solo - Incredibly atmospheric, high tension and excitement.
Public - Mixed bag, generally pretty good but can be awful as well.
Friends - Where this game shines, sailing a galleon efficiently is a nightmare, with 3 friends it's a breeze.

All in all, it's utterly beautiful, dynamic and fun. PVP ISN'T GOING ANYWHERE, embrace it, you will certainly lose, but it gives you the best stories, and really, isn't writing your own sea shanty what this is all about?
 

Jaycen
495 products in account
0
669 people found this review helpful
71 people found this review funny 83

Not Recommended
42.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2020
Sea of Thieves is overwhelmed with PvP at the moment. If you're planning on buying the game to enjoy its PvE content, you'll soon realize many players have played the game for so long they are only looking for PvP at this point. And they will lead you into a fight no matter what your intent is. They can't take no for an answer, so you will be insulted countless times just because you're here when they are. They will be very creative at making your experience terrible for their own enjoyment, it's pretty rare that they'll just take your loot (if any) then leave without pushing it further for 15+ minutes. Most likely they'll sink your ship and kill you repeatedly, even though it serves no purpose besides wasting your time. The community is toxic beyond belief and their "debate" over private servers is yet another proof.

The game itself is very immersive, with gorgeous graphics and ambiences, awesome characters & ships design, and most of the PvE content is enjoyable even in solo... It's not too casual yet not too hard, though you'll definitely need a good team to unlock what this game has to offer. Menus are confusing at first but you get used to them pretty quickly. To be honest I'd be 100% recommending this game if the players base was not so despicable. I've not met anyone friendly in 40+ hours of gameplay (and I truly mean NOT ONCE), despite what some people might say. I don't mind PvP every now and then but I despise toxic communities, and this one is the worst I've seen by far, over nearly 25 years of gaming. I cannot recommend this game to new players: mixing PvP and PvE together isn't a terrible idea, but right now people are playing this game as if it was just another team-based competitive FPS, and you can't really enjoy PvE with that many bullies and trolls around...

I've given this game a chance (twice), and I still enjoy its content and gameplay very much, yet I uninstalled it again and I'm considering asking for a refund because toxic players can't even understand when they're going too far. I feel like people are asking for private servers mostly to avoid toxic players at this point (not just for roleplay with rewards disabled), and I cannot blame them for asking that much. This shouldn't happen. What a shame for such an amazing game...

EDIT: Anyone complaining about toxic PvP players in their review are receiving tons of judgemental comments, which (again) proves how toxic this community is. Just browse through negative reviews (sometimes even positive ones) and see for yourself! Besides trolls and fake reviews this topic is present in almost every single review. The same guys that are bullying players in the game are finding cheap excuses for their toxic behavior in the comments around here. No good will ever come from such community until PvP is somehow restricted, and toxic players are effectively removed. I don't believe this is happening anytime soon, I've watched pro players streaming SoT ever since release and even though they're nearly unbeatable at the game, they're still annoyed by all these toxic behaviors. No online game should ever come to this!
 

ShmuPixel
712 products in account
0
304 people found this review helpful
52 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
65.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2021
pirates
 

omegamattman
180 products in account
5
66 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
42.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2021
Graphics are beautiful and gameplay is nice and casual fun. If you come into it hardcore, you would get burned after a few days but the fun is in the friend adventures
 

DoomRaiden
156 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
11.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 3
Sea of Thieves is a gorgeous, immensely immersive, and highly rewarding game. I am completely amazed at how it looked and felt. My friend and I played for hours, making our own epic adventure.

With that said, our fun came to an abrupt end when we finally finished our epic quest and were about to return to turn it in, after several hours of riddle ad puzzle solving. We hadn't see any other players all day and we both though that there were no other players in the mode we were playing. So a small group of jerks ruined 6 hours of hard work in 5 minutes. Do I recommend this game? Yes. But be aware that the game forces PvP on you and other players can steal all your quest items. We played for 6 hours and now we have to abandon the tale and start over.

In my personal opinion, forcing people to do pvp when they don't want to, when your game is 100% capable of providing quality content without said pvp, is complete trash. Rare did an amazing job with the game but their choice to not have pvp being opt-in makes this game a 7/10 instead of 10/10 for me.
 

Novendar
180 products in account
0
94 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
51.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 18
mmm bo at :)
 

UnreasonablyToasted
93 products in account
0
144 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
511.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 20
Amazing game. Would love to see a non-pvp server to be able to complete tall tales and such. Hard to solo with 2 year olds.
 

Ragnar
3 products in account
0
95 people found this review helpful
59 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
22.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2021
Pirates drink, me drink, me pirate
 

Ronald "Peek again" Reagan
176 products in account
0
335 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 26

Not Recommended
17.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 13, 2020
Product received for free

TLDR
Sea of Thieves can be a blast with friends, but you will likely find yourself getting bored with trying to complete the more challenging things in the game, due to the only reward being cosmetics for your character/ship. This game is really what you make it, and it is very hard to “make” fun without playing with a group of friends. Ultimately, I would not recommend people to buy Sea of Thieves unless you know you will have a group of friends that will commit to playing with you. Otherwise this game may just end up another game of the day within your friend group.

If you find yourself on the fence about Sea of Thieves, just bite the bullet and get the game pass (Windows Store) to decide if you will play a game like this long term.

In Depth
Sea of Thieves is an open world, multiplayer focused, pirate game by Rare. The game recently rereleased for steam; I played the game when it originally released alongside the PC version of the Xbox game pass, so this gives me a chance to see if the game has evolved in any major ways since I last played. It is fantastic to see “Microsoft Studio” games releasing outside the Microsoft store, even if it does seem to be much later than anyone would like.

Multiplayer seems to be the focus and draw for a game like Sea of Thieves. The world seems empty and hollow without seeing other players, friendly or otherwise, this discouraged solo play for me. It is sad to see a game like this be hindered by the multiplayer focus; This does just seem to be the byproduct of the games industry constantly pushing out unfinished games with the lure of “our players are the game”. I had a ton of fun while playing with friends, collecting loot from islands, playing sea shanties, fighting a kraken, or just sailing on the open ocean. Sadly, none of this really felt the same while playing by myself.

Visually, Sea of Thieves was surprising. The cartoonish aesthetic fits perfectly and I really couldn’t imagine this game without it. The character designs can seem a bit unpolished, but I think this just leans into the rough aspect of living on the open seas. The water physics are phenomenal and work as you would expect them to, no matter what you try. Sailing waves, swimming into a storm, or collecting floating loot, the water physics just work.

The major reason I couldn’t find myself getting engrossed is the lack of meaningful player progression. The main thing to work towards is cosmetic items and getting more missions to grind. There are a metric ton of cosmetic items to earn and while that is nice, the only difference from someone who has played the game for 1000 hours and someone like me with 20ish… is visuals. With cosmetics being the only player progression, you may expect there to be no in-game micro transactions, but sadly there are… more cosmetics.

-HiPFiRED

If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group: Follow Original Curator Group
 

★ ＨｉＰ - Ｆｉ
1,625 products in account
17
499 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 30

Not Recommended
248.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
**EDIT: Please read discussion in the comments below for a more complete view! There are others with very different opinions from me, and it would be helpful to see everyone's perspective!**

**EDIT: I am seeing a lot of comments with statements like "get gud" rather than continue to respond to those individually, I am included my comments/rebuttals at the bottom of the review.**

I love this game dearly HOWEVER there are some key issues that need to be ironed out, and I am torn on whether I would recommend. Your first 10-20 hours, like me, are going to be a dream. You'll grab some friends and start sailin' the seven seas and living your best pirate life. But, like me, eventually you are going to start noticing a vile, vile trend. The most experienced players in the game (which as the game gets older turn into a larger and large portion of the player base) all follow the same basic deeply frustrating tenets when it comes to naval battles. That is to say they don't. Instead, experienced players use a storied exploit to board your ship and spawn camp you until you either die or scuttle. In allowing for this play style to persist, RARE is preventing the central promise of the game to be fulfilled. We will never have the pitched epic sea battles of our dreams.


Regarding "get gud:"

"Hi Denso,
Thanks for reading! I was talking about the speed swimming trick with the sword dash. I know that it has become kind of enshrined within the community, so that many people don't view it as an exploit. However, almost all of the people who I have played with kinda feel like its an exploit. I hope this helps! I'd love to talk about this more. I know that my view on this can be a little contentious--especially because of how many of us in the community just use it like any other ability.

@chrispsthunder, I would agree with Denso, actually. Like I said in my review, it is honestly a really great game, but it just has some huge holes in the combat. Maybe you'll be able to look past it? I just feel as though the sea battles aren't what I need them to be, and I'm still looking for that.

-----------------------------------------------

Thank you everyone for the feedback!

I'm seeing a couple comments talking about how the sword dash is a feature, and that I just need to get better at repelling boarders. First off, thank you to Denso--I did not know this was a discussion the community had before. I tried google-ing it a little, but to be honest my research was not that thorough. So thanks!

I worry I may have misrepresented myself in my review. The sword dash trick is a part of what I feel to be a larger issue: the prevalence of boarding in the sea combat. Although boarding needs to be in the game, I feel like its too easy rn. As a result, most sea battles are spent dealing with people trying to climb onto the ship, and not maneuvering and firing cannons back and forth. A really easy fix for this that a friend of mind mentioned would be the ability to pull up ladders. That way if you wanted to board someone, you would actually have to cannon yourself onto the deck, or run up along side them to leap aboard.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

In conclusion: I understand if you feel the boardings are just another viable strategy, but for me personally (and I would imagine others) this detracts from the naval combat, as less time is spent on actual ship to ship combat, and when people do board, it feels less like a clutch maneuver and more run of the mill.
 

yetiwarlock
68 products in account
71
51 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
987.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2021
Definitely a very very fun game to play with friends and if you do get this game make sure you got a group to play with because it's a hell of a lot more fun with friends. I mostly just enjoy sailing around and chilling with friends. I've never had a bad time playing so I'd definitely recommenced it.

Update will for sure put 1K+ hours in this game
 

Dragon_ARK playing like a silver
169 products in account
0
100 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
712.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2020
Genre	Action-adventure game
Campaign	Yes But online only
Game length	N/A Only online
Difficulty modes	normal
Gamepedia Page	Link [seaofthieves.gamepedia.com]


Overview


Sea of ​​Thieves is one of the best multiplayer coop experience you can currently get. It highly depends on your crew, you and up to your 3 friends can join to have your own adventure. The beauty of this game is that it does not have any progress in developing your character. At first it may seem pretty repetitive and boring. There is no way to make your ship stronger, or character do more damage. This makes every encounter on the seas challenging. The only progress that you can make is by knowing the core mechanics better, and use them to your advantage. By smart managing your ship and using all variety of different cannonballs it is deffinietly possible to sink a 4 person galleon while flying 2 person sloop. The only things that you can buy for money are clothes and different skins to your weapons and equipment, but you won’t get any benefits by using endgame and rare varieties of this skins. You can look whatever you like fitting in many different sets of clothes not losing any stats. Game had a pretty rough start in 2018 by a lack of content but now Rare took a good care of their masterpiece by adding regularly new content and even new core mechanics such as fire. Rare is one of the most transparent and connected to community companies I’ve ever seen. They love their game and care about community. The updates are well thought out and makes changes that make me go back every time the new update is released. However this is not a game for everyone. Its mainly for people that have lots of free time to spare. Quick in-and-out voyages can become a long hours of traveling thru seas collenting more and more loot just to the point that other crew will decide to attack you and steal all the loot. Yes this game is PVP ONLY. That doesn’t necessarily mean that everyday you would find someone so desperate to kill you, that he will chase you thru all map and eventually get you in confrontation. BUT loosing your hard earned progress just a few minutes away from outpost in with u would cash in your loot is a part of the game. I literally have a THIEV word in the title so by setting sail be sure that you will eventually lose many thousands of cash by other players. It is in my opinion a great test whether you really like this game. If you would sail for like a 4/5 hours on duo sloop with your friend just to be downed by a galleon of reapers bones, and after a break to chill after this loss you would still want to play and maybe make up what your lost . Trust me you won’t regret.
 

༄།སLucιғεr།ཥ༄
634 products in account
6
54 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
311.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
Lots of content, an pretty fun to play with friends. Pirates life for me!
 

SpAzArDoUs
351 products in account
1
76 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
128.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 24
pocket crab



bottom text
 

Senator Steven Armstrong
142 products in account
2
1,336 people found this review helpful
117 people found this review funny 120

Not Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2021
This game is beautiful. It's fun to sail. It's fun to find treasure. But it doesn't really evolve much after the first 10 hours. All the islands are pretty much the same. The quests are all pretty much the same. And the cosmetic stuff is cool to work towards, but after a while even that gets less cool.

But the fatal flaw, and the reason I must down-thumb this game, is the PVP. OKAY OKAY I get it! It's a pirate game!

Yes.

But.

The system that governs PVP interactions is the problem, not the PVP itself. I'm not mad, I'm disenfranchised.

The way people get most pissed off about this game involves the following interaction over and over again:
Crew gets loot. Crew heads back to an outpost to sell loot. Crew gets attacked viciously and remorselessly by another crew that has absolutely nothing to lose by attacking them.

And that last part is why PVP does not work in this game. The attacking players have nothing to lose and everything to gain. And so they launch themselves fearlessly at the loot-laden ship, knowing that if they fail, well, they can just start over someplace else. The ship being attacked, however, is royally screwed. They not only have to start over from scratch, but they've lost the loot that may have taken them over an hour to attain. And therein lies the biggest dilemma with PVP.

A crew who manages to offload their loot at an outpost now has no incentive <b>not</b> to attack the next ship they see because they'll only win double. The other crew has everything to lose. Get unlucky more than twice, and you're going to feel the sting of regret every time you look at that sea-green icon on your dashboard.

So...no. I can't recommend it as is, unless you commit to either being merciless or overly cautious, or both. Sea of Thieves presents itself as a casual game but only rewards the "get gud" mentality. In my opinion, despite all the wonderful things it has going for it, this system breaks the game, and must be overhauled.

Thank you for listening to my TED Talk.
 

Panic
115 products in account
0
154 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
118.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2021
fish is cool
 

Fleckdum
215 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
80 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
91.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 21
I am horrible at this game
 

Bisexual Saul Goodman
47 products in account
0
52 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
78.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2021
I first got this game at the same time as my friend, when it was 50% off. We both played it together for a little, and were at first a little overwhelmed by how vast and intricate the objectives and mechanics were. We spawned in a cosy cavern lit with lanterns where we immediately discovered that you can get dangerously drunk. We spent our first 10 minutes in the game stumbling around the tavern as we kept filling our tankards, getting more and more tipsy with each pint. I highly recommend trying it if you get the game, its a lot of fun.

The aim of the game is to travel out onto the oceans in your pirate ship, doing quests, conquering other vessels, collecting hauls of gold and riches, and really doing whatever else you want. There is nothing you can buy that will provide you a competitive advantage for you in the game, so the gold you earn goes towards cosmetics for your ship, clothing for your pirate, and skins for your weapons and instruments(yes you can play hearty sea shanties to pass the time). The main way to tell if someone is experienced at the game or a noob, is by what they are wearing and if they have expensive cosmetics. Its a charming system in my opinion.

Their is however, a class that everyone is working towards, "Pirate Legend". This is the highest class of pirate, which you can obtain by getting level 50 emissary in three trading companies. Trading companies are different factions that you can represent, which give you quests that when completed, level you up in that faction. The different trading companies are the Gold Hoarders, the Merciant Alliance, the Reaper's Bones, Athena's Fortune, and the Order of Souls.

The map consists of a vast ocean, scattered with different islands, forts, and outposts. The pvp aspect of the game really got my attention. The exhilaration of exchanging cannon fire with other ships, boarding enemies' vessels and taking them out with your sword and gun, and stowing away in the shadows of the opponents' ships, waiting for the right time to pounce. Making sure to do all this while managing your own ship. Patching holes with planks of wood, bucketing water out of the bottom of the ship, putting out fire on deck, hoisting the sails and adjusting them to the direction of the wind, and steering the ship to get the perfect angle for cannon-fire. A cluster of tasks all at once, with loud noises all around and people yelling commands, it really immerses you and makes you feel like you're really there.

All in all, this game is a masterpiece of combat and adventure. One of the most enjoyable games I own. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants some good PVP, some amazing discovery, and some downright fun time with friends. Have fun sailing and watch out for the kraken. . .

 

Kohi
33 products in account
0
1,877 people found this review helpful
109 people found this review funny 793

Recommended
15.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 13
I am a 40 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single father to my Son, who is 13 now. My son got this game for Christmas in 2021 from his uncle, so we installed it on his computer and he started playing. By the end of the week he had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching YouTube. So I decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, picked my character and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my son closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories.
 

Dalaal Lama
277 products in account
0
53 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
151.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 22, 2021
good game with freinds not for solo

 

demon98
5 products in account
0
778 people found this review helpful
155 people found this review funny 71

Not Recommended
92.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 6, 2021
Absolutely amazing game with the most toxic pvp community possible. If you don't like the idea of being preyed on and hunted, then spawn camped and killed repeatedly for fun while enemy players chant lewd and violent mantras at you (I would have my account shut down if I repeated some of what's been said to me), then give this game a hard pass. And heaven forbid if you bring the issue up in discussions. You'll be eaten alive by people defending pvp as the holy grail of gaming and told you're an idiot who ought to play other games instead. You're not allowed to have opinions about pvp other than abject adoration. I'd love the game if not for the toxic community.

As it stands, the developers are pushing the pvp element harder and harder with each update so I've unfortunately lost interest in the game. I feel cheated and kinda wish I could get back those hours I spent along with my money. It's a pretty expensive game considering the number of trolls and people out to make you miserable.

I really really really wanted to like this game. It's got such beautiful animation and ambiance, I loved fighting the ghost/skeleton ships, exploring islands, fighting krakens and megaladons and doing the tall tales. I've just never had a single good encounter with other players in this game and considering it's a pvpve game, that's not a great sign.
 

ThePocketViking
86 products in account
0
97 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
83.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 6, 2021
big pirate go arghhhh
 

foxiasty
96 products in account
0
78 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
62.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 7
The greatest game I've ever played with my friends + The movie series of " jack sparrow " was the reason I bought the game
 

sila
387 products in account
0
103 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
6.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2020
You can play this game 24/7 without even getting slightly bored only if you have some bros and good friends to play with regularly. This game is a well balanced example of being adventurous and relaxing at the same time. Sea of Thieves is undoubtedly a masterpiece from Microsoft.
 

SoldierBoy14
338 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
305.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2021
AVERAGE SEA OF THIEVES PLAYER
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄⠀
 

Gustaw Kozichuj
143 products in account
1
138 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
617.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
I can thoroughly recommend Sea of Thieves, it's a unique and very beautiful game which allows you to enjoy the pirate life in so many different ways. Fancy a relaxing day's fishing, set off for some quiet backwater and fish to your heart's content. Want to rampage across the ocean looting and pillaging? Try Arena, or raise the Reaper's Mark. Enjoy questing and immersive storytelling? Set sail on the Tall Tales. Feel like something quirky? Spend a voyage completing commendations or the daily bounties. Grind to your heart's content with voyages from the different Trading Companies. The beauty of this game is that there is something for everyone and if you need to find a crew then set sail for the official discord, the forums or the affiliate fleets. Go out there and have fun with it!
Maiden Voyage is recommended.
Easy to learn, takes longer to master.
Fantastic community, heaps of community events, great streamers and wonderful support from the Development team at Rare.

Just to note, I've been playing this game for more than 2 years.
 

KittenyBunny
383 products in account
8
113 people found this review helpful
75 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
71.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 1
Before I played:
＼＼
　　 ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
　　　 <　⌒ヽ
　　　/ 　 へ＼
　　 /　　/　＼＼
　　 ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ
　　/　/
　 /　/|
　(　(ヽ
　|　|、＼
　| 丿 ＼ ⌒)
　| |　　) /
`ノ )　　Lﾉ
After I played:

／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ
/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　）　ヽ
/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ
/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／
丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/
　　 `ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ
　　　 丶 ￣ _人'彡)
 

Simwaa
189 products in account
0
857 people found this review helpful
64 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
1,950.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
The best Sandbox Adventure you'll ever play!
Sea of Thieves at it's core is and Adventure game, but it is up to you to craft the adventure. You are given an open canvas, a ship and the wind in your pixelated hair, and it is up to you to map out your voyage. A huge spanning world over 3 different Seas each with their own unique biomes. Trading factions will offer you gold for your deeds, and also commendations to change the look of your character and ship. The game also offers over 50 hours of storyline , as well as monthly updates that are constantly evolving both the world and the gameplay.

You want PVP? We got Yarrrr!
The adventure mode of the game offers organic PVP by default, but there is an Arena Mode that has recently been added that offers a battleground of 6 ships fightning over a point system that offers silver. The winning crew gets new ship cosmetics, gold and reputation in this somewhat new faction. It's swashbuckling fun!

You want Storyline?
A new storyline has been added and is constantly being updated. These stories are called "Tall Tales" and can be activated by NPC's around the world. The first story sets you on a course over 9 chapters to discover a land called the Shores of Gold. And the second story (which is still being evolved) has you uncovering the truth behind a new threat in the Seas. All these adventures take place in the Adventure game world where PVP is very active, so watch your horizon!

Sea of THIEVES
This is a PVP game, with PVE elements. But one thing that may put a lot of people off is the PVP element. Although PVP doesn't always happen (there is even an alliance system) it can, and WILL happen, you have to think like a pirate and always stay on your toes, there is no rules, just like real piracy.

Although my game time only shows a small amount, I have been playing this game for over 2000 hours on the MS Store version.


YouTube™ Video: THE GREATEST GAME OF OUR GENERATION // SEA OF THIEVES - A game that's actually a game. 
Views: 48,721
Sea of Thieves is by far one of the greatest games of our generation. It offers us a true gaming experience, and not a screen of stats with a game tagged on to it.


If you're thinking of purchasing, please check out my Youtube Channel which is exclusive Sea of Thieves content. And also my Twitch channel where I often give away in game cosmetics via Twitch Drops.
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/c/captainfalcore
Twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/captain_falcore
 

Captain Falcore
644 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
393.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 21
I am not going to lie, this game is a masterpiece. You can play solo or with friends, and the experience is overall great. The graphics are well optimized and stunning (especially the clear night sky), the sound design is fabulous, and the devs still continue to try and make this game even greater via their updates. Whether you are a casual gamer who plays few hours a week or a hardcore farmer ready to reach the skies, there is content for you.

However, tonight I had *another* bad experience with some players of this game. There is a company called "The Reaper's Bones", which goal is to fight and sink the boats that belong to the other trading companies. Well, after farming it for several hours, and dodging a "server hopper" (people hopping into a server and leaving instantly if there is no loot stacked onto a ship in order to go find it elsewhere), another one came to the server, chasing us while boasting "you are reaper, come fight us !", then sinking themselves in order to make us think that they left the server, and then coming to our boat, sinking it, and watching us die without even trying to steal and sell our loot.

The problem is that if they accepted our alliance offer, we both could have gained some precious coin instead of fighting to the death. The lore of this PvP faction serves as an excuse for these players to rapidly switch servers until they find a huge stack of loot that other players accumulated and to go sink them.

I already hear regular players reading this review and thinking "well why did you became a reaper if you didn't want to fight ?". My answer : there once was a PvP mode called "The Arena" where the only goal was to fight against the others. This mode was removed. Sea of Thieves then became a full PvPvE game with necessary farming to get those juicy cosmetics, especially in this specific "Reaper's Bones" PvP faction. And while these toxic players spam the excuse of a "PvP faction", I raise my right to do PvE in total tranquility.

Please devs, do something to prevent server hopping. I won't be playing this game for some time.
 

Machiavelli_5040
44 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
589.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2021
You know the sea has made you a pirate when one day you wake up and you're no longer the one yelling "Captain, there's a ship behind us, WHATEVERSHALLWEDO" but the maniac on the back ship practicing their crab dance on the bowsprit while the crew prepares for the first chain shot.
 

Unicornsquish
172 products in account
0
93 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
175.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 6, 2021
1/15 STORY
🔲 No story
🔲 Not main aspect
🔲 Bad story
✅ Average
🔲 Good
🔲 It'll replace your life

2/15 GAMEPLAY
🔲 Lifeless / static
🔲 Poor UI
🔲 Average
🔲 Good
✅ Excellent

3/15 DIFFICULTY
🔲 Playing asleep
🔲 Some brain usage
✅ Easy to learn / Hard to master
🔲 Difficult
🔲 Dark Souls

4/15 GRIND
🔲 Nothing to grind
✅ Isn't necessary to progress
🔲 Average grind level
🔲 Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks
🔲 Too much grind

5/15 GAME TIME / REPLAYABILITY
🔲 Long enough for a cup of coffee
🔲 Short
✅ Average
🔲 Long
🔲 To infinity and beyond

6/15 MULTIPLAYER
🔲 No multiplayer
🔲 Trashy servers
🔲 Some hiccups
✅ Smooth and pleasant experience
✅ Co-op
✅ PvP
✅ PvE

7/15 GRAPHICS
🔲 Stuck in the last century
🔲 Low Effort
🔲 Average
✅ Good
🔲 Reality 2.0

8/15 AUDIO
🔲 Earrape
🔲 Bad
🔲 Not too bad
✅ Good
🔲 Eargasm

9/15 AUDIENCE
🔲 Kids
🔲 Teens
🔲 Adults
✅ Everyone

10/15 PC REQUIREMENTS
🔲 Potato
✅ Decent
🔲 Fast
🔲 Rich boi
🔲 > NASA

11/15 PRICE
🔲 It's free!
🔲 Not recommended
🔲 Wait for sale
✅ Worth the price
🔲 Best investment ever done

12/15 FREQENT UPDATES
🔲 Abandoned
🔲 Last year
🔲 Once every year
✅ A couple per year
🔲 Every week

13/15 BUGS / CRASHES
🔲 None / Not discovered
✅ Minor bugs
🔲 Can get annoying
🔲 Frequent crashes
🔲 Complete mess

14/15 MISC
🔲 Steam Workshop
🔲 Steam Cloud
✅ Steam Trading Cards
✅ Steam Achievements
✅ Content for Steam Points Shop

15/15 VERDICT
✅ Recommended
🔲 Not recommended

CURATOR REVIEW
Rare's Sea of Thieves faced pretty rough winds – despite having broken sails. Two years later, roaming over the big sea with full-blown sails is a delightful and long-lasting experience.

By BE3dARt, 06.01.2021, Follow my curator page BE3dARt's Reviews: https://store.steampowered.com/curator/38840989/
 

Perytron
357 products in account
0
329 people found this review helpful
134 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 7, 2020
The game is great. The players are sad man-children with inferiority complexes they try to assuage by making life miserable for others. You think defeat is you getting killed, your ship sunk, and your loot stolen? Nah, that'd actually be fun. PvP here is a bunch of heavy breathing guys camping your respawn for an hour because they apparently have nothing better to do. And then there's the voice chat they will liberally make use of to verify that they are as useless in real life as they are in the game.

Despite all this I still recommend it. But you have to be keenly aware of what you're getting yourself into. Turn off all voice coms, and treat everyone that you do not personally know as if they were NPCs designed and programmed with the sole purpose of ruining your experience. The game then becomes a quite interesting effort of learning and exploring, while killing, dodging, and subverting the drooling morons that inhabit the world.

If you expect emergent gameplay and tense meetings on the high seas, you will be disappointed. That is not what this game is, despite what it is marketed as. Everyone you meet will attack you on sight no matter the situation. If you're on your ship they will sit around without sinking it and kill you every time you try to respawn. If you're in an outpost they will camp you until you log out. If there is anything, anything at all, they can do to make your time in game unpleasant, they *will* do it. And they will keep doing it.

Is that a good situation, that creates a healthy long term playerbase? Nah. But it is what it is, so get used to it and play accordingly. Or don't buy the game. Which is a very good choice as well. But if you attempt anything in between those two extremes you will have a bad time.
 

Ratley
324 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
222.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 10
made me kill my whole family. i love this game
 

StanDaScroungyBoy
27 products in account
0
110 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
1,930.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 9
If you are looking for adventure in this game, I definitely recommend this game to you.
But if you are looking for PvP, there are many better games out there.
 

✪ SHAH1N
90 products in account
7
91 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
96.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 13
Heh Booty
 

Fred232
71 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
93 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
79.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
That's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen.
 

lost
138 products in account
2
187 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
17.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2021
sea of thieve
 

YuukaZami
143 products in account
0
272 people found this review helpful
151 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
111.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 21
Time spent in game

50% murder

10% killing the Spanish

10% riding the Lean megalodon

20% looking for treasure

90% mic spamming

91% arson

20% KRAKENNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!

59% killing warden chi

70% AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

and 100% racist

10000000/10
 

rejka
28 products in account
0
54 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Recommended
51.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2020
Difficulty
Kinda hard if you don't know what you're doing

Graphics
Very original artistic direction!

Music
Amazing soundtrack and let's not forget you can create a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ band with your crew and all play at the same time!

Bugs
Minor bugs

Requirements
Average!

Price
Could be cheaper

it's definitely worth buying!
 

mrc
69 products in account
0
248 people found this review helpful
171 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
329.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 10
Product received for free

L + ratio + plundered + no wenches + ship sunken + you have scurvy + ziplined + kraken’d + died to siren queen multiple times + reaper’s bones member + can’t handle milk + cannoned + megalodon’d + get cannoned + no emissary + dogless + can’t loot reaper’s bones ships + no skins + no clothes + locked in brig + no crew + no blunderbuss + gunpowdered yourself + dropped full barrels + dropped villianous coral skull + no doubloons + no ancient coins + no gold + using eye of reach with no funny skin + screaming in proximity chat
 

Athena
328 products in account
0
57 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
64.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 24, 2020
Sea of Thieves is an online adventure game where players take on the role as lovable rogues traversing the mystical and eponymous Sea of Thieves, in search of treasure and glory. Gameplay is focused on taking on voyages for one of the many companies that have established themselves in the region, each with their own goals, emphasis, and mission style.

The Merchant’s Alliance wants to build a civilization in the Sea of Thieves, and to that end they task pirates with gathering resource parcels, herding animals into cages, and making deliveries.

Many crates for the Merchant’s Alliance have some gimmick associated with them to compensate for their missions being less adventurous than the others. Crates of plants need water, jumping with a crate of rum bottles can cause them to break, and pigs herded into cages need to be fed.

The Order of Souls is interested in the esoteric history of the Sea of Thieves, and wants to put the sea’s roaming skeletons to rest. The Order tasks pirates with hunting down skeletal captains who hide on islands and spawn in waves, or engage in battle with ghostly fleets that haunt larger islands.
 

Eng.Adel23
834 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
43.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 18
i lost everything, including my sanity...
 

Keji
37 products in account
0
180 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
199.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2021
GREAT GAME! but honestly lets be good pirates and don't attack solo players with a team....1vs1 is cool , 4vs 1...is not cool or fun! it's bullying
 

SadeghDark
139 products in account
16
33 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
155.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 30
You want another Co Op game?
You want adventure and secrets?
You want fun, random and somewhat challenging experience?
You want vibrant colors and really good atmosphere?

Well, search no more! This is the game for you and your crew!
Don't think the grind is boring or repetitive, there are so many random things to happen, not only from other players but world events too - Storms, krakens, megalodons, sirens, sharks and more!
Tons of cosmetics, emotes and GROG, drink - sing..or sink - it's up to you!
Steal them spoils!... or steal from other players -it's up to you!
Loot, challenges and adventure awaits you!

 

Rexizam
236 products in account
0
89 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
73.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2021
Gentlemen, my lady... You will always remember this as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow!
 

Jhin
468 products in account
1
233 people found this review helpful
108 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
6.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 14, 2020
arrg
 

tooski
144 products in account
0
39 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
113.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 27
chill w friends fun questes good commiunity (some players will melt u to the ground and abuse u) but the atmosphere man its perfect.
 

chairlessking
74 products in account
0
73 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
289.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2020
good game but not really worth 50 dollars
 

BigBear
20 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 5

Recommended
663.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2021
Hands down one of the most fun games I've ever played. I am not keen for PvP in this game because people tend to take it really seriously and smack-talk, but the PVE aspect is incredible. The graphics are breathtaking. The stories are super interesting. If you're new to this game, make sure to take a friend - the seas aren't too friendly. If you have the balls to weather the storms and assaults from other players, the rewards are many. Of the numerous games I've played in the past, there are only 3 that I can say are my "true loves," and SoT is one of them. Worth it!!!
 

Kattatonia
477 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
150.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2020
In 4 hours, me and my friends fought a kraken, 2 megalodons, a skeleton ship, Mr Mcmahon from the WWE as a skeleton boss, 2 enemy ships, and at the end we were chilling at an outpost selling our bounties when a group attacked us. We sank their ship took ALL of their loot and profited 7 hours of work in 10 minutes. WILL REPEAT AGAIN Definitely. Its not about the destination, its about the journey :). (don't know who said the quote)
 

Swarms
342 products in account
1
52 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
266.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2020
Super fun to play with Teammates! Love the Graphics, The design, everything about this game is cool. Our ship sunk, so we took our little row boat from one end of the map to the other and did a reapers chest quest successfully. We were being Eco Friendly. 10/10.
 

The HopelessGamer™
474 products in account
0
191 people found this review helpful
145 people found this review funny 67

Recommended
97.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
B O A T
 

CuKobold.ttv
112 products in account
0
98 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
116.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2020
its literally what the name says
 

MDE
599 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
1,793.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2021
61 and reliving all my childhood imagination adventures, arrrrrrrgh. Love it :)
Catch me if you can, dearies ... arrrrrgh

 

Eekhoring777
17 products in account
0
65 people found this review helpful
49 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
3,047.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2021
this game is like attaching two cattle prods to your nipples inside a bathtub full of clam chowder while your dog watches.

It is a rush, let me tell ya
 

LooseLemons
13 products in account
3
34 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 62

Recommended
383.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 4
Aboard a rocky pirate ship
In the middle of the sea
Are a funny group of pirates
Who are as useless as can be!

There's Pirate Jim
Who cannot swim,
Pirate Dave
Who's scared of waves,

Pirate Nick
Who gets sea-sick
Pirate Dale
Who cannot sail,

And Pirate Pete
With smelly feet.
The most useless bunch of pirates
You could ever wish to meet!
 

blyyu
79 products in account
4
61 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
16,420.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 28, 2020
Sea of Thieves caters to all types of players, from casual sailors who simply want to goof off with their friends, to steadfast Pirate Legends who live to hunt achievements and murder out their boats in the rarest skins available.

+ music and sound design
+ Hugely imaginative and expansive pirate world
+ Ship combat is intuitive
+ Rewards creative gameplay
+ Ship combat is intuitive
+ Countless customisation options
 

KooR
426 products in account
0
33 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 3

Recommended
258.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 7
Do you like the idea of sailing around a magical sea, alone or with up to 3 friends, and gathering treasure, sparring with mermaids, monsters and skeletons, defending your ship against megalodons and krakens, and most importantly, getting drawn into fights with other players? Then this will probably be up your alley.

Sea of Thieves is a PvP game wrapped in a PvE environment. The core idea behind it is to create varied experiences between players, with most else being there to facilitate that. Treasure is the driving force that keeps players sailing around, fighting skeleton ships, looting ancient vaults, and many other activities.
Other players doing the same thing or looking to steal your loot are the real variable, and keep you on your toes and looking over your shoulder.

You can go entire sessions just doing your thing to gather gold and never interact with other players, if you aren't looking for engagement. But inevitably, you will run into people that are, and aside from some fairly rare alliances and peaceful interactions, they will attack you and try to take your loot. This seems to be the eternal struggle in the Sea of Thieves community. Some players embrace PvP, and some just want the PvE experience, and would rather destroy themselves and sink their own loot than even try to defend their ship. I understand there aren't a lot of games out there that facilitate the kind of PvE sailing and loot gathering that Sea of Thieves does, but if this is purely what you are looking for and you are not interested in PvP at all, i'd say give this a pass. PvP is inevitable.

Progression wise, there are only cosmetics. Every player is on equal footing, the only thing seperating fresh newbies and 1000 hour veterans is skill and experience. Every weapon is unlocked from the start, and every player has to find or buy their own supplies like food to heal, wood to repair your ship, and cannonballs to fire. All the gold you end up hoarding is used to buy pirate clothing, sails, cannons, wheels, capstans, hull colours and figure heads. There are a bunch of achievements to unlock that give you access to even more cosmetics and player titles.

There are 3 different types of ship, the small Sloop for 1 or 2 players, the powerful but fragile Brigantine for up to 3 players, or the big lumbering Galleon for up to 4 players. Each has their strengths and weaknesses, and while having more players on your crew is an advantage, this will only count if your crew plays well together. 2 man Sloops sinking 4 man Galleons is a common occurrence when the Galleon crew is not very experienced, because in such situations the Galleon loses any advantage it has and becomes more of a burden to it's own crew.

If you decide to give this a go, maybe i'll run into you on the Sea of Thieves. I'll either be blasting cannonballs or fireworks!
 

Greaves
677 products in account
8
82 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
451.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
Product received for free

I have close to 3,000 hours in the game over the last year and a half. Very addicting. Tons of content. Fun, organic PvP. It has a steep learning curve, especially playing solo, but with time things become easier. I would suggest sailing with a friend if you're just starting out. If you're solo, please choose a sloop as your ship. Brigantines and Galleons are for larger crews and are too much for a new, solo player to handle.

You will be killed. Your ship will be sunk. You will probably want to give up. Don't. Stick with it and learn the game. Everyone who plays started the exact same way. It gets easier and if you can make it that far, you'll really begin to see the reason so many people love this game.

Highly recommended.
 

redeyezero
241 products in account
6
105 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
37.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2020
Trust me, I'm a pirate!

This game is great for people who want to lower their stress levels from competitive gaming or wind down before bed.

Favorite activity: Climb into the cannon and shoot yourself far far away.
 

☯ dreamer ☮
1,178 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
140.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2021
This game is slowly ruining my life. I can feel my sanity slowly being ripped from my grasp. I have only been playing this game for 4 days, and can't sleep. Everyday is the same thing, I wake up, turn on my pc, and load up Sea of Thieves.
 

Pegwig
82 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
61.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 7, 2020
Super fun game, challenging/Irritating to play solo.
 

C3PTOE
49 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
205.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2020
sea chanteys are essential
 

venom
125 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
289.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2021
i think pirates are sexy
 

Boochisnoo
46 products in account
0
115 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
22.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
set the damn sails, lads!
 

DOVAHKIIN
465 products in account
2
31 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
378.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2020
For all, who ever wanted to sail a sea (even as a child). Real feeling of a great adventure ahead.
 

Jew Saxe
355 products in account
1
452 people found this review helpful
48 people found this review funny 36

Not Recommended
670.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 1
Casual Players Beware

This game is not for you. Your gaming session is going to be at least a few hours. Depending on the other players in your server, you may have an unproductive and frustrating few hours. PVP is highly predatory and presents a serious impediment to casual, new, and ESPECIALLY solo players. Harassment and verbal abuse from other players abound. I recommend turning off the voice and chat options for younger gamers.

The game has a ton of PVE content from exploration to incredible world building and quest content. You could spend hundreds of hours alone on that portion of the game. For many players this a big draw and reminds me of my nights spent on Melee Island as Guybrush Threepwood. Even the pirate villages at night look like the islands of that famed franchise. Some of the shortcomings of the quest (Tall Tales) system could probably be fixed with a few tweaks like more frequent checkpoints and some way to disincentivize other players from targeting questers. Which brings me to this game's biggest issue:

PVP. New players, solo players, and PVE players are fodder for the PVP crowd. If you're a casual player with not much time to invest in a game AND you plan to play solo... I suggest avoiding this game.

The game has a bit of an identity crisis that I frankly think puts off both PVE and PVP players. From the PVP perspective: with only 4-5 ships per server it's hard to find other players to PVP. When you finally do come across someone, they often have no interest in a battle. This leads to PVP players attacking anyone they come across regardless of whether there's anything to be gained. Likewise, from the PVE perspective, constantly having your progress set back by a PVP attack can be frustrating. Because the world is large and travel between islands time consuming, you may lose hours of work.

Most players we encountered as new players were needlessly hostile. Only a few recognized that we were new and those encounters were very friendly. During some gaming sessions we found ourselves in a server with cool chill people who just wanted to go about their business questing and exploring. One person asked first before engaging in PVP. Those were really refreshing encounters but few and far between. Some people justify their behavior by screaming about how it's a pirate game and pirates were jerks so it's OK if they're jerks too. Pirates also had scurvy and syphilis... so... how serious are you about this piracy thing folks?
 

Caustic
315 products in account
0
37 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
102.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2021
Listen. I am a weenie when it comes to PVP. I will run screaming if I even catch a whiff of another player in most games, regardless of if I think they might be aggressive or not. But the atmosphere of this game, the game play loop and treasure hunting-- after 25 hours recorded by steam (+some more on xbox before i officially bought the game)... i'm inspired to only shake in my boots while fighting back! I only cry a little bit! :D I REALLY REALLY LIKE THIS GAME

banjos are my favorite instrument
 

skwishigrem
31 products in account
0
370 people found this review helpful
34 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,001.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
10/10 Best pirate game.
 

Kuula
398 products in account
4
363 people found this review helpful
261 people found this review funny 60

Recommended
371.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2021
⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀
⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆ is good
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆
⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆
⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠸⣼⡿
⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉
⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇buy it
⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
 

.
110 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
143.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2020
First Impression Review

Firstly, I feel that the 40$ price tag is fair. There's a lot to do in this game, it gets major event updates every month. I would recommend you buy it on sale or game pass to try it out. It's definitely worth trying in my opinion. The developer cares about the game and provides regular free updates. If you can play with friends, it's even better. I have been playing solo and I'm having blast. It takes an hour or two to get used to micromanaging as a solo player. It's absolutely playable as a solo player, I've had no problems playing on my own.

Rare honestly deserves the love they've gotten for this game. While it had a rocky start and it took them a while to bring all their vision to light, they promised continued support and development. They've been honest with us on every issue, not tried to sweep things that were genuinely game-breaking under the rug, and ran a few decisions past the players too.

In Conclusion, the game is excellent. Definitely worth buying if you have some money to spare. If you're on the fence about buying it, sign up for the Xbox Game Pass. This lets you get access to the entire library for a monthly fee, and has a two-week free trial. You can hop on board, cancel the subscription, get your two weeks in and make your decision then.
 

Satan Claus
1,279 products in account
1
249 people found this review helpful
289 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
74.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2020
Im drunk af rn
 

Tenma
121 products in account
13
26 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
43.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2021
I can finally become the Pirate King.
 

CrazyFoxer
93 products in account
0
64 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
251.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2020
Great game! Wish it was a little easier to play alone or have a just PvE mode.
 

Nightbear
35 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
30.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 19
I like ships,this game has ships 5/5
 

XEZWSTONTAFOSOU
83 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
16.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 28
sdee of theivveds
 

Oven Shortz
21 products in account
0
69 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 15

Recommended
520.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
One of the best pirate games there is out there , if not the best . If you feel like you need some pirate adventure I suggest you get this game :)
 

Electronic
90 products in account
3
38 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
Played since day one outside of Steam, an incredibly fun game if you have someone to play it with!

Which I don't

:((
 

Ambenir
752 products in account
0
100 people found this review helpful
63 people found this review funny 15

Not Recommended
268.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 21
they banned me for killing streamer: freyline
after she told me she was streaming :(
 

Drew P. Wiener #JackhammerBeamer
98 products in account
1
519 people found this review helpful
142 people found this review funny 69

Not Recommended
120.0 hrs on record
Posted: April 3
I really really love this game, but d*** is it toxic. Some nights just make me want to cry.... But the music, the art, the adventure... I wish it was more positive since it's so relaxing after a long day at work. And I love playing with my friends too! We have such a good time - until a reaper shows up and f***s us up. The game rewards being an negative a**h*** pirate and not an adventure loving pirate and it sucks.
 

FireWings26
215 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
499.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2021
Very FUN game!
Especially if you play it with the right people.
Great mixture of PVP, PVE and stories (even tho sometimes PVP can get annoying if your getting chased by Reapers for hourse for no loot at all).
I'd really recommend buying it (best probably if it is on SALE).
 

Kvikne
255 products in account
0
432 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 16

Not Recommended
40.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2021
It is a great game mechanically, but there isn't much to aspire to.
There's no real progression to be made, no new guns, no new equipment; you're just grinding for cosmetics.
 

St Chriss
93 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
273 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
52.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 7, 2020
better than sex, because during sex I get yelled at when i do my pirate voice.
 

LittleFroggy
767 products in account
3
34 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
67.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
Solid game, I hope they keep adding more raids and tall tales
 

Yiarl
191 products in account
0
81 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
24.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 17, 2021
Pirate game, me plunder, me kill, me sail, me likey.
 

Diagonaal
324 products in account
0
93 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
230.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2020
This game is actually amazing. Playing with friends and messing around makes this game multiple times better. We love to put the dog in the cannon and fire it :)
 

FunkyPigeon
1,337 products in account
7
369 people found this review helpful
261 people found this review funny 86

Recommended
2.3 hrs on record
Posted: January 19
Game is Awesome, look at The Booty I Got.
⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠘⡿⢛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⢻⣿⣿⠃⠸⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⠼⣛⣛⣭⢭⣟⣛⣛⣛⠿⠿⢆⡠⢿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠸⣿⣿⢣⢶⣟⣿⣖⣿⣷⣻⣮⡿⣽⣿⣻⣖⣶⣤⣭⡉⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⢹⠣⣛⣣⣭⣭⣭⣁⡛⠻⢽⣿⣿⣿⣿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣽⡧⡄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣌⡛⢿⣽⢘⣿⣷⣿⡻⠏⣛⣀⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⠙⡅⣿⠚⣡⣴⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄
⠄⠄⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⣱⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠣⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠑⣿⣮⣝⣛⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄
 

Maxed65Def
10 products in account
0
97 people found this review helpful
112 people found this review funny 37

Recommended
821.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2021
We're no strangers to this cove
You know the pirate code and so do I
A pile of treasure's what I'm thinking of
You wouldn't get this from any other pirate!
Never gonna brig you up
Never gonna let you drown
Never gonna sail around
And maroon you
Never gonna steal your eye
Never gonna not say aye
Never gonna sell your booty
For a doubloon
 

Lynx
363 products in account
0
493 people found this review helpful
68 people found this review funny 58

Not Recommended
112.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 16
If you're looking to engage purely in the PvE content in this game (which is amazing by the way), then you're in for a hard time, Rare seems set on forcing people into the PvP side of the game, which is weird because they want PvE to drive the PvP experience, but most PvPers just dunk on PvErs who can't fight back.

The fact they removed the arena mode for PvPers because of lack of use proves this. PvPers aren't looking for a good fight.

The PvP has little room for creativity and those who do engage in PvP are usually very experienced and will kill you and your ship in 20 seconds flat with no room for recovery.

You won't learn anything from the experience of being sunk as most PvPers are just looking to dunk on you and mock you as your ship sinks. I've encountered maybe 10-15 people who were nice and willing to teach me, the other hundreds were for the lack of a better word, a-holes.

You have to go to external sources to learn how to play the game effectively, the game is easy to learn, hard to master and suffers the issue of newer players being thrown in against extremely experienced players.

Just an awful frustrating experience that leaves you little room to improve.

This game could be so much more if they seperated the PvP and PvE experiences. The areas they built for the tall tales are amazing and the other more basic PvE content can bring a sense of wonder and excitement that you get from finding treasure, that is then cut short by some guy(s) sinking your ship because you weren't scanning the horizon for them every 20 seconds because you're fighting a skeleton that is literally on fire.

For the love of all that is holy, give the PvErs their own version of the game Rare and give the PvP experience more content and rewards and add some risk to losing your ship, especially if you don't carry treasure when you PvP.
 

Acemanveryspecial
109 products in account
0
221 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 18

Not Recommended
767.2 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2021
My thoughts after 700 hours (of hoping to see improvements, not Cpt. Jack Sparrow).

Btw, the review isn't about whether it was worth my money, but for other people to contemplate whether it's worth theirs. You should be so lucky that someone would dedicate the time to experience a game thoroughly and then write about it.

TL;DR - Following a fairly harsh review, I would still recommend to players looking for a few weeks worth of fun with friends. You might even enjoy it for longer. Don't expect a long lasting experience (even considering my hours played).


Sea of Thieves is entirely session based, meaning quest progression and resources you gathered won't follow you into your next session, aside from a couple dozen Tall Tales (story driven quests with checkpoints), and it's the reason this game will likely never get any in-depth content.

Every quest or world event has to be designed to fit within a reasonable period of time otherwise playing 1-2 hour sessions would be a waste. This means much of the game's content is rather shallow and inevitably repetitive. Think generic fetching and "kill x amount of mobs" type of quests. These are pretty much the only quests you get in Sea of Thieves. The boss fights are all damage sponges, the quests are simple and repetitive, and you spend half your time sailing from A to B with nothing to do but keep the steering wheel straight; ultimately everything you do feels like an unengaging grind despite being designed for somewhat brief gameplay sessions.

And what does this all serve? You earn gold and you unlock commendations. Gold that you can only spend on cosmetics, with commendations sometimes unlocking more cosmetics to purchase. Nothing you can do will alter your gameplay in any meaningful way, which is intended to balance a game where PvP is always present and unconstrained, and largely arbitrary (players will try to sink you with hardly any motive). You spend your time working towards whatever cosmetics you think looks nice, only to find that the best ones are likely available exclusively in the in-game store, completely undermining the core incentive to even play the game in the first place.

To further emphasize: Sea of Thieves follows the games as a service (GaaS) model which typically would mean financing the game in the long term with cosmetics, exclusive items, boosters, monthly subscriptions, DLC expansions, etc. But Sea of Thieves has none of those things (mostly because it can't), aside from cosmetics, which again, are undermined by also being the only form of progression in the game. This issue stems from the developers not creating any disincentives for PvP or giving players the tools to dissuade/disengage/bargain or anything. It's so often kill or flee on sight. Where are the player interactions that this game's entire premise is built upon? If you could unlock new gear, level up, or upgrade your ship, newer players would never be able to compete with veterans, because you cannot escape PvP however much you try. And no, PvE-only servers would just kill the game.

Sea of Thieves just isn't designed to be your main, primary game that you can play for years despite adopting the GaaS model. Fortunately, there's many things the developers could do to fix that (I just don't know if they have the budget/resources for it), though a Pirates of the Caribbean crossover is not one of those things. For new players the game provides a fun and novel experience, especially with friends, for like a couple of weeks. Once the veneer of novelty wears off you won't find any longevity or "end-game" content to keep you interested. So keep that in mind.
 

Dauceer
143 products in account
28
341 people found this review helpful
82 people found this review funny 17

Not Recommended
38.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2020
I love the atmosphere and content of the game, unfortunately the veteran community ruin the experience, often times acting in a rude manner, bullying new/inexperienced player.
Additionally, there is no option in game to avoid contact with the toxic players of the community.
As there are no 'safe areas' in the game, people can chase and attack you everywhere the world, can destroy your ship even when you have docked it to an outpost while you are not even on it, and are talking to an NPC to complete or take a quest.
 

Yorek
98 products in account
61
24 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
19.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 17
don't trust other ships
 

nico
138 products in account
0
48 people found this review helpful
45 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
116.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2020
I'm going to sell the loot I collected.

Megalodon : I'm going to end this man's whole career!
 

🆃
422 products in account
1
203 people found this review helpful
240 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
1,100.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 13, 2021
It's okay i guess
 

RachetGames
241 products in account
1
48 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
177.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2021
10/9... just because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ exploding skeletons! :D Very good coop game!
 

The Gamefather
270 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
329.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2020
Roar like a boar
 

wetc
204 products in account
2
30 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
46.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2020
Fun with Pirate Mates which I don't have.
Sea of Thieves offers the essential pirate experience,
from sailing and fighting to exploring and looting –
everything you need to live the pirate life and
become a legend in your own right.
I find sea of thieves is most fun with friends.
Which again I don't have. Trust me I'm a pirate!
 

Bolt-Action_Bloke
721 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
1,010.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 25
This game is amazing! Graphics are just gorgeous and can meet some great people in this game. Best part is you get to be a pirate and sail the seas and steal gold! Also, super fun playing with with friends xD
One thing that I do hate is running into toxic players but its to be expected to happen once in awhile in a game like this.
 

RossiCheeks
118 products in account
0
148 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
684.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 15
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄
 

Jacko
184 products in account
2
238 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 22

Not Recommended
133.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 16, 2021
Sorta fun with friends, but it's a real bummer alone when you get chased for 30 minutes by other players or sunk with a ship full of treasure that took you 4 hours to collect. There are tons of world events in the game, and virtually none of them are worth doing with less than 3-4 players because they all attract attention and 90% of the players on the server sailing with you just want to attack you on sight and grief you. There is a whole alliance system to join with other player ships, and it is virtually unused. The bread and butter of the game requires you to leave your ship to get treasure and solve puzzles/riddles, and there is nothing stopping another group of players from destroying your ship while you're out *playing the game and experiencing content*. Even if they don't kill YOU, you now have no way to transport the treasure you just collected and basically have to off yourself in order to respawn at your ship in a new location. Less and less I end a game session with a feeling of satisfaction and more and more feeling disappointed, angry, and with a bad taste in my mouth. Maybe this game isn't "for me" but in my opinion this is a relaxing, beautiful, and well designed game ruined by 12 year old trolls.
 

krhfulcher
40 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
98.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 6, 2021
Spent 6 hours on a voyage. Just when we were about to get the treasure our ship decided to perform a Tokyo drift and it sinked.
#featurenotabug

10/10 would drift again.

Jokes aside this game is really fun when you play with friends. Either you love it or you dont. Remember its Sea of "THEIVES". You might spend 6+ hours hoarding a ♥♥♥♥ ton of treasure chests ultimately to get attacked by an enemy ship and losing it all.
On the other hand you might also make friends with them and decide to spare their life if they sing you a song (totally not from my own experience :p)

It has some bugs, yes. However those are not very frequent and if anything those are hilarious.
Just dont play this game too seriously. Its a perfect game if you got some beer and just want to mess around with friends.
The game has no real "progression" in terms of levels. The progression is mainly in terms of cosmetic. To some its a major turn off, to me its a good thing since no one really has a big advantage for playing longer. (aside from the experience ofcourse)

What I really like about this game is, it seems really simple and not at all complicated. While thats true, the way you coordinate with your teammate and perform these simple tasks plays a huge role in determining how good of a pirate you are ^^
Its surprisingly complex

It has tons of content, you wont get bored easily. The only "boring" bit is sailing across the map. To me its not that bad tbh. I play music or just chitchat with friends to pass the time ^^

Oh and the fact that its set in a fantasy universe makes everything so much better ^^

(spoiler)



Happy Pirating ^^
(ps dont be a ♥♥♥♥, leave newbies alone)
 

The Owl Lady
347 products in account
3
44 people found this review helpful
76 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
131.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2020
*Sinks another pirate ship that tried to steal your booty*

"Gentlemen, you will always remember this as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Spa..."

*Gets attacked by Kraken*
 

Banana Jack
154 products in account
0
234 people found this review helpful
260 people found this review funny 40

Recommended
56.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 28, 2021
Sea of Thieves nuts fit in your mouth!
 

DriedCuhm
85 products in account
0
21 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
27.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 12
I search for banana. I obtain banana. I cook banana.

10/10
 

Egg
22 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
231.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2021
Very amazing game, full of angry kids, very fun
 

Jvirus
13 products in account
0
60 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
314.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
10/10 would get sucked and drowned by a kraken again
 

HELMASKO
180 products in account
1
50 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
24.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2021
I don't really like oceans IRL, but after playing this game for a decent amount of time now. I found myself enjoying the ocean more than i thought, The sound of Waves splashing, Friends trolling, Angry aussies makes me enjoy it alot. Not only that, the scenery is amazing it reminds me of your sister.

9/10 Worth the money!
 

riceturu.
89 products in account
2
31 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
266.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 9
Bring a tankard filled with grog

And join our merry mob

We're stumbling to the docks

And we are leaving land behind

For on a ship with sails

We'll ride upon the sea

We're counting you and me

Now one, two, three

For on the sea of thieves we sail as we please

Hunting for treasure again

For on the sea of thieves, we are all free

Be the pirate you want to be

Bring a tankard filled with beer

And become a privateer

Do whatever you want

We're leaving left behind

Hoist the sails, weigh anchor

Find a ship and flank her

We're taking all your loot

Including your boots

For on the sea of thieves we sail as we please

Hunting for treasure again

For on the sea of thieves, we are all free

Be the pirate you want to be

Bring a tankard filled with rum

Now our drinking has begun

We're all getting drunk

And we're leaving left behind

Scrabbling on to deck

And thinking "What the heck?"

Let's fire all our guns

Just for fun

For on the sea of thieves we sail as we please

Hunting for treasure again

For on the sea of thieves, we are all free

Be the pirate you want to be

For on the sea of thieves we sail as we please

Hunting for treasure again

For on the sea of thieves, we are all free

Be the pirate you want to be

Bring a tankard filled with wine

The crow's nest I'm assigned

"I don't know how to swim"

We're leaving left behind

"But I really don't know how to swim

So please don't push me in

For surely I will drown"

Man overboard

For on the sea of thieves we sail as we please

Hunting for treasure again

For on the sea of thieves, we are all free

Be the pirate you want to be

For on the sea of thieves we sail as we please

Hunting for treasure again

For on the sea of thieves, we are all free

Be the pirate you want to be

Be the pirate you want to be
 

Dr. Coomer
111 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
327.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2021
You see what you get: Pirates, arrg, booty and memes. This game's got a lot going on for these simple things about it.

If you're looking for adventuring and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around with friends or solo, fighting players anytime in real time and seeking for those sweet looking cosmetics and moneys you gather from booty hunting or sinking people or giant creatures - you've got yourself a great game here.

I don't play it too often, but there's a lot going on: events, player ships all around, "clans" that are emissaries that you level up and get more money from on higher risk for reward, a story and a giant map for your exploration needs.

This game looks slightly childish but it really has a big amount of detail and love put into it. People that play this game are pretty enthusiastic about pirating or roleplaying as them, memes and ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. It's all about finding ways to have fun or to relax to. You can do fishing, hunting monsters, questing, exploring islands, blasting people's boats to pieces or sink your own. There's a lot going on for how little it may sometimes feel when playing.

The waves... the waves are really pleasing to look at.

To conclude: must get, it's worth the cost. It keeps getting updates and you can hope for more to come as this game is kept alive. Enjoy the visuals, steering your ship into the sunset where a kraken waits for you. Fair warning: it "sucks".

Only thing that may be bad is inventory management about this game, but I don't think about it too much when there's ships to sink.
 

Frosty_Mentos
65 products in account
0
236 people found this review helpful
79 people found this review funny 18

Not Recommended
45.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2021
Unfortunately, I enjoy the quests and jobs, but I am new, and have one other to play with, and when you are chased down and sunk before you even begin your quest over and over it is not fun. Bully for all you bullies out there. I know it is part of the game, but it makes it no fun for noobs and prevents people from making any headway. It is not much of a challenge for you when you are a big well established group on a large ship chasing down little sloops. Just makes you look like a bunch of bullies.
 

elizabethiam
2 products in account
0
45 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
2,246.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2021
Amazing graphics. Great game to play on your own and extremely fun to play with friends. PVP and open world but if you want to sit back and relax that can be done too. This game has many things to do and we keep you busy, entertained and addicted. You will either make friends or wreak havoc on other player ships while traveling the Sea Of Thieves. I Highly recommend this game and you won't regret buying it :)
 

otg_goddess
191 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
125.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 14, 2020
Sea of Thieves had a rocky launch with barely any content in 2018. However, after the last big updates this is a hidden gem of games. First monthly major updates get the community going a lot tons of quests voyages and story-based adventures.

Sea of Thieves is about as free-form of an experience as you can get, which is both a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, you could probably spend close to a dozen hours having fun sailing around without ever realizing there is a proper campaign to follow. And that’s when I discovered that even though its free-roaming gameplay is enjoyable enough. And on the other hand, you can chase the campaign missions "Tall Tales" which includes lots of sailing, solving puzzles and fighting (since you are sailing a lot the chances that you are going to fight while sailing is very high).

Progression in Sea of Thieves, like its overall structure, is pretty loose. Rather than gaining experience points to level up a character, you increase your reputation with five different Companies by completing voyages, finishing Commendations (similar to achievements), or turning in specific items.

Almost everything you unlock is purely cosmetic. If you’ve got a good group of two or three friends to play with, it’s hard to find a game as entertaining as this one!

Final Verdict: 7.5/10
 

Ajvar The Boneless
217 products in account
3
361 people found this review helpful
97 people found this review funny 35

Not Recommended
6.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2020
I want to like Sea of Thieves, i really really do. The graphics and most of the game play are really fun, particularly some of the riddles you need to solve to dig up treasure. I also really enjoy the randomly roaming NPC skeleton ships. However I can't bring myself to keep this game installed. First off let me state that I appreciate that some people really enjoy PVP, and power to them! I fully encourage people who enjoy competing with other players to do so. Heck I even partake from time to time. However I HATE open pvp with a passion the burns like a sun and it sucks all the fun out of a game for me especially when I'm in the middle of solving the aforementioned riddles and my ship is robbed and sunk. Every. Single. Time. It is 100% not fun for me. If your into that I encourage you to get SoT as it is a very well made game but with no options for me to disable that aspect of the game it is a waste of time and effort for me to play it.
 

Leviathan
796 products in account
0
471 people found this review helpful
76 people found this review funny 42

Not Recommended
95.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2021
I love the scenery, the music, the quests and the gameplay, however, this game force you to pvp which make you unable to enjoy those. There isnt any mechanic to protect new player(baby pirates who cant handle a gun) against those kraken hunter/legendary pirate etc etc, and the community is so toxic they will kill you on sight even you show reluctant to fight back.
I stopped playing previously after felt sick of the environment, coming back for the interesting gameplay(also want to see whats in the update), feel like quitting again after being drowned a few times.
Yeah you may say I lack the skill to properly play this game as if PVP is the only element in this game(finding treasure solving riddle? pff), this game has so much potential and it is a shame that the force pvp mechanic draw back alot of new comer.
You can easily develop a mechanic to protect newbies or players who just want to sail peacefully( am fine with getting lesser rewards) and make higher reward for dangerous route(pvp allowed), but such a shame developer dont care about peaceful player. Like, you already made arena mode for those bloodthirsty MOFOs why dont you also cater those who just want to play peacefully?
Until then, wouldnt recommend this unless you love pvp/bullying, and most importantly you have another 3 friends to play with you. Solo or Duo? its a Shipwreck simulator for you.
 

菜POTATO
63 products in account
0
295 people found this review helpful
214 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
24.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2021
i JERK OF IN THE OCEAN
 

Sex Dictator
295 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
124.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 17, 2020
Fantastic game, amazing graphics. Especially fun with a group of friends.
 

Goosiest
53 products in account
0
272 people found this review helpful
76 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
36.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 2
Johnny Depp ez win against some crybaby mermaid girl
All hail to the our beloved pirate :' ))
 

Ginjō
575 products in account
9
46 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
131.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2020
Avast, ye scurvy dogs! Best Pirate Game ever made in the history of games, its much better with friends 10/10 would sail again
 

Juggernaut
332 products in account
0
163 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 23

Not Recommended
38.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 8
PvPers need the PvE folks to steal from.
PvE folks don't need the PvPers to have fun.
I won't be others source of fun at a loss of my own.
 

Sdrater
223 products in account
0
452 people found this review helpful
99 people found this review funny 65

Not Recommended
156.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 14
Honestly, If you are a solo or duo player, I wouldn't play until they implement private servers. The toxicity of this player base is worse than flint Michigan water. "Its sea of thieves not friends" comes to mind when I find myself complaining about my misfortune but there really is nothing more frustrating than wasting hours of my limited time weekly to be sank for no logical reason. If I've no protection against toxic players who wish nothing more than to see my sloop at the bottom of the ocean, regardless of loot, then its NOT "Sea of thieves" and it most certainly isn't "sea of Friends" so Its kinda just a "Sea of *ssholes" or "Sea of Brain-dead 5 year olds"...

Wanna try playing with randoms to increase your chances of not having your game session ruined and time wasted? sorry, we only got "Sea of Xbox kiddies breathing and screeching down their mics incessantly until you cant take it anymore"

I love the game and I love the mechanics, and at it's core I personally consider it a VERY good game. If you've got 3 other friends to play with, so you can run a galleon, then you wont have any problem enjoying it. As a solo or duo player though, there just isn't enough protection (besides being an *sshole myself) from players who's sole intent is to simply ruin others' play sessions.

RARE: Want me back for season 8? Private servers. Add more NPC faction ships to provide a PVE threat to certain areas of the map. Remember pirates of the Caribbean Online and how parts of the map were at war between Spanish, British, and French navies fighting. Give us something like that and it validates private servers with no PVP. For the love of flamebeard I just want to be left alone by: 5 year olds screaming nonsense, 2 psychotic girls screeching, some whacko who "forgot to take his meds", Athena griefers who won't even wait for you to finish the Veil quest.

Thats all, Thankyou

Edit: So it's been about a month since I posted this review and I wanted to leave a little update to extend my opinions on this game and some of the comments made here.

To those saying "git gud" / skill issue : I'm sorry I'm not you I guess, I simply don't have the time or will to focus on this game the same way that you do, I have other priorities. I enjoy the PVE elements and the threats that PVE provides. Is it easy? yes, thats why I asked for more PVE threats in my initial review. Much of the comments to this review ( and rightfully pointed out by others, thankyou ) are plain examples of the ignorance and toxicity so prevalent in the player-base.

I believe this game can be PVE AND PVP. I suppose I would propose a [OPEN PLAY] / [PRIVATE GROUP] option when starting your journey at game launch. Similar to Elite dangerous. Allowing those who feel PVP capable, or ready for some higher risk, to play freely as they would, and those who would like to play without other players intervening to do so alone. I literally do not see issue with this proposal and from what I've seen, people against this are typically so because it decreases the pool of lesser skilled players for them to easily prey upon. using Elite as an example, the community is pretty stable on this topic and sees little issue with the separation of its player-base in such a way as the game provides threats and risks in ways besides PVP.

I believe SOT is at a design-issue crossroads that It should have made a decision on long ago. PVE players are clearly frustrated by the strong push for PVP, both from the developers in the form of PVP adventures and world design ( reapers ) and other PVP players. This is a game that provides great PVE elements that very few other games out there are able to hone in on, some of these great PVE elements are CORE to the cycle of playing this game: digging up treasure, sailing a ship, freakin sea volcanoes!!. Meshing unavoidable PVP encounters with a vibrant and full PVE game-world with great PVE core elements makes enjoying certain core elements rather difficult when the REWARD is so easily removed ( all my treasure being sunk ). After all, we play games for the REWARD. The frustration around this issue will persist until RARE makes a decision and releases a statement on their intentions with PVP and private servers going forward.

The community instability and toxicity regarding important topics like this one and the way It treats this issue In-game and out of, along with the difficulties faced enjoying this games core elements while playing it, have devalued this game for me. That is why I do not recommend this game.
 

MidasMoon
72 products in account
75
811 people found this review helpful
361 people found this review funny 70

Recommended
90.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2021
⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀
⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆
⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆
⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠸⣼⡿
⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉
⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
 

H0Ss31N
1,245 products in account
2
68 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
137.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 4, 2020
i find it hard to understand why i can carry 10 effing cannon balls and only 5 pieces of food. that and the scurvy.
 

Platy✬✬
364 products in account
0
46 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
65.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2020
hello
 

eBay Scammer
164 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 7

Recommended
628.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 24
Ahoy mateys! This game is amazing. It's the ultimate pirate experience, and it's so much fun with friends! You can kill different enemies (skeletons, megaladons, krakens, world bosses) or take part in PVP against other crews. You can dig for treasure, solve riddles and relax by doing some fishing. Sometimes you'll lose all your loot, sometimes you'll make a fortune! Each session is different in Sea of Thieves and there's always something to do; there are lots of cosmetics to unlock (for your pirate and ship). The Tall Tale Adventures are really nice too; these are more story driven episodes that introduce you to the world's lore. The art style is lovely and the sound effects and music are out of this world... I love the creak of the wood and the Athena theme song. Buy this game... 11/10. You won't be disappointed.

PS we need an animation to swab the decks!
 

PinkRayne
200 products in account
0
71 people found this review helpful
63 people found this review funny 27

Recommended
117.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2020
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
We pillage plunder, we rifle and loot.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We kidnap and ravage and don't give a hoot.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
We extort and pilfer, we filch and sack.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Maraud and embezzle and even highjack.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
We kindle and char and in flame and ignite.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We burn up the city, we're really a fright.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We're rascals and scoundrels, we're villains and knaves.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We're devils and black sheep, we're really bad eggs.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We're beggars and blighters and ne'er do-well cads,
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Aye, but we're loved by our mommies and dads,
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
 

Chibbity
149 products in account
0
59 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
38.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 28, 2021
sail, die, lose loot, repeat. im good
 

Minibike
284 products in account
0
119 people found this review helpful
134 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
55.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 20
robbing stuff is fun, just like real life
 

chicken
64 products in account
0
44 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
35.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 8, 2020
20% pirating 80% fishin'
 

CHIEF KEEF
135 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
32.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2021
Who didn't want to be a pirate when they grew up? But seriously, the ocean graphics are incredible, the fishing is fun, the ship wrecks are totally my jam, and I've got a lot of friends that really love actually being pirates, stealing things and sinking ships. All around, awesome game.
 

Witchy_Momma_Tristynn
325 products in account
0
126 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 13

Not Recommended
256.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 17
TLDR Mandatory PVP game with terrible PVP mechanics. There are positives, but that overshadows everything. I want PVP, but the current mechanics make for terrible gameplay and overly incentivise toxic behaviour.

There is plenty of PVE content. And they keep adding more of it. And it's fun. But if you spend any decent amount of time on PVE, you WILL have to protect your hoard in PVP (which does NOT get updates). Which is fine, it's a pirate game. But 99% of the time it's some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with no loot, not even an emissary flag, who will attempt to steal your hard work. Your options are:
1) Run. You can't really get away unless they let you get away, but if you spend half an hour on nothing but helm and sails you might wear out their patience. Or they might literally follow you around the map forever. Not fun in the slightest.
2) Fight. The naval combat is actually pretty good, except that chainshot is broken as all hell. So of course it's everywhere. The other side of combat is people using overly-forgiving respawn mechanics to kamikaze their players onto your ship (firebombs, gunpowder, anchor, stealing supplies, respawn camping...). And player-on-player combat SUCKS. It's janky, clumsy, and the hitreg is awful. It's the kind of thing where if you enjoy it you can spend hours learning subtle tricks to become amazing at it, but if you hate it you will always be terrible. And it's extremely hard to get better, because you usually just die before you can get any experience.

So let's say you avoid the suicide bombings and excessive chainshot use, and actually win this hypothetical fight. What do you get? Nothing. Nothing at all. There is no reward, other than continued existence and the salty tears of your enemies.

Nowhere is safe. You cannot avoid other players. Even if you seem to make friends and form an alliance to give them free loot (they get an extra 50% of your sell value, for no effort), it takes literal seconds for them to sink your ship and take everything (because 100% is better than 50%). And they will, because people in this game have no concept of honour. It's a pirate game, after all.

There is no downside to being a toxic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, in fact it is usually beneficial. So instead of tense alliances where crews work together for a short time towards a shared goal and then either part ways or bring out the guns, it's always better to just shoot first and ask questions never. There is never a reason for teamwork, because everything is possible solo if you throw enough respawns at it. The only reason for ceasefire is to get in a better position to start shooting.

So what needs to change?
1) Rewards for killing antagonistic pirates. If I spend time defending my loot from leeches, I should get something out of it. My suggestion would be to automatically add some kind of Reaper/Bounty flag to the ship if they attack another player without provocation, as both a visual cue and combat incentive. Then if someone kills them they drop a broken flag similar to the emissary flags, except it can be sold to the main 3 companies instead of the Reapers. I would absolutely love for "Reaper Hunter" to be a feasible method of moneymaking, but at the very least I don't want most PVP fights to be a waste of my time.

2) IMO there needs to be a better Parley/ceasefire system than current alliances. Some way to create a formal agreement to not shoot each other (which an alliance should do automatically). It shouldn't STOP people from shooting each other, but in a kind of Pirate Code way severely disincentivise it. So if someone breaks a ceasefire at an outpost, the outpost opens fire. If they do it on the open sea (or get away from the outpost), they get some kind of bounty similar to suggestion 1 where other pirates are rewarded for bringing them down. So you end up with a risk/reward situation where betrayal is still always possible, but you have to decide if the cost is worth it.

3) Never going to happen because too many people would cry about it, but rework the damn PVP system. More punishing respawns to disincentivise suicide missions. Less one-shot-one-kill so that shooting first isn't the ONLY viable option. One chainshot hit completely removing manoeuvrability is stupid. When a ship is sunk, immediate server migration, none of this beyond-the-grave revenge.

4) There needs to be incentives for ships to work together, whether willingly or with a finger on the trigger the whole time. Alliances are vestigial because there is never a need for them, and 100% > 50%. More PVE content, but something that's actually hard enough that you may need more than one ship. (And no, "you need 5 people to summon the megalodon" doesn't count)

5) There needs to be a way to play the overly-grindy Tall Tales with no PVP at all. But only Tall Tales, no voyages. It's not about making money, it's because I don't want to add half an hour to the already boring-as-hell "storyline" every time I see another player. Especially when you're supposed to play through it FIVE TIMES for some reason.

I want GOOD PVP. I want tense, briefly-lived alliances where nobody trusts each other. I want to win fights by knowing I out-fought my opponent, not because my crew was better at kamikaze techniques. I want the tension of hesitantly trusting someone knowing it's probably going to end badly, without being dead the literal second I turn my back. I want to have to set up a trap for my "allies", rather than just winning because I fired the first shot. A small amount of trust elevates the tension, and makes betrayal that much more interesting. The current system does not allow for trust, and so completely removes any possibility for meaningful player interaction. The only way to survive is to murder on sight, which is just plain boring.
 

DarkPhoenix
183 products in account
0
36 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
239.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 10
I had 220 hours in Sea of Thieves with the Xbox Game Pass, before buying it outright on Steam.

I think it's great for what it is. Season 5 brought a lot of small, but generally positive improvements to the game, which I appreciated more than the Disney rollercoaster (in that it is on rails) which was A Pirate's Life. Storage Crates save so much time that I now buy one at the start of every session, fireworks are great, the new commendations are quite fun and I like that the burying treasure mechanic gives you a new way to play the game (hiding loot, instead of selling it at an outpost). The new shanties are pretty good too.

Pros:
- Very pretty;
- A fun time with friends;
- Commendations can give you little goals for your session, which seems to be a more satisfying way of playing then just going after booty;
- Once you've been playing a while, you have access to *such* a range of cosmetics, for your pirate and your ship.
- Currency is kind of meaningless, so you never *really* lose anything from sinking (apart from your time, of course).

Cons:
- Solo-slooping is fine, until you run into sweatlords... getting sunk by a crew of 2-4 players when you're on your own feels pretty bad;
- PvP quite often consists of another crew dropping your capstan, and then chain killing you or attacking you while you are away from your ship/selling loot;
- There seem to be fewer friendly interactions with other crews recently than before.
- At the core of it, the game is mostly fetch quests... you have to make your own fun to enjoy it.

Tips for dealing with SweatlordsTM:
- If they don't have voice chat, don't trust them;
- Don't let other crews on-board your ship, unless you are sure they are friendly;
- Gunpowder is probably more likely to sink you than anyone else.

So, in summary? I recommend it, play it with friends, don't be a SweatlordTM, practice your broadsides, drink grog, use your speaking trumpet, blunderbusses are lame, chunky bois 4 life.
 

Hrolfr Fylkir
309 products in account
0
144 people found this review helpful
146 people found this review funny 22

Not Recommended
1.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2021
i have no friends
 

Yeonjum
35 products in account
14
18 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
312.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 9
sea
 

HEAD20T
31 products in account
0
50 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
8.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2021
𝙎𝙚𝙖 𝙤𝙛 𝙏𝙝𝙞𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙨, 𝙘𝙖𝙣 𝙨𝙥𝙤𝙩 𝙖𝙡𝙡 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙨𝙝𝙖𝙧𝙠𝙨 & 𝙢𝙤𝙣𝙨𝙩𝙚𝙧'𝙨 𝙞𝙣 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙬𝙖𝙩𝙚𝙧𝙨~
 

fanta
1,431 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
44.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2021
me and my friends were playing this and got called f*ggots by a bunch of xbox love squeakers, but we were actually gay and also better at the game than them so we spent an entire hour terrorizing them while yelling "RUN FROM THE F*GGOTS BOYS"
 

carl ruins everything
124 products in account
0
19 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
50.4 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2020
Aesthetically pleasing but mechanically shallow and flawed.

If you have friends it can be a great time, if not then look elsewhere.

Progress is measured in cosmetics rather than new utilities or player capabilities.

Wait for a sale.
 

RedBear
122 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
426.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
لعبه ولا أروع
تخيل تصير قرصان في عالم مفتوح وتقدر تلعب مع 3 من اخوياك
وتبحر في هذا العالم الكبير
وانت تختار اسلوب لعبك
اذا تبغى قصة تقدر تلعب طور القصه
اذا تبغى تهجم على ناس تقدر تروح ماحد راح يوقفك
تبغى تحل الغاز وتحل اصعب المهمات برضو تقدر
العبه جدأ كبيره في المحتوى وانصح فيها
 

BBRgamer
568 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful 4

Recommended
142.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 10
The most important point: before buying this game, gather your squad.this is a game that you must play with your friends.(you can play solos or duo or trio but i dont recommend it cause its not fun.)
At first it seems a bit boring because you have to learn so many things.
But over time, you will realize how fascinating the game is and there are so many details to discover.😍🥰
 

Donyasoor
119 products in account
4
221 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 61

Recommended
230.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2020
❤ Audience ❤
☑ Beginner
☑ Casual Gamer
☑ Normal Gamer
☑ Expert

☼ Graphics ☼
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Fantastic

♬ Music ♬
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Fantastic

☠ Difficulty ☠
☐ Easy
☐ Average
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard
☐ Unfair

§ Bugs §
☐ Bugs destroy the game
☐ Lots of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing encountered

☯ Story ☯
☐ There is none
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

⚔ Gameplay ⚔
☐ Frustrating
☐ Sleepy
☐ Boring
☑ Fun
☑ Challenging

۞ Game time / Length ۞
☐ Really short (0 - 3 hours)
☐ Short (4 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours (10 - 20 hours) [if you focus on the main story]
☐ Long (40-60 hours) [if you complete everything]
☐ Very Long (61-100 hours)
☐ Extremely Long (101+ hours)
☑ Endless Replayability

$ Price / Quality $
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for Sale
☐ Don't buy
☐ Refund it if you can

⚠️ IN MY OPINION ⚠️
 

Original
181 products in account
3
71 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 8

Not Recommended
160.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2021
I will continue to play this game with friends, and I will continue to cautiously recommend it to other people. I really do enjoy the world, the story, and the way things generally handle and play out in Sea of Thieves. Amassing hoards of gold and doubloons and chests and gems and everything in between is great and satisfying, but the one extremely glaring side of the game that I'm having a really hard time getting over recently, is the PVP.

There's nothing that feels good about the PVP here. If you're a person who doesn't want to delve into how fight other players as efficient as possible, you pretty much just throw things at other people and hope they land and you end up on top. Swords have a 3 hit combo that only continues if you're hitting a player or a PVE enemy, and can get very frustrating very quickly when fighting another player, due to the ability to just spin around each other and keep swinging with no apparent movement speed penalty. The Eye of Reach (Sniper rifle) and pistol at least do as advertised, but have the drawback of not being able to precisely aim them due to a lack of a proper sight, which is fair honestly.

My biggest gripe comes from the reasoning behind engaging in PVP. Is it efficient? No. Is it personally fun and satisfying for me? Not at all. Why should I want to engage in PVP, aside from maybe getting some achievements or commendations (In-game achievements) done? Pretty much none. Even the faction that's supposed to be the bad guys has a limited number of scenarios in which you gain reputation for your emissary for sinking other ships. The important bits from the wiki:

Reaper's Bones Emissaries can gain Emissary Reputation in the following ways:
Picking up any Treasure for the first time; Stolen and Reaper's Bones Treasure will reward higher reputation
Placing any Treasure on your Ship for the first time; Stolen and Reaper's Bones Treasure will reward higher reputation
Killing other Emissary Player Pirates of any Company (gives reputation up to 3 times within 10 minutes)

Things that do not give Emissary Grade Reputation for Reaper's Bones Emissaries:
Killing Non-Emissary Ship Pirates
Sinking any Trading Company Emissary or Non-Emissary Ships (Reputation is given for picking up the Broken Emissary Flags instead)

Essentially what this means is while you're flying the Reaper's Bones emissary flag, collecting stolen treasures and putting them on your ship gets you rep, and killing other players that are flying any of the emissary flags can also give rep (but only 3 times within 10 minutes, so hardcore spawn camping is useless beyond a certain point.) The great thing is, since this faction is has its basis in PVP and stealing and such, you can see these ships on your map and what emissary grade they are with Reaper's Bones. I've used this plenty of times before to plan ahead and avoid people that could possibly pose a problem to whatever voyage I'm doing.

The issue with all of this? People don't care.

They won't fly the Reaper's Bones flag to benefit from killing you and turning in your broken emissary flag. They won't care if you even have an emissary flag, or even loot for that matter. There's a very unfortunate number of people that will roll up on you, rail your ship with no text or voice chat offered, and move on. Doesn't matter if you're minding your own business doing a tall tale, if you're a new player who is trying to get used to the game, or someone trying to teach a new player and introduce them. You'll sink all the same.

And this all hurts. I've had fantastical experiences with people in this game before, such as me and a friend meeting some dude and his wife, and we ended up doing multiple skull forts in an alliance, bantering with each other and chilling for about 2 hours before they decided to hop off. I've help people with tall tales, with their own voyages, with fighting krakens and megalodons and skeleton lords.

The cooperation with random people that you can experience is fantastical, but it's so harshly undermined by the dozen or so times I've invested an hour into a long voyage and been completely and utterly shut down despite offering alliances, handing over portions of my treasures, or even all of my treasures just so I can continue my voyage and finish it out in peace for the reputation and a fraction of the gold I would've normally gotten.

One of the things that's really harping on me as of late is trying to introduce my new and inexperienced friends to the might and magic of doing Fort of the Damned, going and getting all the flames of fate, working together and being amped up the entire time, then when we're a significant portion of the way through the boss, railing on him while he chomps down bananas, we hear two cannon shots as two of our masts go down. By the time we get down to our ship, two people are at the top of our ladders with their swords and pistols ready, stopping us from getting back on. One of my friends and I try and communicate through voice, through text, and get no response whatsoever. After all of us dying to the crew of mutes, I try and hop out of the ferry of the damned and back onto our ship, to see what they're up to and if they wanna talk this time. I immediately get blown away by one of the new Siren weapons, and multiple of them come to emote on me as I'm dead.

They went a bit further than some of my other experiences with mute PVPers with the BM and emoting, but this is not an uncommon experience. An immediate stop to your fun and your mood, just because other people could.

The vocal community continues to shoot themselves in the foot, insisting to new players that "This is 'Sea of Thieves' not 'Sea of Friends'" or "That's just how things go, if you can't handle it, go play something else", seemingly trying to ward them off. Rare has added and introduced far too much PVE content in that of original set of Tall Tales, the Pirates of the Caribbean Tall Tales, and their whole suite of 3 new types of PVE enemies to expect everyone to be happy with getting thrashed by relentless PVPers.

As much as I wish it was, this isn't a perfect world and you don't have those cool epic interactions of "uneasy alliances", you have people sailing their brand new ship back to the people that sunk them, and fighting again, and vice versa, getting stuck in this loop until either one crew loses the desire to continue fighting for the treasure, or the treasure is sold.

Sea of Thieves is an amazing game to play and vibe with friends on, chilling and shooting the ♥♥♥♥ between islands and voyages, and there isn't really another game that offers this to my knowledge. We like the sailing and lamenting about going into headwind again and getting struck by lightning and flying off the boat. We have a hard time wanting to launch the game and take our chances of running into another one of these crews. And that's a real bad ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling to have.
 

Advanst
645 products in account
4
30 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
68.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2021
Sea of Thieves is an enjoyable pirate theme multiplayer game with a great adventure and open world experience. A simple open world game where you set sail with your friends or strangers into the open sea full of mystery and danger, doing the quest and contract from hunting legendary loot to battle the group of ghost pirates.

The game is focus on PvP, where other players team can kill you and steal your loot, or attack you as they wish to do so at any moment, but while I don't like the PvP game myself, this game however, manage to balance both Co-op and PvP aspect well enough that I have fun with it rather than feel competitive or feel threatening all the time.

There is something unique about this system that make it different than many other PvP games. You can try your best to make friends and risk getting kill or suddenly become someone best friend at instant in this world full of backstabber and uncertain among the pirates. But hey, it name "Sea of Thieves" after all right? :P

Here are the quick list of what I love and also dislike in this Sea of Thieves.
What I love:

♥ Teamwork and Co-op element. Communication and teamwork is the key, and it wonderful to see people working together here

♥ Beautiful Open World. Warm sun and sea while still hold the mystery over the horizon.

♥ Treasure Hunting. Small puzzle and observation skill that feel reward when you found it.

♥ Educated Information. Basic sailing knowledge, problem solving and so on, I learn many things in this simple game.

♥ Cute Pets. Such a wonderful sight seeing them interact with you or act around you in a very cute way.


What I dislike:

- Ton of Unexplained Information. Lack of explanation in many element of the game.

- Limited Customization. Doesn't have much customization when it come to characters or a ship.

- You can shoot your pet into the sea with ship cannon, that is such a mean thing to do. :P


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sea of Thieves can be enjoy alone or with a group of friends. It is fun for everyone in all ages, and also a great game to be playing with family or friends. And don't worry, if you are alone, this game do have an option for you to join up with other people which is also can be fun online Co-op as well. I recommend it to anyone looking for an enjoyable online adventure experience. :D

Aye! Me matey lot of gold and booty. Come plunder the sea lads and lassies with me party!
 

Molly CA.
376 products in account
6
36 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
221.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 31, 2020
u need frends or u die to phat squid in sea and pie rats will kill u if no ally
 

Aviatrix
29 products in account
2
45 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
69.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2020
It's a very good game to play with friends, im much of a passive player so i dont like to atatck and destroy other ships or getting destroyed by others. But the game is toxic in a different way.
 

vo1dcj
848 products in account
2
156 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 21

Not Recommended
286.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 21
I cannot recommend this game to anyone as long as the dev will not have done something against server hoppers. These guys are just hoping from servers to servers until they find someone who has farmed for hours, and then they just sink the poor guy, steal their loot and that's all. Several hours of run ruined by 20 min of server hopping.
These same guys are the type of guys to spawnkill you in your ship just to humiliate you until you leave. If you give up your ship, you give up your loot, you lose, if you try to respawn you die, you lose, just pointless and annoying.
If you ever want to chill with your friends, this game could be nice... but it's not, not as long as the devs are allowing the kind of behaviour I described above. Play some pure PvE game meanwhile, maybe one day they will cure the community from its cancer.
 

Obnyr
466 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
542.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 6, 2021
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
We pillage plunder, we rifle and loot.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We kidnap and ravage and don't give a hoot.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
We extort and pilfer, we filch and sack.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Maraud and embezzle and even highjack.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
We kindle and char and in flame and ignite.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We burn up the city, we're really a fright.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We're rascals and scoundrels, we're villains and knaves.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We're devils and black sheep, we're really bad eggs.
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
We're beggars and blighters and ne'er do-well cads,
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Aye, but we're loved by our mommies and dads,
Stand up me hearties, yo ho.
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.

Looooove the game!
Just needs more collaboration among players lol.
 

Racoony
36 products in account
2
156 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 32

Recommended
45.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2020
A Pirate themed "Rust"

Sea of Thieves is a multiplayer game where you join a crew that's normally 3-4 players in size.

You do a variety of quests although the large majority are "Go to this island, dig on the X, get a treasure chest, and bring it back to sell" Every other crew is doing the exact same thing, so whether you attack other ships and steal their loot or you find loot yourself is up to you.

Keep in mind you can spend over an hour finding loot only to be attacked and lose it all in an instant *feels like Rust*

The Good:
+ Very social game, everyone is expected to talk in-game and communicate with one another
+ Cross-play between Xbox
+ Team-oriented and great fun co-op gameplay
+ BEAUTIFUL world, they did an absolutely wonderful job on creating an amazing sea with a variety of tides
+ Open world and somewhat of a "create your own adventure" as you and your crew set out at your own pace
+ The voyages (Quests) allow the players to figure things out on their own. I particularly like that it doesn't "hand-hold" the player when it comes to directions and figuring out what to do or where to find buried treasure. You actually have to map out your surroundings, use the compass to orientate yourself, and coordinate where your ship is going.
+ The ship battles are pretty fun, shooting cannon balls across the water trying to sink another ship before they sink you. Bailing out water, patching holes, etc. All in real-time with multiple people working together on your ship.
+ Interesting world events and more elaborate quests


The Bad:
- VERY Poor integration with Steam. You can NOT invite friends on steam to join you. You must use the "Xbox Companion App" and create an Xbox Live account and add friends.
- No in-game "friends-list" or messaging system. Again it just makes it very hard to add people or message people when its all done through Xbox and not through Steam.
- Can-be "Toxic" community. Sometimes a huge ship with a larger group of players will just circle around blowing up every ship it sees. Sometimes people will just hide out and wait at ports so when you come back to sell your stuff they ambush you and steal all your hard earned loot. (again like "Rust" you sometimes lose A LOT of progress, especially considering this game can take hours to gather loot and complete quests)
- The close-combat system is pretty lame, mainly just swinging a short sword willy-nilly hoping you hit them more than they hit you.
- To make things fair, the gold you earn is only used for cosmetic purchases. This leads to a feeling of "what's the point" or "why am I doing this?" I would have liked to have seen some sort of upgrade system or a more meaningful progression system,
- Microtransactions... On a $40 game....


Overall:
Definitely a great game to play with friends or other people who want more social interaction. Its the type of game where you can EASILY sink 4+ hours into in a single day and feel like time just flew by. The world is beautiful, and theres always a sense of danger with enemy players around which adds to the "thrill". I do think $40 is way too high for a game like this though, so I would recommend waiting for a sale.
 

GamingTaylor
15,081 products in account
15
57 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
81.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 31
As someone that really, REALLY enjoys the feeling of sailing through this vast open world, scavenging and learning about the stories it has to offer, I just can't in good conscience recommend this game to anyone. Yes, it came out on a deplorable state, but even after all these years the game still keeps a major flaw that nullifies every single enjoyment you can get out of the game: the PvPvE system.

There's quite a wide gap between the idea of "you can get into conflict at any moment" and the way it's executed through gameplay. There's more to gain from being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and assaulting a ship than *not* doing it, and that's the problem. The game has a plethora of PvE content and stories that involve moving pretty much across the whole map, so the chances of finding at least one player are pretty high. Now do you think they will just let you be or will they try to sink you simply cause they can? 9 out of 10 times it will be the later.

The enemy ship most likely doesn't care that you don't have anything, even if there's no point in killing you, they will do it simply cause there's nothing telling them they can't do it. The developer's vision of this game actively lets everyone and anyone engage in combat even if one of the parties doesn't agree or doesn't want to ever engage. And lemme tell you, absolutely do NOT come to this game expecting either a fun PvP experience or a rewarding PvE experience. Both of them suck. Fighting and shooting is not satisfying in a any way, and PvE gets ruined the moment someone wants to fight you until the edge of the map. So where does it leave the playerbase? The majority doing PvP are straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking to ruin everyone else's fun, and the people doing PvE are new/beginners trying the game out or getting the hang of it by doing whatever PvE mission they can and hoping someone doesn't gank them for no reason.

"But this is a pirate's game! Pirate's are supposed to fight and steal!" some people say, this is also a blatant stupidity based on media over the decades portraying pirates as nothing more than heartless thieves. Pirates had a code, alliances and rarely fought each other. But hey, if a few movies say they're always bad I guess it must be true.

Until the day Sea of Thieves gets a toggle for PvP or PvE servers, this is not an enjoyable experience for anyone except streamers looking to get reaction videos, nothing more.
 

Mizu
815 products in account
0
190 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
358.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
Product received for free

Amazing game, now that it isn't limited to the Microsoft store it's even better
 

Shrubmaster
201 products in account
0
827 people found this review helpful
196 people found this review funny 108

Not Recommended
4.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 25, 2020
I recommend you do a thorough amount of research on the game before making a purchase. It is not ideal if you are a solo player / lone wolf. It is designed for co-operative play, so if you don't have friends to play the game with or aren't interested in befriending randoms to join a crew, I would not suggest buying it. The premise seems fun, but... while there is a tutorial "maiden voyage" that teaches you the most basic of controls, you are pretty much thrown to the sharks beyond that. The controls (mainly, the use of the radial to select different items/equipment) is a bit awkward and the graphics are so-so. From my experience, the SoT player community is not very welcoming to new players. When you start a new adventure, you begin at a tavern on a random island within the game world. Three times in a row, my ship was destroyed/sunk/under attack before I even got to it without even really knowing what was happening. I got shouted and jeered at over the microphone by some kid yelling "GG! GG!" before I was in the game for 3 minutes. Maybe I just had bad luck and I'm soured at the experience, but as a mostly lone wolf player, my experience starting out in this game was disappointing. Sadly, while I was tabbed trying to read up on some guides/tutorials to get a better handle of the game, I went over the 2 hour played mark and am unable to get a refund... So, RIP to my $40 on a game I have zero intention of ever playing again.
 

RizzVicious
37 products in account
112
17 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
422.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2021
Currently the best pirate game on the market. Sea of Thieves managed to scratch that itch I've had for a while. I was looking for a game that allowed me to relax after work, but still engage me enough to get my adrenaline pumping. I truly understood that I am a 30+ year old who is jumping in a game mostly populated by people younger than myself. The guy I play with? A 13 y/o kid from America I dubbed "Battlesquirrel" for good reason. Screechy, high on energy, has the focus and memory of a squirrel. I freaking love it.

Sea of Thieves has an edge though not a lot of players will understand, or find confusing. Its you and your crew, versus 4 other boats versus the world. Most players won't bother you while you do quest, a few of them will attack anything that moves. There is no game-mode where this isn't the case. You will always play on servers that will host players that are out to get you. That is literally what you sign up for and if you play smart, you can outplay them. You can also take high risks, to earn high rewards, but again... people are out to get you, always. Meaning yes, you can play for 5 hours, get killed and lose everything you worked hard for, for 5 hours. If you can't stand that type of thrill, knowing you can lose it all, this game won't be for you. If you like fishing, killing skeletons and beating megalodons, without players trying to sink you, this game won't be for you.

So what keeps you motivated? The game doesn't have loot in the sense of hundreds of weapons. Everything evolves around skins that show what you have done and indirectly: how good you are. The damage from all weapons are the same as that of another player. This game is 100% skill. If you need lineair progression to feel motivated? This game will bore the hell out of you. Everything you "do" is to get skins. What you need to realize is you play this game - shocking - to have fun. No two runs will feel the same. And yes, there are leaderboards that reset periodically. Yet the "ultimate goal to become a Pirate Legend"? It's just skins, and a faction that combines the regular quests into a mix. That is it. You play for fun, and get rewarded with skins you will start to recognize on others. In some regard "you finished the true tutorial" once you hit Legend.

Equally, after release this game was very bare bones. Right now (Season 1 going into Season 2) the game feels very fleshed out. Three factions that focus on world events similar to a profession, a risky pvp faction that literally marks you on the map for everyone to see, find, or flee from. And a couple of other factions. The biggest selling point is that there won't be a single encounter with players that feels the same. And believe it or not, the game is actually balanced quite well knowing your strengths and accepting your weaknesses. Yes a 4 player 8 cannon Galleon can be beaten by a 2 player Sloop with 2 cannons. But if you go up against similarly skilled players the Galleon will be stronger in many situations. Managing to sink one in your tiny maneuverable little Sloop? Very, very memorable.

Right now the game knows 2 game-modes. Adventure and Arena. Arena are shorter fights with up to 4 other boats in which you fight other crews for points. The goal being to hit other boats for points, sink them to make them lose points, deliver a chest to a central dropping zone to get a large chunk of points. The goal being the boat with the most points when the timer ends. It truly teaches you to fight and sink other ships fast. Adventure is the main gamemode the game is all about. You get access to the entire worldmap and you share this world with (currently) 4 other boats. Everyone doing their own thing. Some fight skeleton ships, some fight forts, some are getting chased my giant megalodon sharks, some are out to hunt other players. 'Battlesquirl' and I are the latter, we actively look for fights, but we honor the code to leave beginners alone when we notice they are struggling to defend themselves. This gamemode allows for the most interaction and rarely feels repetitive. Playing for 5-8 hours in a row without sinking once, having sunk 10+ other ships. It's great. Until you meet that one pro-boat that server hop until they find a server with players like yourself and go straight for you, sink you and sell the loot you worked hard for for hours - by sinking others. #karma

So what are the downsides really? To start with, this game can be played Solo. But I wouldn't recommend it. Completely possible, but the game isn't designed for that type of playstyle. You earn less money and can't sell as fast. You are both the captain, cannoneer and repairman, and you cannot do all at once. Against any decent crew, you won't stand a chance, but it's not impossible. Another thing to remember is this game's adventure mode doesn't allow for short sessions. I'd say you need at least 3 hours of playtime to get a decent session. If you have a friend that wants to join you mid-game? That is troublesome because the loot on your boat isn't saved. It resets when you die, it resets when you log out. If you need to switch boats? You basically reset your progress. If you have a friend that leaves mid-adventure, you cannot downgrade ships without losing your progress. You only keep the money you earned by selling your loot.

Another point is a skill-gap you will notice once you start getting good. There are players that literally join-and-leave servers systematically until they find a server that hosts what they want to do. This cherry picking playstyle can be - and will feel - very unfair. Generally really good players that spawn, go in a straight line towards you, sink you, do, steal and/or finish the event you started, sell it and switch to another server. Server hoppers are a real thing, and even though I understand their arguments: it's an unfair pain in the pirate-cave. Major events like Fort of the Damned need a long time to prepare, you have this fun, but very long fight, only to find out a server-hopper waited on the edge for 30+ minutes doing nothing but wait until you finished it, to sink you, sell your loot and jump to the next server doing the same. There currently is no penalty for this join-and-leave behavior in the game. It makes your own triumphs feel hollow when you are literally wasting your time doing the work for others who don't even bother to invest some time into a server. I don't mind losing to good players that have been lurking our sea's for 2+ hours, I do mind if they only pick your server because of the event you are doing. It's Sea of Thieves, not Sea of Teleporting Universe Hoppers, who steal.

Baseline. Get this game if you want to play Pirate with lots of random events, memorable runs and a very high replayability. Don't get this game if you need to feel rewarded for every action you make. It's a true game, not an addiction machine made to keep you engaged.

 

Silverborn
331 products in account
4
415 people found this review helpful
72 people found this review funny 41

Not Recommended
19.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2021
I am really unsure whether I should recommend this game or not.

Pro:
-Awesome piratey atmosphere
-Sailing is a lot of fun, especially with friends, but also single
-Cool stories and exploration is fun

Con:
-Toxic Community
-You're killed on sight, no matter if you have loot, are friendly or mind your own business, then made fun of
-There are no PVE servers, not even safezones
-No Roleplay except with your friends

Me and my friends lost interest in this game fairly quickly. We wanted to enjoy the game, not constantly participate in some waterbased pvp-arena, in which one is forced to compete because of nonexisting pve-guidelines, therefore the perfect hunting grounds for toxic-pvp players. While merely learning the basics, we have been killed countless times and had to learn many things from youtube, because otherwise we wouldn't have been able to play the game at all.

@developers: I understand, that it's an important aspect in a pirate game to be able to freely murder and pillage, but why are there no safezones, at least where the traders are (almost every multiplayerbased game with pvp-elements has those or npc-guarded zones)? Please reconsider including more pve-friendly mechanics, maybe a pirates codex with rules, which are not optional to a certain degree or maybe an npc-based menace like the royal navy, where playergroups can join in a pirate alliance to take on npc-vessels. The game has a lot of potencial, sadly not so much for atmosphere-loving pve players. For now I therefore give this game no recommendation, because in the current state im not motivated to play it any further.
 

[Z]
179 products in account
93
617 people found this review helpful
97 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
Old player here, played for ~400h on xbox launcher.

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
☑️ Masterpiece

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful



~ PRICE ~

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
☑️ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
☑️ No ending

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
☑️ Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Yes
 

Korden W.
136 products in account
41
258 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 102

Recommended
0.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 11
I am a 45 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single farther to my Son, who is 14 now. My son got this game for Christmas from his uncle, so we installed it on his computer and he started playing. By the end of the week he had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just, watching YouTube. So i decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. loaded into the game, made my character and world and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. loved it as it was the best time had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my son closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories.
 

ThΣ RΞΛp3r
56 products in account
0
98 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
61.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 16, 2021
Game is extremely fun. Probably the most fun I've ever had in a while. Lot's of fun adventures and things to do sailing the seas with your friends.

However, the experience is immediately ruined for me as soon as a random group of players just show up out of nowhere and kill us over and over again until we lose the ship; all of our time spent grinding for loot or doing tall tales lost, right as we are about to cash it all in.

Pretty frustrating. Experiencing this every single time we play makes me quit the game feeling sour. I'm not one for PvP, I just want to sail around, explore, and enjoy the tall tales. Everyone is obviously different, a lot of people enjoy the PvP very much, but what harm would there be if they just added a Non-PvP mode?

I would definitely give an up vote if they at least had a Non-PvP mode for those who just want to be left alone.
 

Inanitatis
227 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
107.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 9
If you're looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if you're looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.

Ingredients:

1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter
2. 1/2 cup white sugar
3. 1/2 cup brown sugar
4. 1/4 cup water
5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
6. 1 pinch salt
7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced
8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie

Directions:

1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.
3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.
4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.
5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.
6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
 

Goodb0ssman69
132 products in account
0
29 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
210.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2020
It's an amazing game, yet it's a lot more fun with friends. If you like exploration, pirates or you just want to set sail in uncharted waters, this is the game for you.
 

León
748 products in account
0
11 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
62.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
The game is awesome, and just perfekt
 

quer/lasse[DK]
1,731 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
172.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2020
Product received for free

Xbox and PC progress will carry over to Steam. Even achievements. thats cool.
 

ChAbhi
494 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
270.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 7, 2021
Really nice game, amazing graphics and really fun to play with friends or even alone.
It was really worth the price.
I would 100% recommend this game.
 

TigaByte
39 products in account
0
14 people found this review helpful 4

Recommended
1,098.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
Product received for free

Create your Own Adventure, Literally.

You Want to solo? Done
Sail with friends? Done
Steal Other player's treasure with and follow with an Evil Piratey Laugh? Done
Or how about some fishing after a long day at work?

It's all here, I have been playing this since March 20th, when it launched on another platform, but now it just got better, higher FPS on steam than anywhere else. Well done. Now back to sailing...
 

PhuzzyBond
286 products in account
0
207 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 45

Not Recommended
87.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 19
I really want to like this game, but I can't.

It can probably be a good game for players who like PvP if in the right company, but it's not a game for solo PvE players like me.

Like I wrote in my old review, I wish there were dedicated PvE servers, or the possibility to play in offline-mode. I mean, the content is there, they don't need to add PvE content, they just need to make the game have seperate servers for PvE and PvP.

Some PvE players (most I think) just want to do thier PvE stuff without getting killed by other players all the time. Especially since there's people who will spawn camp you for hours, 4 against 1. Then for PvP players, what fun is there to bully someone who just fish and don't even try to fight back? If you want PvP action you surely would enjoy playing against others who want the same. So in conclusion I think everyone would benefit from having seperate PvE and PvP servers, or at least an option to turn on "PvE mode" which let you play on PvE server even tho PvP remain default.

-------------------------- Old Review - 5.7 h --------------------------------

There really should be dedicated PvE servers. Some of us just want to enjoy the PvE aspect without getting killed over and over by PvPers. Also, the game feels sooooo slow and unrewarding, sadly.

Edit: So I gave it another try and it seems that the player base is quite toxic as well. Not everyone, but most people on PC at least from my experience. Most people attack everyone on sight regardless if you're just fishing or talking to an NPC. Even a full crew on the biggest ship attacks a solo player on the smallest ship and spawn camp them. This game can maybe be good for playing with friends if you enjoy PvP, but sadly not respectful towards casual PvE:ers.
 

Vireosa
45 products in account
0
73 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
88.0 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2021
Genre - Pirate Ship Co-op with PvP and PvE elements

*Edit* You can vote to scuttle your ship to stop spawn killing. Still think you should have some protection on spawn and you should be able to flag yourself out of PvP in adventure mode.

*WARNING*
Established players will spawn kill and farm points off you, especially after the rest of your team quit. You also get put in a sin bin for leaving games early.
They need to balance out the obvious flaws in PvP (like there being no spawn buff) and discourage farming points off weak or new players. They also could do with a dedicated PvE mode.

However, after the first 3 hours it's pretty fun and I'm looking forward to organising my own crew with RL friends. The graphics are cartoon like but still pretty. There are varied tasks to keep your ship afloat and a few different ways to earn points other than spawn killing other players. You can unlock fun cosmetics easily by playing playing multiple games (Didn't feel any grind). It is 0/10 P2W, although there is an in-game store for cosmetics.
 

FantasyFreak_UK
2,371 products in account
0
34 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 22

Recommended
66.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 30, 2020
From my first 20 hours . good price for what you will got starting with beautiful graphics wonderful buildings design , adventure open world ...etc , above all of these things a great gameplay ( Note : don't play this game solo it's more fun with friends ) . i really enjoy playing the game and it has awesome fps optimization , in my opinion there is one problem that you need to link your Xbox Account some people don't see this as problem but this problem really annoying me , and it doesn't has any technical issues ( Glitches , Cheaters ...etc ) . if you want to play this game solo i don't recommend this game for you .
 

Fahad ∞
195 products in account
3
15 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
897.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
This game on the original Microsoft Store launch was pretty barren, but Rare have kept at it by adding things for players to do. You can log in and go on a voyage for loot, attack a skull fort, fight other players or just chill out and fish. Since there are no unlocked powers through leveling up your character, you don't have to worry about playing every day to keep up and can play at your own pace.

The developers are continuing to add to this game, even though the pace at fixing issues may have slowed and COVID has certainly impacted their ability to add large updates with any regularity, but I expect this game will be providing new adventures until at least 2022.
 

Deadstick
329 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
717.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2020
So much content, So much swashbuckling. So much Pirating. So much graphical beauty. Arrrrrrrrrrrrr
 

[LG]skintkingle
796 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
90.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2020
So, you are the Jack Sparrow!
There should be a Captain in there somewhere. A game with a incredible Graphics and Physics and a great gameplay experience. Brings your childhood memories and all the enjoyable things you've experienced in your life. And most importantly it makes you feel like you are actually in the Pirates of Carribane, sailing with Barbossa or Sparrow. If you ever had a dream about having a ship and go for an adventure, hunting treasures, this is the game for you.
 

Mansfield
64 products in account
4
40 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
97.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 18, 2020
What can I say other than that this game blew my expectations out of the water. Get it? Good. Sea of Thieves is by FAR the most fun I've had playing a video game since my early days of Halo 3, World of Warcraft, COD4 and other classics. This game takes multiplayer to another level by seamlessly combining both story and procedurally based quests with high intensity, high stakes PvE and PvP battles, often both happening at once. Many other multiplayer games try to make online play feel like it's a living breathing world inhabited by the players, but no other games in my opinion even comes close to the feeling that you get in SoT. Combat in all areas feels great, with a high skill cap and relatively straightforward mechanics, players are highly incentivized to get good. Every single time I've died, had my ship sank, or lost all my loot has been my fault, the other player was better, no questions asked. You can pull off some sick ♥♥♥♥ in this game if you're a skilled player, and the game encourages you to do it. With completely overpowered gunpowder barrels and even stronger stronghold gunpowder barrels, a single player acting alone can take down an entire galleon of 4 other players on it if they're experienced enough. With a deep understanding of the mechanics, a well thought through plan, and bit of pirate luck any player can become a terror of the seas.

Let's talk bugs. There aren't many! It seems that the development team is actively looking to stomp anything that would cause immersion break and they're damn good at it. There are the occasional issues that slip through the beta tests and into the live server. In the most recent patch there seems to have been an issue introduced that when a ship collides with a landmass, and then gets pushed off of the landmass, the ship still things it's in contact with something. This causes the ship to moan and creak like it's rubbing up against rocks and sounds quite horrible but causes no damage to the ship. I also think it slows you down until the effect wears off but that is not confirmed. However even this issue is not that big of a deal, it was surprising the first couple times and then I got used to it and learned to stop running into things...unless I'm trying to run into something in which case it's a tactical pirate maneuver.

The artistic direction in this game is phenomenal, hands down. I cannot even begin to describe how absolutely stunning some of the views in Sea of Thieves are. Sailing across a pristine ocean that glows with the most beautiful blue while the sun sets and the sky is and explosion of orange surrounded by a transition to a perfect blue sky and fluffy white clouds is just another day in SoT. The atmosphere of this game is a magnificent combination of hyper stylized graphics and incredible sound design which makes for an almost unbelievable at times gaming experience you won't soon forget. I'm so in love with the art in this game I've spent almost $50 on aesthetics alone, and I've only been playing it for 28 hours.

But that brings me on to my last point, the price point. If you saw $50 and felt the trauma of old ArcheAge coming to haunt you, fear not, this game only has cosmetic options for sale on the cash shop. Not only that, most items will cost you around $5. The more high end items will set you back about $40 but that is money well spent in my opinion. As a general rule of thumb, I do not spend more money on games than the price of the game itself. I am not someone who buys cosmetics or toys because it is just not worth it to me. This game is completely different and you better believe I bought an entire ship overhaul with the collectors edition items, and I did it happily. These developers have 100% earned my money and I will gladly continue to support this game financially as long as I'm enjoying it.

Sea of Thieves is a 10/10 for me and I highly recommend you try it.
 

A Homie
264 products in account
1
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
102.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2021
This is a great game. Used to be a very boring, lack of content and boring missions, since then they've updated the game with much more content such as: a variety of different missions, tall tales(story/campaign like missions), emissaries, etc. There are still a lot of players and a huge map filled with different islands, there are interesting enemies and bosses within the game and a campaign with Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow. There is a variety of clothing, weapons and great ship customization. The ships in this game are very realistic and well handled, you can chose between 3 different ships with each requiring a certain amount of players to be properly managed, you and your crew are even able to engage in fights with other player ships for loot.

Although the game has been severely improved throughout the years, there are still few minor problems.
The bosses spawn far more often than they should, I am usually trying to do my own thing when a megalodon or ghost ship just pop out of the water, ghost ship especially forcing me into an inescapable fight which can last a while if not prepared. The only boss I haven't had this problem with is the kraken which has a balanced spawn rate and is usually fun fighting. When doing a mission on an Island, especially merchant alliance missions which require you going back and forth collecting cargo, random enemies will spawn out of thin air, and due to the enemies equipped with ranged weapons I must put down whatever I am doing and forcefully fight these enemies, these engagements wouldn't be as bad if the some enemies couldn't tank all of my hits e.g. the giant crab creature, or teleport all around me.

This game is well worth the money and very easy to get in to.
 

toffs
20 products in account
0
100 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 16

Not Recommended
25.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 16
What could have been a fantastic game for you to play with your friends (or anyone for that matter) is ruined by an overly toxic community of people who already know the game, have hundreds of hours and live to prey on new people. The skies and water are beautiful and some of the best I've seen in any game. Esp the water. Water is hard to do in video games. Much of the rest of it looks like low poly World of Warcraft. It's done in an artistic way though, and many will like it.

Sometimes you can sail for an hour or so without being harassed. Sometimes you barely leave port before you will be assaulted by experienced players who already have learned the game. Either way, it's not if, it's when. When that happens you will lose all items collected, your ship will be sunk and you'll respawn on another island with another ship, only for the same thing to happen again. If you're stubborn enough to keep beating your head on a rock doing this over and over until YOU learn to be pro at it, and if you then also wish to prey on new people, I'm sure you'll have fun.

Players who want a PvE server have mostly been ridiculed off the forum by PvP players who wouldn't be on that server anyway.

Currently the "most helpful review" is just "piramte." That's it. One misspelled word. That's the community you're entering. Obviously the reviews are great for this game. I'm clearly in the minority, but if there was a PvE server for the few who would want it, I'd happily give this a glowing review. There's much to like about the game. In fact, almost the only thing to dislike is the toxic community which, unfortunately, you're forced to interact with.
 

Jackson
743 products in account
42
101 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
592.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2021
───「 Graphics 」───
✅ You forget what reality is
⬜ Beautiful
⬜ Good
⬜ Decent
⬜ Bad
⬜ Don‘t look too long at it
⬜ MS-DOS


───「 Gameplay 」───
✅ Very good
⬜ Good
⬜ It's just gameplay
⬜ Mehh
⬜ Watch paint dry instead
⬜ Just don't


───「 Audio 」───
✅ Eargasm
⬜ Very good
⬜ Good
⬜ Not too bad
⬜ Bad
⬜ I'm now deaf


───「 PC Requirements 」───
⬜ Check if you can run paint
⬜ Potato
⬜ Decent
✅ Fast
⬜ Rich boi
⬜ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer


───「 Difficulty 」───
⬜ Just press 'W'
⬜ Easy
⬜ Easy to learn / Hard to master
✅ Significant brain usage
⬜ Difficult
⬜ Dark Souls


───「 Story 」───
⬜ No Story
⬜ Some lore
⬜ Average
⬜ Good
✅ Lovely
⬜ It'll replace your life


───「 Game Time 」───
⬜ Long enough for a cup of coffee
⬜ Short
⬜ Average
✅ Long
⬜ To infinity and beyond


───「 Price 」───
⬜ It's free!
✅ Worth the price
⬜ If it's on sale
⬜ If u have some spare money left
⬜ Not recommended
⬜ You could also just burn your money


───「 Bugs 」───
⬜ Never heard of
⬜ Minor bugs
✅ Can get annoying
⬜ ARK: Survival Evolved
⬜ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs


───「 ? / 10 」───
⬜ 1
⬜ 2
⬜ 3
⬜ 4
⬜ 5
⬜ 6
⬜ 7
✅ 8
⬜ 9
⬜ 10


I think this game is very good, especially the addition of Jack Sparrow in season three, which made it very cool
I suggest you play this game, this game will turn you into a pirate!
 

Legend
512 products in account
12
15 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
279.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 13
I recommend

Tucking, if you want to witness:
-People wearing their headsets while taking a piss
-Little hotmic kids getting screamed at by their mum for playing too long
-Xbox players running and complaining for 45 Minutes, then dropping out of map so others won't get their loot
-People shooting chainshots at the Ashen Lord

Playing drunk:
-If you're up for jam sessions with strangers
-Won't make you worse at pvp cuz the hitboxes ain't crap anyway
-You can shoot the monkey into the sky
-Enjoy some fireworks while chasing a Galleon as a solo Sloop

Also don't play on alice, it will get you fugged up for SHORE.
 

funnsen
76 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
20.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2020
*Rolls on deck laughing!*
*Rolls on deck laughing!*
*Rolls on deck laughing!*
 

ebal
1,036 products in account
14
30 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
178.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 30, 2020
I have loads of hours on the xbox version and can safely say it's a kickass game just watch out for scary pvp players
 

aka Cal
228 products in account
0
32 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
18.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 30, 2020
Very fun game. It will take you several hours for the talles and its realy worth the price!!!
Buy it till you can! :)
 

SlavJoker
342 products in account
0
151 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 15

Not Recommended
705.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2020
If you are looking for all of you work that you put into something and worked for to just be thrown away by some people who just want to ruin your day then this game is for you.

But if you are a player who enjoys fighting AI ships, gigant megalodons, dangerous krakens and just want to enjoy a nice well build world with an amazing scenery and some of the best water textures you will see in games at the time while hunting for treasure and having over all a great time?

Well then I am sorry because the first thing talked about in this review is what you will get... because the main part of the commuity in this game doesn't care about if you have anything worth taking. They will just chase you down and spawn kill you unitll you uninstall this game. There will also most likely never be a PvE server because the devs are listening to the players who play the game the most and those would be the toxic player hunters who will call you the N-word and a b**ch untill you no loger play the game.

And if anyone ever tells you that a PvE server would ruin the game because then people would only play on those servers... Doesn't that just prove the point?
And if someone tells you that people would get bored of only doing PvE then those people have cleary never played any singleplayer game or a an open world exploring game..
 

Tschudaun
230 products in account
38
98 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 11

Not Recommended
570.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2020
Sea of Thieves is a game with an overwhelmingly large amount of potential, but it doesn’t meet what it’s shooting for. Sea of Thieves is a genuinely fun game, it’s easily one of my favorite games of all time, but that doesn’t mean it’s a perfect game, and that I can ignore serious issues that have hindered, and will continue to hinder my experience.

Sea of Thieves suffers from a slew of half baked balance issues, game breaking bugs, and honestly underwhelming rewards. But before I get into the meat as to why I can’t recommend this game, I must briefly list the goods about this game. As there are plenty of them to list here that can make the game worthwhile.

Pros:
-A genuinely amazing game with friends, arguably one of the best.

-A flat gear state, so new players are equally as equipped as experienced players.

-Every form of currency is for cosmetic items only, and again they have no effect on gameplay.

-Plenty of events that are always fun to do.

-Many commendations to complete, alongside very fun Tall Tales.

-Combat is incredibly fun, and has a high skill ceiling.

-Ship combat is one of the most refreshing combat styles I’ve had in a game.

-Hoarding and selling loot never gets old.

-Monthly updates that actually add a good bit of content every update.

-It runs well on a machine as old as mine, and is insanely beautiful.

Now that the positives of the game are out of the way, I must do my fair part and acknowledge that this game does have big issues that can sour the experience for people. Which for me, has happened time and time again. If you can manage to stomach these aspects of the game, you may actually come to love Sea of Thieves as much as I do.

Cons:
-The game has many game breaking bugs that have quite literally broken events, such as clipping in Skull Forts, or Megs despawning when attacking or flying over my ship.

-The games community is overall pretty toxic, and is often overlooked in favor of it being a “Pirate Game”, which is a poor excuse for bad behaviour.

-New players will have a very hard time learning this game without a guide, and will have an even harder time if players focus them due to their new nature.

-The game has incredibly bad hit reg at times, sometimes perfectly placed shots won’t hit and awful misses will be a hit.

-When you sink an enemy boat, they will spawn only a few islands away at best and can indefinitely pursue you with no loss to themselves. Which is quite miserable.

-The cross-platform play is nice if you have friends that play on console, but are unfair to console players as PC players have an incredibly large advantage.

-The in game default settings are terrible, and the graphics options are lacking and terrible.

-Pirate Legend is not at all worth getting, and Athenas is arguably the worst emissary in the game. A terrible reward for hitting tier 50 on 3 different merchant factions.

-You will earn so much gold and have absolutely nothing to spend it on, which sucks.

-Rare has an issue with addressing bugs in this game, as I’ve experienced bugs that have been reported on the forums over 2 years ago.

-The game has an issue with tabbing out, and it takes a year to tab in and out of the game.

-”The Pirate Code” in the tavern teaches new players an unrealistic mindset to have in a game about piracy, and should be removed.

-The games price tag is quite high, the game rarely goes on sale, while having predatory microtransactions that are quite expensive. (Yes you don’t NEED to buy them, but when they take content that was going to be given to Pirate Legends, like pets, and make them micros. It’s an issue.)

-Unless you have a premade team, the game can be pretty unfun. Solo slooping takes a lot of effort and experience, and playing with randoms makes an uncoordinated experience.

-Cosmetic sets are split apart and time gated. So for collectors such as myself, it can be an issue when you own part of a set, while the other part is locked away forever.

-Requires an Xbox account, this is minor honestly, just a nit-pick.

-The sloop is a hard boat to fight as it has almost every advantage of bigger ships except for speed and firepower. The boat is near impossible to sink if at least 1 person on the boat is managing the water and holes, as you can simply use the bucket XX trick and throw the water through the window. The sloop should be changed slightly to make it easier to fight. (This has since been nerfed.)

-The game requires a large amount of time investment if you’re going to want to make any progress in a play session. And as a college student this really sucks sometimes.

With all of these issues, it’s genuinely hard to recommend this game to anyone, even though I absolutely love the game. I think if you’re ever going to purchase this game, you should only do so if you have a crew of friends at your side, plenty of free time, and if it’s on sale. As of right now, Rare has some pretty prevalent issues that need to be worked out before it’s in a state of being worth buying at 40 USD. I will continue to play this game, as I do love it very much, and I have many friends at my side while I play. But, as of right now you should hold off from buying it.

TLDR; Pretty fun game if you have friends and free time, but it can be pretty unfair and stressful at times.

EDIT: Rare has since decided to remove the ability to tweak the engine to get above 90 FOV in game, which is a massive turn off for me now and further reinforces my point on why I can't possibly recommend this game. Gimping players ability to not get motion sick when playing a game they enjoy purely for "balance" reasons is insane.

Higher FOV does NOT effect the PvP aspect of the game in any way. Rare has once again lowered the quality of Sea of Thieves by introducing nonsensical "balance" changes to the game that only serve to cater to the console side of their player-base.
 

Chanddy
496 products in account
0
63 people found this review helpful
34 people found this review funny 28

Recommended
0.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2021
Do you recall when we were allies Microsoft? When you didn't beat me frequently with a flail, all the while demanding that I purchase another copy of Halo? I remember how you used to be altruistic and benevolent, but now you have fallen into the depths of depravity. Enough, how you plague my mind Xbox, attempting to sway my demeanour and divert a matter of grave significance, Sea Of Thieves. I must crassly utter the truth, be wary of the realm of Sea Of Thieves, for these barren, Serbian wastes bear much animosity to the sentient. Many apparitions reside within this accursed realm, giant amphibious beasts, the emotionally stunted, unhinged marauders and by the Nine, the fishmen, who parade their skittle coloured flags with utter audacity. After spending a large duration within this peculiar place, one begins to subtly undergo metamorphism, with their psychology and physicality altering. One of my associates, a veteran of the seas, had acquired scales, that protruded from his backside, while conversing in a garbled tongue, a dialect that only those of his newfound fishmen brood could comprehend and decipher. My eyes belay the insidious events that have transgressed upon my mind, the Salem Witch trials, resulting in public immolation demonstrations, senseless massacres occurring aboard many a naval vessel and most significantly, Captain Flamehearts incessant, arrogant taunts, as he flaunts his sorcery and innate prowess, in the art of conjuration.

Within sailing throughout the high seas, after murdering a lone traveller, I soon comprehended the folly of travelling alone. My fanatic associates and I, stumbled upon a ship, the poor lad was merely fishing for his supper. Without a word, my associate, Guy Fawkes, planted an explosive barrel below deck, alongside a torch, which he placed precariously adjacent to the barrel, ensuring that at the slightest movement the torch would fall, igniting the barrel and procuring a potent detonation. Simultaneously, while this act of ruthless destruction was occurring, I withdrew my Scottish greatsword and with only a moment of hesitancy, sliced at the fisherman until he toppled into the water. This individual bore no loot, that wasn't the primary objective, our goal was to sacrifice him and his vessel to the eternal fire, whilst ensuring that he learnt an imperative lesson. This lesson was the the principle of prudence, never avert your gaze from the seas, lest you wish for the children of Rivellion to encroach upon your vessel and commit untold atrocities upon your deck.

His vessel was but the first for our crazed religious fanaticism. Many cravens attempted to elude the catchpoles and while these timid fiends drifted off into the distance, our desire to awash them in the eternal fire grew. For many a day did we pursue and ensnare the cowardly merchant ships, with the fire raging amidst their guttural pleas for his beloved, artificial treasure. These merchants, these utter cretinous miscreants, care for one sole thing, treasure. They would avoid all aspects of social interaction, shying away from combat, if it ensured that their trivial commodities were safeguarded. Instead of engaging in a duel with adversaries, they don their pink, fluorescent Barbie doll armour, equip with Disney Frozen merchandise. While they dress in the attire of the mentally decrepit, the hordes of battle hardened veterans lurk in the alleyways, seeking a moment of susceptibility that they will inevitably exploit. Vengeance will be exacted against the cravens, for you may initially escape our wrath, but the hounds of war will scent your fear islands away and will subsequently bring you into the gallows of justice.

The mere ideological principle of cowardice has sparked an astonishing civil war amongst the denizens of Sea Of Thieves. There are two main groups, the cravenly fishmen, sinister apparitions with blue scales and incomprehensible dialects, condoning the act of fleeing a skirmish, while the other, courageous battle hardened veterans, being ardent supporters of ensuring no ship within a four kilometre radius is able to escape their frenzy unscathed. This philosophy on conflict has caused many causalities, with the cravens and courageous souls warring incessantly among discussion threads, in game and among the streets. Not a day transpires, where a man isn't brutally assaulted by a throng of fishmen wielding socks with bricks stored inside. Not a dawn passes, where a fishman doesn't have his head caved in by a mailbox, or fragments of a fence by a crazed Sea Of Thieves veteran. Families bar their doors at night and shield their children, while the streets erupt in a melody of sirens, as the conflict ensues. How many more will fall prey to this merciless roulette of bloodshed? How long will their prayers to their Microsoft deities persist? How long until the masses reach the epiphany that Microsoft will only assist them, provided they purchase an artificial Cockatoo for five dollars?

Asides from the bloodshed, I have also witnessed the slavery ring that plagues Sea Of Thieves. The disabled, often referred to as the contingent of Xbox players, are abducted by the cackling PC hordes and forced into indentured servitude, coerced at swordpoint into performing tasks of menial labour. These captives are ruthlessly treated, being frequently waterboarded, playfully eviscerated with fillet knives and sacrificed to droves of skeletons, alongside their Direwolf companions. It is safe to say that peril is a stalwart companion of any who reside within Sea Of Thieves. One moment you may be drifting along the ocean, the next you will transcend into consciousness, located inside a dingy cell, as two scantily clad, overweight men serene melodies, while coercing you to similarly undress and join them for a rigorous session of piracy.

Overall, Sea Of Thieves is a peculiar wasteland, one that although I survived unscathed, subsequently wish to never return to, for I fear that continual exposure to this insidious realm will polymorph my figure into that of a fishman, equip with scales, a garbled tongue and a mind that simultaneously is fractured and filled to the brim with Sea Of Thieves propaganda. If you arrive to these plains, as a starry eyed youth, spurred on by the tales of grandeur incessantly sprouted by the veterans, than I implore you to turn back and flee. For although, this game is relatively enjoyable, it is bereft of all common decency and logicality. All who neglect to adhere to my warnings, I wish thee the best of luck and pray to Vraccas that the fishman fate does not befall upon yee. May all who reside upon these seas be cleansed with purity and flee before an inevitable calamity arises. Lastly, heed my words, the Teutonic plates will shift, evoking a magnitude unlike any other, an earthquake so potent that it will procure vast destruction upon the isles of Sea Of Thieves. With that ominous warning, I wish all pleasant tidings in the future anomalies that will arise, particularly in Sheograth's realm.
 

✟DEUS✟ Quercus
191 products in account
14
54 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
102.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2021
Good and Fun game reminds me of Black Flag
 

󠁳⁧⁧ Dispo 𝗭
175 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
137.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 12
This game is amazing. point and case. Calming periods of downtime while being kept busy followed by very intense moments of amazing ship to ship combat, im not entirely sure about the pvp though its a little clunky but fun nonetheless.
 

mel0n
167 products in account
0
486 people found this review helpful
228 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
28.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
I dont think this game in necessarily terrible, but i just dont think it is up to the 40$ price point. However my review is more a warning to other players:

If you are on the fence about this game BE AWARE THAT IT WILL CONTINUE RUNNING IN THE BACKGROUND (need to close it out in Steam, the game was closed and not appearing in task manager). I purchased and played the game for a couple hours and turned it off, deciding that i would refund it the next day. To my surprise, i had already logged 13 hours when i went to refund the next day and am now no longer eligible for a refund.
 

Sausage Farm
135 products in account
0
41 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 2

Not Recommended
16.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2021
I got this based on the massive amounts of positive reviews. The first 1.5 hours was pretty good. Standard tutorial to learn the basics on how things work. Nice artwork/graphics and it did give a good pirate theme. Then the first encounter with an other player. Insta-death. Then the second. Another death. And then the third started shelling the ship. I did a quick look in the forums to see what I was doing incorrectly. Unfortunately, this appears to be a very unwelcoming game for newcomers which is my first impression of this game.
 

bruinb77
885 products in account
11
502 people found this review helpful
90 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
12.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2020
There is no steam friends list support whatsoever. You are forced to use the xbox app friends system. If this issue doesn't bother you, then I'd recommend this as a game because it is really great for what it is today, aside from the rampant racist competitive salty adults running around shouting the N word at every opportunity they get.

When you launch the game, it allows you to connect your Xbox app account to your Steam account. However, it does not in any way link your friends lists together. You can only form groups for playing the game with your xbox friends list.

What this means is, not only do you have to connect your accounts, but you also have to either pull up the windows gamebar overlay (I disabled mine a long time ago), or launch the xbox app from the windows 10 store, find out your username, and add each other through that app. Then and only then will you be able to invite your friends.

This has zero Steam implementation outside of being sold on the Steam store. You can't invite steam friends, you can't join on steam friends, they can't join you, and there is no in-game functionality that is even aware of what your steam friends list is or who is on it. It doesn't matter if everyone playing bought the game through Steam. That's what is absurd to me.

Sea of Thieves is only aware of your xbox friends list.

If they ever change or patch this to include the most primitive and basic of Steam support, being able to play with your Steam friends in a multiplayer game that everyone purchased through Steam, then I'll change this to a positive.
 

O R B I E / 7 M D
366 products in account
15
41 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 14

Recommended
245.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2020
Best Pirate game!
 

Robnetic
340 products in account
1
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 1

Recommended
21.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 7, 2021
Amazing game even for solo players, but much better with full crew of friends arrrrgh....
 

Fuksas
204 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
40.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 31, 2021
📝Overview:
when i played game for first time, game confuse me and i was like what is the point of playing this game or how i should complete quests or even take quests but game will shows you everything ( tutorial 10/10 ), its really good for playing with your friend because it will make some of fun time, nature and graphic design of games is beauty and some times will make you chill, skins are too many and beautiful, quests have different type and different difficulty and each quests have different enemies and that makes you to not tired of game.


✔️ The Good Side:
- Good for chilling
- Graphic is awesome
- Sea is very realistic
- Skins are many and beauty
- Recommend to play with your friends
- Recommend to play for try hard players
- Game will challenge you with some of hard quests and i like that it was kinda nice to me
- Type of npc enemies or boss fights is few but fight with them is really enjoyable

❌ The Bad Side:
- Don't have anti-cheat
- Not recommended to who can't spent a long time for game per every time plays

💠 Score:
- Gameplay: 10/10
- Graphic: 10/10
- Multiplayer: 8/10
- Servers: 7/10

💻 My Specs: GTX 960M, I7 6700HQ, 16GB RAM, 128GB SSD M.2, 2TB SEGATE HDD
- Graphic preset: Low
- Resolution: 1920 * 1080
- FPS: 60
 

Dark Monster
107 products in account
1
21 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
159.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2021
What the devs have stated in their product description is pretty much on point. Undoubtedly the definitive pirate game on steam. They mention unforgettable stories and it rings true to the point that each voyage players embark on is an adventure in and of itself. Some of the moments my friends and I talk about until this day. That's how memorable it is.

Worth knowing that many players have voiced their displeasure regarding PVP. While I must admit to the frustrations over being sunk and treasures stolen, it also simulates what sailing on treacherous seas feel like, and that's what gives this game its identity. To offset that, players can invite others to a parley. Many situations where I could have lost all my loot if I hadn't used diplomacy. I've spoken to different groups of Chinese pirates in their own language preventing an all out attack. This happened to me at least several times throughout my experience. It doesn't always go as planned but when it does, it's utterly satisfying. There was also one occasion where I translated riddles for Japanese players finding buried treasure. I've found that the proper application of psychology grants an edge in persuasion, with some instances of players ceasing their attack, and at different times gifting me treasures, forming alliances and such. Goes to show that such PVP crises can be averted.

You'll familiarize yourselves with different types of ships and their parts respectively. A galleon is the largest, has more cannons but the hardest to manage. Sailing one to its full potential requires good captaining, a full complement of capable crew members and constant communication. I've sailed with quite a number of serious players who use nautical terminology mixed with pirate lingo. You'll get your chance to learn those through course of your experience sailing with different people.

The most memorable moment for me was a desperate escape from a galleon and the payback that came after. They bombarded us without warning and immediately headed leewards in our direction. We struggled to keep the sloop afloat while also trying to outsail them. A kraken then appeared out of nowhere, stopping the 4 player galleon dead in its tracks. Karma had hit them and without hesitation, we unleashed a barrage of unrelenting retribution, at an angle where their cannons could not hit us. Not only did we take all their treasure but we also killed that kraken. Whether it's using roguish tactics to double cross newfound allies or forming a fleet hellbent on revenge, I'm sure many have their own epic tales to tell. This should be one of the best co-op games of all time.
 

Stalwart94
550 products in account
0
713 people found this review helpful
154 people found this review funny 108

Not Recommended
130.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2021
This game thoroughly demonstrates why I don't like PvP. I'll get to that in a minute or two.

Sea of Thieves is a pirate simulator full of things to see and do, if you can find the time to enjoy them in peace. It's a fusion of PvP and PvE, but there's a fair amount wrong with that, which I'll cover later.

There are 3 types of ships, accommodating crews of 1 to 4 players. The Sloop is a small ship that is slow, yet agile and easy to manage. This is the best option by far for solo players and supports up to 2 people. The Brigantine is larger and faster but is much harder to manage, not only having more sails than a Sloop but also taking longer to adjust anything on board. Minimum 2 players recommended, supports up to 3. Finally, the Galleon is the fastest and most heavily armed ship, but turns slowly and needs at least 3 crew members to reach full potential, while it supports up to 4.

The PvE gameplay consists of finding loot via voyages - basically quests consisting of delivering cargo, digging up chests, and killing skeletons - lying around in the water or stashed away on islands, or looted from special encounters or other players. The voyages are fun and enjoyable and the seafaring is artfully simplistic yet satisfying. The time it takes to sail between islands can leave you idle for a while, especially while sailing against the wind.

The PvP elements are where the game begins to fall apart. The world is open and shared with up to 4 other ships at all times. These ships are free to attack and sink you at any time for any reason, causing you to effectively lose everything you had on board at the time barring some edge cases. This means that at any time you can be attacked and robbed of all the loot you had stashed on board, making frequent trips back to the outposts a necessity to minimize losses. You are free to fight back of course, but that's where the real problems start to come in.

First, sea battles are long and drawn out. Cannonballs cause holes in the hull which starts to fill the ship with water, but at any time a crew member can use a plank (of which every ship starts with 15 and more are easily found throughout the world) and take a few seconds to patch the hole. Bailing the water out is even easier, and one person can do it as fast or faster than the ship can fill. This makes ship-to-ship combat a game of attrition, with overwhelming and sinking the opponent only occuring when they run out of resources, or are solo and get knocked off the ship or die.

This leads many people to skip the ship-to-ship and go straight to crew-to-crew; mainly in the form of spawncamping. Spawncamping is far and away the best strategy to sink a ship; once you have one person on board and get the upper hand, all you have to do is wait for the ship to go under and kill them every time they respawn. Respawning comes with a hefty lag spike, and that combined with the disorientation can get you caught in a death loop. The worst part is that this isn't penalized or punished at all; it's the only legitimate strategy because you can't actually steal anything from the enemy ship because the respawn timers are too short to load more than 2 or 3 items.

But far and away the worst part is the toxic people that PvP environments attract. There are people who will pursue you across the map for no reason, people who will hunt you down over and over for no reason, and people who will fix your sinking ship just so they can spawncamp you more. None of this is penalized; the only punishable offense is using slurs or hate speech in the text/voice chat.

"It's called Sea of Thieves, not Sea of Friends", they'll say. I say that there's surprisingly little thieving going on; it's all murder. Because of the fusion between PvE and PvP it's worse than usual, because now trolls can force you to participate in content you dislike (as opposed to just being a poor sportsman) and actively prevent you from playing the content you do like by chasing you across the map and back for no reason. There is no thievery in Sea of Thieves. In my 130 hours I have been stolen from twice, robbed once, and had non-hostile encounters with other crews 4 times. Every other encounter (dozens) has gone immediately to a firefight that ended in someone being spawncamped.

It's not possible to avoid fights either; Sloops sail fastest against the wind, but "fastest" is infinitesimally faster than the second fastest ship. Unless you want to get a spot on a galleon with at least 2 other people, you're going to get caught or at the very least chased until all your playtime has melted away.

The toxicity seeps into the forums too; the sheer mention of wanting to not experience the PvP content gets you called anything from a noob to a moron to a ♥♥♥♥♥. The community comes up with new ways to mock PvE enjoyers every day.

None of that really matters to me. The sheer aura of stress and paranoia alone is enough to turn me off of this game. Everything else is just another nail in the coffin.
 

derpykat5
69 products in account
0
93 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2021
Play this game if your friends want to play with you. If you play alone there will bunch of sweats trying to kill you over and over again
 

Treynou
31 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
285.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 18, 2020
Sea of Thieves is a pirate-themed multiplayer action-adventure game taking place on a broad sea with dozens of islands to explore.

The game uses a character creation system that allows players to generate pirates until they find the suitable one for themselves. This feature does not let the players to customize the appearance of their pirates and can be a bit disappointing for some people.

The players can easily understand the basic mechanics of the game by beginning their journey in Maiden Voyage, a well-designed tutorial starting on an island full of secrets.

The game is played as teams by two to four players. It is also possible to play the game alone; however, it will make the game quite challenging. Sloops are easy to control and hard to target, making them a suitable option for a solo adventure.

The players can choose from a decent number of trading companies to work with and become the pirate they want. The quests requiring the player to visit the same islands to accomplish the same objectives repeatedly cause the game to become less entertaining after a while.

The mechanics are quite realistic in terms of naval combat and ship controls. Fighting across the sea can be so much fun, especially if there are some friends on the deck.

The high standard sound design and visuals create a beautiful atmosphere. Traveling the seas while playing your favorite soundtrack with a musical instrument during the sunset is a unique experience.

The game is constantly changing with regular updates. These changes keep the game fresh. It is highly recommended for the players who are interested in experiencing a pirate life.
 

Beldroth
94 products in account
0
20 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
533.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2021
It's amazing how I haven't written a review for this game yet. This is one of the best experiences the gaming industry has to offer and we have Rare to thank for that. You can be a pirate and plot your own journey, however you want it. There are no rules on how to play this game.

Grind for your own loot or sink unaware pirates and snatch their loots. Befriend crews from other ships (who may backstab you so watch out); finish world events with your crew or with an alliance; share the spoils; share a drink or play a song together over your victory... there are just so many things that never get boring for an adventurous spirit like me.

Each pirate crew you encounter is an experience. It may be frustrating or it may be blissful, but it is an experience indeed.

Oh and yes, the world does have an amazing lore which you can discover through tall-tales (PvE quests) and journals spread across the entire world. The world is designed beautifully and I especially love the 'Sea' of Sea of Thieves.

However, what I love the most that the gameplay progression is horizontal in this game. There are no overpowered weapons, no special skill trees, and other pesky RPG mechanics. It's all about your skills, wits, and diplomacy when it comes to handling a situation with other crews.

There are regular updates and they are FOR FREE. There are no DLCs, no extra 'necessary' micro-transactions, and no Pay2Win mechanisms either, which makes this game truly a great experience for me.

Tl;Dr? This game is 100% pirate-y with a very active and proficient developer team from Rare working on it. A true pirate experience worth exploring and best enjoyed with your friends.
9/10 for me. Amazing job, Rare!

PS. Season 5 is going to be AMAZING and FESTIVE!! Don't miss this game especially if you are getting it on discount.
 

Armin
89 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
284.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2021
Be careful with people, theres some sweaty, salty griefers out there but the game is a lot of fun and there are still plenty of good people who are receptive to new players. Once you found at least one nice person who knows what they're doing you'll get the hang of it in no time and theres a lot of funny voice chats and fun pve events to enjoy. PVP too if you're into that
 

Stretchy Wenis
125 products in account
0
204 people found this review helpful
74 people found this review funny 29

Not Recommended
287.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 25
Product received for free

This is a weird one for me because I do have fun playing, but the game intentionally cultivates an incredibly toxic player environment.

The game is at its best when you're sailing the seas with your friends and completing epic quests across the oceans.

It is at its worst when hours of treasure hunting and adventuring is undone by players who decide that they're going to steal all your hard earned stuff.

I would not recommend this to anyone who is an angry gamer, as you will be frustrated. The game actively rewards players for griefing others, because pirates.
 

SlingBlade
1,350 products in account
0
18 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
112.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
~ Difficulty ~

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
☑️ Eargasm

~ PRICE ~

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
🔲 Perfect Price
☑️ Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
☑️ No ending

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
☑️ Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
☑️ Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Yes

~ Conclusion ~
This game is awesome and I love it!
BUT STILL, I HATE YOU MICROSOFT! YOU'RE JUST RUINING GAMES! RECONSIDER ABOUT YOUR POLICIES PLEASE!
 

› Ali Salar™
742 products in account
7
20 people found this review helpful
45 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
11.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2020
raised the anchor
set sail length
set sail angle

*accidentally dive off my ship
ship crashed to a rock
 

aeyman301
347 products in account
0
49 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
117.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 4
The game is great, the content is great, the players are incredibly toxic.
 

Brumble
294 products in account
0
23 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2021
Amazing stuff! Great coop fun with 3 other friends. Memorable moments.
 

Mad Cat Kivima
409 products in account
0
35 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
297.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
This was awesome game. waited for years. best with friends. love it.
 

Dante_Dusty
29 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
715.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 5, 2020
you are gonna love this game , believe me <3
 

Ky0nchi
101 products in account
0
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,430.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 16, 2021
in love with this game
 

alex
324 products in account
0
12 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 8

Recommended
1,332.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
One of the greatest pirate game ever made. Interactions with players, your crew mates and even with the developers is amazing. New content keeps getting added with every Season, along with new events and new tools to play the game. There is no end content to the game, world is your oyster.
 

Kiss_Of_Kill
12,754 products in account
4
16 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
1,265.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 15
The story, graphics and game play are all wonderful. I'm not a big fan of PVP personally, so I enjoy it more when I don't get into battles with other players, but even so the game is fantastic. Lots of adventure! There are so many ways to play the game; treasure hunt, live a story, relax and fish, fight! Love this game so much! <3
 

LadyKatamari
162 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
140.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2020
Pretty nice game to play with your friends but if you dont have friends then I have bad news for you.
 

Roy
70 products in account
0
24 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
100.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 15, 2021
sea of friends
 

Fluxxy
996 products in account
0
195 people found this review helpful
102 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
230.8 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2021
⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀
⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆
⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆
⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠸⣼⡿
⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉
⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇
⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃

MEME
 

Wilcify
35 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
275.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2020
Coming from the head of the Sea of Thieves Wiki, this review is going to be fairly biased.

After putting hundreds of hours into this game in the Microsoft Store version alone, Sea of Thieves is one of those games that I just can't put down, especially when I have friends to go adventuring with. This game would have been my dream game as a child. Being an avid fan of Pirate Games and the Monkey Island series, an open world, open-ended 3D Pirate Game would have blown my socks off and I am so happy that I have had the chance to be a part of this game and its community as an adult.

The most intriguing thing about the design of Sea of Thieves for me is how it manages to connect features from old game design rulebooks with the new. We have an open world, semi-survival game where no two encounters are the same and everyone chooses their own motivations. You can choose to take down any other players you see or become friends with them. These are the modern design rules - emergent gameplay creates limitless potential for your game encounters. However, the designers tried to tone down some of the complexities of modern survival games by not giving players a power-creep or mechanical advantages based on total play-time. No, Sea of Thieves straight out gives ALL of the necessary tools to all players and any upgrades in-game are purely cosmetic. This means that every Pirate and every Crew are essentially on equal footing. You do not have to build a ship or improve it in any way. Everyone starts out with the same ships every session, acting as their ready-made base on the seas. You do not have to develop any weapons or equipment. Everyone has all the same items available to them at the beginning of the session. Every death or loss on the seas will essentially be of your own carelessness or lack of knowledge of the rules of the seas. This design allows Players to avoid the frustration of similar survival games, when they lose all of their hard developed equipment and items to some better equipped player or group who have had more time to put in the current session. No, the only thing you stand to lose is your current session's Treasure and the potential Gold or Reputation Gains coming with it. And with almost every aspect of your Player Pirate, their Equipment and Ship being customisable with cosmetics, the progression system that allows you to design your stature any way you want allows for an intriguing enough motivation to continue playing. Show off your unique hard-earned Titles and let Players know that you have spent many hours and days on the seas.

Now, if there are no upgrades, surely the game will feel stale after a while? I feel like this may be one of the criticisms of the game, yes. However, this is where the designers borrow from the old game design rulebook. While there are extensive tutorials that have been added to the games. The designers have left most every in-game mechanic on the seas up for the Players to explore. The designers do not give you any damage or health numbers, they do not give you any explanations of how different Events or Encounters work on the seas. They do not tell you all of the different nuances of your Ship, Equipment or Items. No, they trust this in the hands of the Players. Either they are curious and find out for themselves, or they learn and share this through encounters with other, more experienced Players. I have not encountered another modern game, where there are so many rumours or word-of-mouth beliefs that are simply untrue. This is why I have chosen to help develop the Wiki, to spread true information regarding the game's mechanics. None-the-less, I still daily meet people who have their own opinions and beliefs on the game's mechanics. This is akin to playing a pre-internet era game.

This ambiguity is also the reason why the lack of mechanical progress in-game works in Sea of Thieves. If players do not know all the small minute details or aspects of their own Equipment and Ships that may give them an advantage, then their lack of knowledge can essentially be abused by other, more knowledgeable crews. This game is less about skill and more about knowledge and strategy. The more you understand about the game's world and its mechanics, the better equipped you are against any and all foes. Learning to read other Crew's mistakes and mentally prepare for any of your own mistakes makes for successful voyages.

Aside from these mechanics, what else can I tell you of Sea of Thieves? It is an amalgamation of all the Pirate Games of past. You have your Ship sailing mechanics, Ship to Ship and Melee combat, Trading Companies and Questing for them, Hunting for Treasure and exploring Islands, taking on legendary Beasts - all this in a visual style that reminices of the comical style of the Monkey Island series.

This is an amazing game for me. I know that this game won't be for everyone. The lack of mechanical progression and the fact that the Voyages and other aspects of the game can become stale are all there. I myself don't really sail alone anymore. It's all about getting a few friends together and enjoying a couple of shared hours on the seas.

Also, if you are wondering about trying out the game, I suggest signing up for the 14 day free trial of an Xbox Game Pass. Sea of Thieves is one of the games you can download via Microsoft Store. This is how I demoed the game and this is how I knew that it is for me. I highly recommend trying it out for yourself before committing to the purchase.

All the best,
Ed Keppler


 

Ed Keppler
467 products in account
0
26 people found this review helpful 5

Recommended
242.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2021
English version below...

Einleitung

Lieber Leser, liebe Leserin,

wenn du das hier liest, dann spielst du gerade wahrscheinlich mit dem Gedanken dir "Sea of Thieves" zu kaufen. Warum du dies tun solltest, und warum Sea of Thieves eines des besten, wenn nicht sogar das beste Piratengame ist, was es momentan auf dem Markt gibt.

Willkommen in der Sea of Thieves!
Da Sea of Thieves ein recht umfangreiches Spiel ist, ist es schwer einen guten Anfang für diese Review zu finden.
Von daher fang ich mit meiner Review da an, wo ihr jedes mal anfangt, wenn ich in See stechen wollt: An einem der Außenposten.
Bei Außenposten handelt es sich um einen der Inseltypen, welche in der Sea of Thieves auf euch warten. Hier findet ihr auch 3 Vertreter der drei Hauptallianzen: Einen Vertreter der Goldsammler, eine Vertreterin des Seelenordens als auch eine Vertreterin des Handelsbunds.
Während ihr bei den Goldsammlern Schatzkarten oder Rätsel kauft, bei dessen Beendigung eine Belohnung, meist in Form einer Kiste voll Gold auf euch wartet, könnt ihr bei dem Seelenorden Kopfgeldmissionen kaufen, bei welchen ihr verfluchte Skelette erledigen müsst.
Der Handelsbund hingegen bietet euch Transportmissionen an, bei welchen ihr bestimmte Gegenstände oder auch Tiere abholen oder fangen müsst, und dann zu einer bestimmten Person bringen, welche irgendwo auf einer Insel auf eure Lieferung wartet.
Es sei angemerkt, dass es noch weitere Missionstypen von den 3 Hauptallianzen gibt, welche sich deutlich von den anderen Unterscheiden. Allerdings verzichte ich hier auf eine Beschreibung, einfach, damit die, welche sich noch nicht haben spoilern lassen, sich noch auf die ein oder andere Überraschung freuen können.
Bei den 3 Vertretern gebt ihr am Ende auch die Gegenstände ab, welche ihr auf euren Abenteuern gesammelt habt.
Gebt ihr die Gegenstände bei den jeweiligen Organisationen ab, so bekommt ihr Gold, gewinnt obendrein auch noch Ansehen, bei den jeweiligen Organisationen, was euch neue Missionstypen, aber auch Outfits für euch und euer Schiff gewährt.
Des Weiteren habt ihr die Möglichkeit unter der Botschafterflagge einer Organisation zu segeln, was euch einen Bonus für abgegebene Gegenstände gewährt.


Für diejenigen, welche nicht nur Missionen abarbeiten wollen, sondern auch etwas Story erfahren wollen, hält die Sea of Thieves einige Geschichten bereit, welche euch einen Teil der Geschichte der Sea of Thieves erklären.
Durch das neue "Pirates Life"-Update gibt es des Weiteren noch einen weiteren Handlungsstrang, in welchem ihr mit als auch gegen Charaktere aus den "Fluch der Karibik"-Filmen kämpft und durch die Meere segelt.
Des Weiteren gibt es auf vielen Inseln Bücher, in welchen Teile der Schicksale einiger berühmter Piraten der Sea of Thieves festgehalten sind. Es lohnt sich somit definitiv mal ein bisschen länger auf einer Insel zu verweilen, oder einen kurzen Abstecher zu machen.

Allgemein ist die Welt so schön gestaltet, und mit so viel Liebe zum Detail aufgebaut, dass es fast unmöglich ist, dem Drang zu widerstehen nicht doch noch "diese kleine Insel da drüben" zu erkunden. Aber alleine das Segeln über die endlosen weiten des Meeres, wird euch viele wunderschöne Momente bereiten.

Aber lasst euch von dem Frieden nicht täuschen. Ihr seid nämlich nicht alleine auf den Meeren unterwegs. Hinter jeder Insel kann ein anderer Spieler auf euch warten, welcher euch nicht unbedingt wohlgesonnen ist, und einen Teil, wenn nicht sogar eure gesamte Beute haben will. Und dann hilft meist nur noch die Kanonen und Klingen sprechen zu lassen.


Fazit

Ich bin in dieser Review auf viele Aspekte nicht eingegangen, wie z.B. auf andere Fraktionen, die verschiedenen Inseltypen oder die verschiedenen Gebiete, in welche die Sea of Thieves aufgeteilt ist. Das aber aus dem einfachen Grund, dass es am besten ist diese Dinge selber zu entdecken, weil dies einfach ein ganz großer und ganz starker Aspekt von Sea of Thieves ist: Das Erkunden.

Wer also nicht allzu geduldig ist, oder ein Spiel gerne schnell durchspielt, und dann zum nächsten wechselt, dem kann ich Sea of Thieves nicht empfehlen. Wer aber, wie ich, einen sehr großen Drang dazu hat riesige Welten zu erkunden, in stressigen Situationen einen kühlen Kopf bewahren kann, und schon immer davon geträumt hat als Pirat die See unsicher zu machen, dem empfehle ich dieses Spiel voll und ganz.

Ich wünsche euch also eine gute Fahrt, ruhige Gewässer und vielleicht trifft man sich ja mal (mit Kanonen oder in einer Taverne auf einen Grog).

English version

Introduction

Dear reader,

if you're reading this, you're probably thinking of buying Sea of ​​Thieves. Why you should do this, and why Sea of ​​Thieves is one of the best, if not the best, pirate game out there right now.

Welcome to the Sea of ​​Thieves!
Since Sea of ​​Thieves is quite a big game, it's hard to get a good start for this review.
So I start my review where you start every time you want to set sail: At one of the outposts.
Outposts are one of the types of islands that await you in the Sea of ​​Thieves. Here you will also find 3 representatives of the three main alliances: a representative of the Gold Hoarders, a representative of the Order of Souls and a representative of the Merchant Alliance.
While you buy treasure maps or puzzles from the Gold Hoarders and a reward, usually in the form of a box full of gold, awaits you when they are completed, you can buy bounty missions from the Order of Souls, in which you have to kill cursed skeletons.
The Merchant All., on the other hand, offers you transport missions in which you have to pick up or catch certain objects or animals, and then bring them to a certain person who is waiting for your delivery somewhere on an island.
It should be noted that there are other mission types from the 3 main alliances, which differ significantly from the others. However, I will forego a description here, simply so that those who have not been spoilered can still look forward some surprises.
At the end of the day, you hand in the items that you have collected on your adventures to the 3 representatives.
If you hand over the items to the respective organizations, you will get gold, and on top of that you will also gain prestige with the respective organizations, which will grant you new types of missions, but also outfits for you and your ship.
Furthermore, you have the opportunity to sail under the emissary flag of an organization, which grants you a bonus for items handed in.


For those who not only want to work through missions, but also want to experience some story, the Sea of ​​Thieves has some stories ready, which explain part of the history of the Sea of ​​Thieves to you.
With the new "Pirates Life" update there is also another storyline in which you fight with and against characters from the "Pirates of the Caribbean" films.

But don't be fooled by the peace. You are not alone on the seas. Behind every island another player can wait for you who is not necessarily well-disposed towards you and wants some, if not all, of your loot.

Conclusion

In this review I haven't talked about many aspects, such as other factions, the different types of islands or the different areas into which the Sea of ​​Thieves is divided. But for the simple reason that it is best to discover these things for yourself, because this is simply a very big and very strong aspect of Sea of ​​Thieves: Exploring.

So if you are not too patient or like to play through a game quickly and then switch to the next, I cannot recommend Sea of ​​Thieves. But if you, like me, have a very strong urge to explore huge worlds, can keep a cool head in stressful situations, and have always dreamed of making the sea unsafe as a pirate, I fully recommend this game.
 

Janinus
50 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
68.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 22
Sea of Thieves is about as free-form of an experience as you can get, which is both a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, you could probably spend close to a dozen hours having fun sailing around without ever realizing there is a proper campaign to follow (like I did). And that’s when I discovered that even though its free-roaming gameplay is enjoyable enough, once I realized what these missions, called Tall Tales, were and how to access them they led to some of my favorite moments.
 

ScarFace
52 products in account
0
51 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 8

Not Recommended
27.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 30, 2020
This game is only fun if you have some friends to ♥♥♥♥ around with, but without friends it's just a slog through extremely long and boring fetch quests in order to sell a chest full of gold for a quarter of what its probably worth. I mean why would you sell cash? Even with friends its still a pretty slow and boring game as most of it is just traveling from one island to another trying to make dumb pirate jokes along the way (but those get boring fast) and desperately try to find any part of the small stories interesting.

There is no sort of progression of any kind, there is no story to follow other than the small snippets of missions, and there are no upgrades for gear, ships, or equipment and it feels like there really should be as traveling is so slow and combat is dull. The only reward for missions is gold and levels with whichever clan you did the mission for which just earns you more gold in the next mission and some customizables. The only use of all this gold you earn is customizables (and to purchase other missions but they so cheap you can sell a barrel and get enough to buy them) and most of the customizables are either way to expensive for how lame they look, or just way too expensive.

The only part of the game that I find fun is being able to cosplay as a pirate and listen to sea shanties with your friends while drinking grog until you vomit on each other.
 

Bussy Destroyer
121 products in account
12
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 1

Recommended
26.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2020
Game is supposed to be focused on player interaction but has absolutely broken pvp mechanics which ends up with fights ending in 2 seconds or an infinite chase. Has no real meaningful progression system which leaves missions feeling meaningless. pve elements are really not fun with the whole 1 enemy type you fight the entire game. However, the sea shanties are amazing and the only redeemable feature this game has, they're very fun to play in a group. If this game is ever $5 or less buy it for the sea shanty fun, otherwise I highly advise steering clear from this title.

Update:
Since I've last played pve has been updated quite a bit and a lot of things have been added to the environment. Game is fun to play now but pvp is still very busted so I'd wait for a sale.
 

Vincentenial
151 products in account
0
181 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
80.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 25, 2021
Fun game but community is going downhill. You could find it hard to get started if you're a noob who just wants to play more casually...this game is being taken over by PvP players and if your'e not experienced you're going to get sunk before you can get anything accomplished.
 

peregrine78
37 products in account
0
58 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 4

Not Recommended
355.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 18
If you like chasing ships for literally hours on end, or running away from ships because you are stacked with loot, again for countless hours then this is the game for you. There is no way to catch a ship once it is out of range unless they make ridiculous mistakes, likewise there is no way to stop someone who is chasing you. So its mostly a game of who will get bored and give up first. Usually these sorts of chases last for hours. The failure IMO is that the ship chasing has NOTHING to lose. Even if you sink them they just respawn on the same server with a fresh ship that already has enough supplies for a fight. Meanwhile the ship with loot running has NOTHING to gain if they sink the pursuer and everything to lose if they get sunk. Basically there is NO balance of risk vs reward in these situations which are all to common in the game. As far as I am concerned until this fundamental imbalance is addressed the game is pretty trash.

On top of that the game progression mainly centers around purchasing vanity items. You can have a pretty sword but it doesn't do any more damage than an ugly one for example. Which wouldn't be so bad until you see that something as simple as buying a simple sail that is slightly shorter and therefore easier to see around cost over 8,200,000 gold. Something that would take the sweatiest gamer a couple weeks to accumulate. And that's just for one single item. If you like to unlock everything, it would take multiple lifetimes of several hours a day game play to unlock it all.

To make it worse, after purchasing the game initially they still lock many items behind cash only purchases. Personally I have no issue with game funded by microtransactions. But I will NEVER support microtransactions in a game I already had to pay for. Either the game is free to play with microtransaction or else you purchase the game and there are no microtransactions. I refuse to do both.
 

FullSized
59 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 17

Not Recommended
1,371.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 1, 2020
I have 2800 hours on this game from the Windows Store version (not counting my steam hours). And here I am, still playing, and you might wonder why I'm leaving a negative review.

First of all, this game is great if you want to just chill, do the same fetch quests over and over again, to earn gold that you can't really spend on anything meaningful other than cosmetics.

That is not why I play. I live for the PvP in this game, and I love getting better and getting into new encounters. There's something different every time when you're just out to PvP.

If you find yourself wanting to get into this game because of the PvP elements, I'll list some things below that might really turn you off, and that in my eyes - are the biggest problems with this game being on PC.

Field of View:
The FoV is terrible. It goes to 90 degrees which some people actually claim is way less because its rendered horizontally and not vertically (I've not actually tested this myself). The point being: even at "90" FoV this game looks extremely cramped and constricted, and I hear a lot of people complaining about eye strain and nausea during long play sessions. So if you're used to the usual 100+ FoV from CoD and other shooters, this will likely look very constricted to you.

Weapon Sensitivity:
In an attempt to make it "fair" for Xbox players, there's an implementation that makes your ADS sensitivity much lower than your free-look sensitivity. This maybe wouldn't be that big of a deal, if this was the same on all weapons. But its not. The blunderbuss has the highest ADS sensitivity, and the pistol and sniper have even lower but still two different ones. That means there's no consistency. You cant get used to a certain sensitivity, cause depending on what guns you're using, it will always vary when you ADS.

Weapon Balance:
A lot of people like the sword, so naturally they've been pushing Rare to buff it. At this stage the sword is just overpowered. When you get hit, you get hard stun-locked in place and there's no getting away before whoever is slicing you has finished their combo. A combo is 3 hits, and it only takes 4 hits to kill you. The sword also has ridiculous range. It is almost surreal when you're using it, cause it seems like the sword is about 3 times longer than it actually is in your hand. You can hit things from miles away basically.

Hit Registration:
This game has suffered from bad hit-reg since the beginning. And when I say bad, I mean bad. It takes 2 shots to kill people with either pistol or sniper, or one of each. But take that with a grain of salt, as it usually takes 3, sometimes 4, sometimes 5, or more if you're really unlucky. A good chunk of your bullets just wont register when you hit another player. This combined with an overpowered sword makes wielding 2 guns pretty lame if that's what you wanna do.

Conclusion:
This game is alright. If you're into PvE and fetch quests, you might get 20 or 30 hours out of this game. But even then, you're basically just doing the same thing over and over again. Grab quest, sail to island, dig a chest, fight a skeleton, head back, and repeat. There's only one type of enemy (skeleton), and there's not really any variation in quests, other than the type of item you'll be bringing back. The gold you earn cannot be spent on anything meaningful either. There's no upgrades, and no truly unique cosmetics that you can unlock from actually playing the game. The only really rare cosmetics are from old twitch drops and game codes that came with a SoT branded Xbox controller. (These are no longer available and wont be ever again, which is why they are the only really rare skins in the game.)

If you're getting into the game because of the PvP elements, you might get 2000 hours out of the game like me, if you're willing to deal with everything I've mentioned above. But i guarantee you, 70% of your failures in this game will be frustrating because its the games fault most of the time, like the hit registration failing and losing you a crucial battle etc.

You'll also have to deal with the large majority of the playerbase in this game calling you "toxic" because you steal their loot. A large majority of the players in this game apparently would much rather grind fetch quests undisturbed than ever engage in PvP, so just be aware that you'll be called names if you like to heavily engage in PvP.

If you read this far, thank you, and I hope I helped you make a decision on this game. Leave a comment if you feel like and I'll try to answer the best i can.

Heres a great video that sums up the combat in SoT:

YouTube™ Video: Rare have broken Sea of Thieves combat beyond repair - Hitreg, Backtrack and more 
Views: 5,018
Rare have been gradually breaking Sea of thieves over the last 3 years. Thank you to everyone that submitted their clips to make this video possible.
 

TheCobra
201 products in account
97
12 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
82.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 14
This game is like Darth Maul: absolutely awesome
 

Sans the Skeleton
8 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
46.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2020
A fun game to play with friends
 

Karva Keisari
89 products in account
0
15 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
81.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 24, 2021
Very pirate
 

Ball Muncher
52 products in account
0
9 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
210.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2020
เล่นเพลินดี ยิ่งเล่นกับเพื่อนยิ่งสนุก แต่ping เยอะไปหน่อย :]
 

ห้ะ อะไรนะ[★]
222 products in account
0
42 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
153.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 12
pirate
 

Barguit
113 products in account
5
13 people found this review helpful 3

Recommended
2,856.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
No game has brought more memories, adventure, and stories. It is even the reason I started making content and streaming! It is by far one of the most incredible games I have ever played and I couldn't recommend it enough. If you have ever dreamed of being a pirate on the open waters jump this is the game for you.
 

HitboTC
32 products in account
2
11 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
142.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
Product received for free

I definitely have over 1000 hours in this game already through the Microsoft store and it is a type of game experience no other game can give you. I'm very glad it has finally come to Steam.
There is no stat progression, it is all skill based and cosmetics, everyone is on equal footing and the game rewards tactics, aim and clever ways of beating your opponents through raw power or trickery... or friendship if that is your cup of tea.

Do not be afraid of losing, and always look for opportunities.

I recieved the game for free on Steam because I was invited to the Beta testing here.
 

Gromek
798 products in account
0
271 people found this review helpful
53 people found this review funny 31

Not Recommended
57.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2021
This is a game I play with friends when they want to play it themselves, but I'd never EVER set foot in it of my own volition. In its current state, it's a game that lives and breathes toxicity while also looking visually pretty and having an interesting gameplay loop.

There is basically zero depth in the progression system because all you have to use as a pirate is the small set of weapons you are given, and as you play more you receive nothing new except for cosmetics and titles. As it is a live service game, the nice cosmetics are all locked in the microtransaction store, but whatever. That's nowhere near the biggest problem with this game.

PVE is a slog, since you're spending literal hours sailing to faraway locations for fetch quests, and bosses in high-tier activities take way too long to kill. It also doesn't help pacing when you see that some bosses (if not all; I haven't encountered every single one), if not kept constantly under attack, will heal themselves at any chance they get. It's incredibly annoying. Nothing has a health bar.

To add insult to injury, PVP is a hugely toxic mess that plagues this game like a nasty group of piranhas. Nobody puts any thought into killing anyone, they just do it; regardless of whether their target has loot or their ship is freshly spawned. See a sloop in the distance? It's probably already on its way over to you and you'll be sunk in a few minutes. All that loot you spent hours gathering that you're taking to an outpost to sell? It's all undone in a heartbeat if another group of players wants it. This is the pain point that toxic players (pretty much all of the vocal playerbase) will crucify you for if you bring it up at all.

Even worse is that players trying to do story missions ("tall tales") will be sunk without warning by PVP players. The tall tales that Rare has made available are great fun, and would do well to have their own separate mode away from the toxicity of PVP, but Rare has apparently already firmly made their stance that this will never, ever happen. It's really a toss-up if you're going to get followed by a nasty couple of pirates for your entire session, or if you'll be lucky enough to be left alone for most of it. Again, any time the topic of "why isn't there instanced tall tales, PVP is ruining this game for me" is brought up in discussion boards, it will get shot down by absolutely anyone for reasons such as "balance," "get good," and other such annoyances.

When my friends decide to give this game a chance and we really get into a story mission that we enjoy and get sunk twice by the same sloop, completely unprovoked, and then they never want to play the game again, it becomes a textbook example of a badly designed multiplayer game with a tone-deaf development team.

I'll also mention (because this irks me a lot, and I know it's minor) the fact that this is a game that's also released on PC, not just Xbox, and the FOV slider is locked to a maximum of 90 (which is sickening and much better suited to couch gameplay). Luckily, the Steam community found a way to bypass this lock and open the FOV up to a more comfortable level through a config edit. For whatever reason, Rare thought this would give players an unfair advantage (how?), and with the Pirate's Life patch they disabled this fix outright, even boasting about it in the changelog. To spit in the face of a playerbase that is so comfortable with higher FOVs for the sake of "balance" in a game that doesn't require competitive integrity whatsoever is just gross.

I guess the toxicity really gets lost in an amalgamation of this game's effort to keep to its theme, like how it has almost no persistent UI elements except for your health bar, and the writing is tastefully mixed in rhymes. Because the playerbase is about as toxic as real pirates would be. It's kind of hilarious.

The only way to have fun in this game is to find players at sea who are new to it, and help them have a good time; because nice players is what this game sorely lacks.
 

firstname bunchofnumbers
404 products in account
5
28 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 2

Recommended
15.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 12, 2021
First person pirate game from rare. It does have it's hard moments. Thankfully death really isn't that bad.. you can try to see if a mate can res you or you get taken to a ghost ship to wait for a 20 second respawn timer. If your ship is lost you can get it back with a helpful mermaid. Has a flintlock, blunderbuss, and a early version of a sniper, plus your sword. Ships have cannons with multiple shot types, harpoons, etc. Plenty of playful pets.
 

RetroJaro
3,451 products in account
1
800 people found this review helpful
347 people found this review funny 29

Not Recommended
105.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2020
I wish there was a neutral review for games because that is what I would rate this in its current state.


***Pros***

Graphics:
The game is beautiful. In fact, it is the best-looking water, sun and sky I have seen in a game. The colors are vibrant and pleasing on the eye.

Sailing:
Sailing is meditative for me. It almost feels real and listening to the ocean is relaxing.

PvE Quest:
They are enjoyable. I really like finding a riddle in bottle and trying to solve it. Tall Tales are great (if you are able to complete them without people killing you). Digging up treasure and finding other items is also really fun.


***Cons***

Forced PvP:
I understand what they were trying to go for, but humans suck and they go out of their way to ruin your gameplay. They either need to add PvE servers, private servers or allow you to host a game and have your friends connect. People say doing this will ruin the game, but they are wrong. Ark and 7 days to die do it and those games are doing just fine.

Being killed in port:
There are pirate rules written on the wall when you first spawn in the pub that say all matters will be settled at sea. Well guess what, people aren't following those rules. If they don’t want to make PvE or private servers, then make ports and islands neutral where you can’t attack people or steal loot. However, once you get out into open sea it can become far game then. That would be a test of skill for all these die hard PvPers then.

Toxic community:
Being killed is one thing, but being harassed while it happens is another. Kids and even one time a kid and his Dad were yelling and saying horrible things while killing my wife and I. This is another reason for private servers, PvE servers or local host game play.

Community in General:
I absolutely LOVE everything about this game except the community. We can’t play without people attacking non-stop and then you lose an hour or two of work and gain nothing. You are always out numbered and no one, and I mean NO ONE will help you. Everyone just shoots at first sight. There is zero cooperation in this game. PvP would be fine if it was a fair fight (1v1 or 2v2), but it never is. You are ALWAYS outnumbered and those people think they are good at the game because four of them killed a solo sloop.

Needs more PvE:
Needs more enemy types and more variety of quest. The ones they have now are fun, but they just need to add more to spice it up a bit.


My wife and I still want to play this game, but if we continue to be killed and harassed, we are just going to have to quit. We just want to play a relaxing pirate game where we can hunt treasure and do quest. I really hope they add PvE because you are isolating a HUGE demographic of people that would pay to play your game.

Be smart Rare and add PvE servers. You will make more money this way. Other games do it and they are successful.

This game would be a 10/10 in my opinion, but right now it’s a 4/10 with the forced PvP. Way to stressful for people who just want to relax and treasure hunt after a long hard day of work.

_______________________________________________________

Update:
Screw this game, screw the toxic community and screw Rare. Do NOT buy this game and support this type of behavior. Wife and I are uninstalling.

Rare goes and creates private servers, but no gold or rep farming? Why? It DOESN’T impact ANYONE by playing solo or PvE. Everything is cosmetic so who cares!!! I could spend hundreds of hours just sailing around and treasure hunting by myself. That is fun to me despite people telling me it would be boring. They don’t get to decide what I think is fun or not.

This game definitely needs some PVE servers. Rare if you implement this I will return and even pay money in your in-game shop because I do like some of the ship cosmetics. But until then, screw you and your toxic game.

You don’t understand people at all. Give them PvP only and it will bring out the worst in people. You don’t even listen to the LARGE community asking for PvE. Terrible company.

Overall Score: 4/10 with the potential to be a 10/10 with PvE servers.
 

Zaku Kai
99 products in account
0
136 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
687.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 22, 2021
.
 

Philly
77 products in account
0
16 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
182.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2021
Best pirate game
 

SHAN
33 products in account
0
30 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
2.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 4, 2021
Awesome game ruined by toxic players.
 

MrBlaque
27 products in account
0
22 people found this review helpful
65 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
33.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2020
Arr Arrrr, Arr Arrr Ar Arrrr, Ar ar ar Arrrrr

Arr Ar Arrrr Ar Ar?

Ar !
 

The Main Character
65 products in account
0
25 people found this review helpful 0

Not Recommended
14.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 25
After hours of floating around this ocean you finally get the feel of things and complete adventures but only to be found by other players and killed on sight. Theres more of them so you just die and did all the work clearing out the base and collecting treasure for them. this game can ♥♥♥♥ off , people complain its a dying
game then kill everybody on sight and wonder where everybody has gone.
 

LollyBOMB
449 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
5.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 8
I have put so many hours into this game through the windows store but have recently switched to the steam version because microsoft store is bad lolz. This game is easily a 10/10 and one of the most fun games I've ever played. I've owned this game since day one on my xbox and have watched the development grow into something truly spectacular. I understand that this game is not for everyone, however, it is most definitely not "boring" as many people say. If you find this game boring, I genuinely question your level of imagination.
 

Jaroodie
311 products in account
0
17 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
180.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
Sea of Thieves is one of the best multiplayer coop experience you can currently get. It highly depends of your crew, you and up to your 3 friends can join to have your own adventure. The beauty of this game is that it does not have any progress in developing your character. At first it may seems pretty repetitive and boring. There is no way to make your ship stronger, or character do more damage. This makes every encounter on the seas challenging. The only progress that you can make is by knowing the core mechanics better, and use them to your advantage. By smart managing your ship and using all variety of different cannonballs it is deffinietly possible to sink a 4 person galleon while flying 2 person sloop. The only things that you can buy for money are clothes and different skins to your weapons and equipment, but you won’t gets any benefits by using endgame and rare varieties of this skins. You can look whatever you like fitting in many different sets of clothes not losing any stats. Game had a pretty rough start in 2018 by a lack of content but now Rare took a good care of their masterpiece by adding regularly new content and even new core mechanics such as fire. Rare is one of the most transparent and connected to community companies I’ve ever seen. They love their game and care about community. The updates are well thought and makes changes that make me go back every time the new update is released. However this is not game for everyone. Its mainly for people that have lots of free time to spare. Quick in-and-out voyages can become a long hours of traveling thru seas collenting more and more loot just to the point that other crew will decide to attack you and steal all the loot. Yes this game is PVP ONLY. That doesn’t necessarily means that everyday you would find someone so desperate to kill you, that he will chase you thru all map and eventually get you in confrontation. BUT loosing your hard earned progress just few minutes away from outpost in with u would cash in your loot is a part of game. I literally have a THIEV word in the title so by setting sail be sure that you will eventually lose many thousands cash by other players. It is in my opinion a great test whether you really like this game. If you would sail for like a 4/5 hours on duo sloop with your friend just to be downed by a galleon of reapers bones, and after a break to chill after this loss you would still want to play and maybe make up what your lost. It is definitely a game that I would recommend with all my heart. After 1.5 year, couple hundred hours, and millions in cash stolen from me I am still waiting with a smile on my face to buy this game second time, just to have an hour counter. I love the aesthetics, unique climate, developers and every part (except double gunning) of this masterpiece. I you are not sure just buy a 1 dollar trial on xbox game pass with your buddies and give it a shot like I did in march 2019. Trust me you won’t regret.
 

Kartosz Brzeminsky
414 products in account
0
55 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 5

Not Recommended
127.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2021
New free content every season is neat.

What's not neat is seeing that your players have an issue with the default maximum FoV setting (90° horizontal), seeing that they've found a way to get around that and make the game actually playable, and then patching it out.

You're literally preventing people who get motion sickness at a lower FoV from enjoying your game. Why are you doing this?
 

Tender Tanneroni
1,532 products in account
8
133 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 8

Not Recommended
152.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2021
"Ahoy there,

Thank you for your ticket.

The FOV modification for Steam players was never intentional and has been removed in order to restore the intended settings of Sea of Thieves.

There are no intentions to change this in future.

Best regards,
Sea of Thieves - Player Support"

Had fun playing this game for about three weeks before Rare decided to break increasing FOV for PC users and called it a fix. I have issue with decreasing utility and accessibility for one platform to make it "fair" for another platform. Narrow field of view gives some eye strain and motion sickness on PC because users are usually much closer to the screen than console users. At least I didn't invest more than a month into this. Uninstalled.

EDIT: To add, Simulator sickness[en.wikipedia.org], where some pilots have issues with stationary flight simulators and it applies to video games as well, has even been known about since the 50s. It didn't really become an issue for video games until first person and 3D environments developed enough, but Sea of Thieves can be argued to make the issue worse because of the constant bobbing motion of the ships when sailing.
 

81
1,288 products in account
3
8 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
122.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2021
Please let me fish in peace
 

EGG
30 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
404.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2020
ගහනවනම් සුපිරිම game එකක් තමා
තනියම ගහන්න එපා පුලුවන්නම් තව යාලුවෝ එක්ක ගහන්න
 

T4B
112 products in account
0
8 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
101.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2020
Work like a captain, play like a pirate.
 

Fossfosu
435 products in account
0
No one has rated this review as helpful yet 2

Recommended
134.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2021
good game.. fov takes like weeks or months to get used to.. but.. ye
 

peepoHarp
79 products in account
0
43 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Not Recommended
315.5 hrs on record
Posted: December 9, 2020
Grind. Get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reward. Grind more. More ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rewards. Finish grinding. Reach endgame. Find out there is no endgame. Grind somewhere else. Go insane. Start sinking other players ships because there is nothing to do. Get no satisfaction because the grind killed you inside.
 

The entire population of (S)pain
220 products in account
8
77 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 7

Not Recommended
99.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 23
Probably going to get hate for this but after playing it for hours and loving it at first I finally have to admit that the game kind of sucks and really just isn't for me for the following reasons:

1: I want to hunt sharks but there aren't any anymore.

During all of my play time for the last month I have not seen a single megalodon and thats what I enjoy doing most. Killing megs. They were everywhere when I first started playing. Where the hell did they go? This is my biggest complaint and I would deal with my other issue just to hunt sharks if there were sharks but I haven't seen one in ages and the aggravation of my second complaint has finally wont out.

2: No way to opt out of PVP.

I suck at PVP in this game so lets get that out of the way. I also only ever play solo because I just want to chill and sail my boat around fun and fancy free. I don't care to talk to people when I just want to sail my boat. I am always only a hapless victim and get murdered. Of the dozens of times Ive been ambushed I have won exactly zero fights and have improved only marginally, and that's to say nothing of the dozens of times I've come back to a wreck because someone burned down my ship and stole my ♥♥♥♥ while I was on an island doing a quest. I don't enjoy pvp in games like this. Losing a fight wastes the time I spend doing the parts of the game I actually enjoy and generally kills whatever good vibes I get / got from sailing my boat around.

I genuinely think its stupid that people think this isnt a valid complaint. A pvp only area would only improve the pvp aspect of the game since the people who like a good fight wouldnt run into people like me who arent able to give them one, and people like me wouldnt have to take a fight we know we're going to lose anyway or spend half an hour getting chased across the map just to die anyway. The only reason I can see being against seperated pvp / pve areas or servers would be if people WANT to steal ♥♥♥♥ from hapless victims which is fundamentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design since it fundamentally CANNOT be fun for the victim.

I get that its called sea of "thieves" but good lord when everyone you meet just murders you and steals your ♥♥♥♥ it gets old quickly.

I genuinely loved sailing around and just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about in this game but the pvp ruined it for me since everyone is, well, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirate.

So if you just want to sail a boat and go on adventures don't waste your time here. People will steal your ♥♥♥♥ and call you gay.
 

Dezrath
187 products in account
0
13 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
479.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2020
Product received for free

Extremely happy to finally see Sea of Thieves on Steam! Feels everyone has been waiting for this for a very long time, One of my biggest reasons for not playing much the past year is I would constantly forget I even had SoT, Multiple game platforms really confused me so this put a big smile on my face to see!

Sea of Thieves is a very unique game, I haven't come across anything like it ever. Some players will want to dive right into the PvP side of things and others will get lost in thoughts while starring at the beautiful water and effects in game! With SoT solo is the games "hard mode" if you really want to challenge yourself. You can have up to 4 players on the largest ship which could make for some really fun sessions with a group of friends. Tall Tales are the story mode of the game and highly recommend trying that out, the quests are unique with puzzles and riddles! Super fun!

Updates come out often and they balance a lot of things within the game before it ever becomes a real problem, Their support team are great whenever you have an issue they work the best to help fix your problem.

Purchase the game, Set sail and have fun grabbing all the booty along the way!
Thank You for bringing this to Steam! <3



Update 2022

I probably have about 1k hrs in SoT between Steam and the Microsoft store version, I will say even after 1000 hours the game doesn't get any easier for solo game play. In fact the game has gotten more and more difficult to enjoy as a solo player.

Example:

All the new AI's that spawn like crazy when you try to do anything in game. I had a island where a boss spawned, ghost phantoms and ocean crawlers all at the same time while trying to dig one item alone.... it took 20mins to get that one item then I get jumped by 3 player ship while trying to get my Coral Curse that costs doubloons to do... I don't care about being sunk or killed in a video game or whatever but when I'm doing something that costs doubloons to do it feels I'm being punished as a player for trying to enjoy the game.

Great game for friends
Bad game for casual solo play, you feel punished for trying to enjoy anything in the game.

Love this game so much but there is zero to little love for solo players. SoT is a hard game to gather people to play since you can't just get on for 30mins and get off, Time has to be dedicated to playing which makes it very hard to get people to play even more so if you have to make a larger boat.

Play with friends. Save your sanity.
 

Twink
380 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 10

Recommended
4,965.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2020
Social Media:
Twitter
Instagram[www.instagram.com]
Facebook[www.facebook.com]


YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0
 

Abadon
6,070 products in account
0
10 people found this review helpful 1

Recommended
126.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2021
This game is a lot of fun, especially when playing with friends!
You can explore, make a ton of money and even do tall tales. Each encounter with another player also makes you wonder if you'll be playing music or battling to the death.
So, all in all, I don't have many complaints!
However, I've encountered many player who were rude, calling other's names because "they're trash," which can be funny at first, but in all honesty, just makes the game a little less enjoyable in the long run.
 

BecaChu
81 products in account
0
