SHOW
MOST HELPFUL (ALL TIME)
ALL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
About Reviews
2,120 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 285

Recommended
120.1 hrs on record
Posted: 7 March, 2021
Imagine you're working in a 9-5 corporate job, you're done with your work, you come back home, log onto Steam, see your games list for 5 seconds, buy a game on sale that you're never going to play and then switch off your PC and go to a bar. While having a drink, you think of the good times when games used to be fun and authentic. But then you tell yourself, the problem isn't the games, its you. "Its not that games aren't fun anymore, you have gotten older".

And then I play Witcher 3. And suddenly I can't wait to get myself home after work. Do you have any idea how precious that feeling is ? The feeling that you are actually immersed in the protagonist' shoes. I find myself in anticipation and excitement for the new adventures that are waiting for me, I think while driving back home...."Where is this story headed ? What new places and characters I will meet ?" And lets not talk about the characters. I thought myself as a guy who's dead on the inside and somehow these characters made me laugh, chuckle and empathise at the same time. I haven't felt these feelings for a game since 2008 when I played games such as Final Fantasy 12, Metal Gear Solid 3. Was I wrong to think that I was the problem and not the gaming industry that's shelling out mediocre AAA games with no memorable characters or storyline ?

And I got this game for 3$. 3$ !! And that includes the DLC ! I honestly feel I looted these amazing devs. And I paid twice for games that are not even worth playing. 23 hours in and I still haven't scratched the surface of the story. The side quests are actually fun. I find myself doing the side quests more because its feels like I am watching another episode of the "Witcher 3 TV show". I love this open world, I actually take my time wandering around and exploring every nook and cranny. I haven't done this since GTA San Andreas. I look at some distant island or mountain that I find interesting and I decide to just walk there just for the fun of it. That's how beautiful this Open World this. This is Open World game done right.

Thank you CD Projekt Red. You guys are a gem. I know its 5 years late and I don't know why it took me 5 years to play this, but better late than never.
 

Dio1991
168 products in account
48
1,418 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 79

Recommended
160.9 hrs on record
Posted: 16 December, 2020
The worst thing about this game is that we'll never get to experience it for the first time again.

10/10
 

☂️ Portal
256 products in account
22
1,589 people found this review helpful
1,200 people found this review funny 84

Recommended
189.2 hrs on record
Posted: 12 February
Thanks to this game my family, friends and my boyfriend started to value me more because they haven't seen me for 2 weeks.
 

Aleeya
95 products in account
2
2,075 people found this review helpful
887 people found this review funny 108

Recommended
104.4 hrs on record
Posted: 26 January
I threw the baby into the oven.
 

Cerro
65 products in account
29
4,823 people found this review helpful
117 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
188.9 hrs on record
Posted: 29 May, 2017
This game made me so miserable .
The writing can be as funny as heartbreaking
The Voice acting is one of the greatest i've ever heard
A lot of the time , the many side quest were as awesome or even better than the main story (That is already amazing )

Pro : The whole game
Con : Absolutely nothing

It's one of the greatest gaming experience I've ever had in my 24 years on this earth.
 

E-T
326 products in account
21
7,474 people found this review helpful
997 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
207.6 hrs on record
Posted: 16 June, 2017
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt review

Monsters? ✔
People who are worse than monsters? ✔
Naked girls? ✔
More naked girls? ✔
Even more naked girls? ✔
Nude scenes? ✔
Superb voice acting? ✔
Mind-blowingly good storyline? ✔
An amazing 1st DLC, worth every penny? ✔
An even better 2nd DLC? ✔
5 Gigantic open world areas? ✔ (Sorry Skyrim Skellige alone is as big as you)
Beautiful environment? ✔
New Game +? ✔
No micro transactions? ✔
Ubisoft? Hell no m8's
In depth & amazing characters? ✔
Unbelievably good atmosphere? ✔
Soundtrack that is beyond awesome? ✔
Base game GOTY 2015 + Blood and Wine GOTY 2016? ✔
800 awards? ✔ Sorry every other game ever made
Prevented Fallout 4 getting GOTY? ✔
Not a single bad thing to say? ✔
RIP social life? ✔

Cons:
No NG ++

I have never played a game quite like The Witcher 3. You literally feel like you are Geralt, and you become connected to all the characters asif they really were your family.


Summary:

I would highly recommend The Witcher 3 to any RPG/mass content hungry gamers, it is a masterpiece.



Game devs take note, CD Projekt Red actually make finished uncut games, plus DLC'S.

500/10 would Witcher again

YEN PLZ MOAR I LUV U
 

Cuz
129 products in account
40
3,123 people found this review helpful
370 people found this review funny 62

Recommended
2,229.3 hrs on record
Posted: 25 June, 2017
I am 75 years old and really enjoyed this game. In this game I could do all the things I was once able to do but in my twilight years can no longer do. There should be more games like this for us seniors. The graphics were exellent. I very much dislike and dismiss the cartoon type graphics in most other games. The visual aspects of the game were superb, realistic and sometimes even breathtaking. The attention given to detail needs to be congratulated. The storyline was only just satisfactory but this was complemented by all the interesting charecters involved. Please continue to amaze us gamers with your excellent work.
 

avskrinskas
12 products in account
121
775 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
168.7 hrs on record
Posted: 24 December, 2019
There is a reason why The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has an average rating of around 98%. The storytelling, the graphics, the atmosphere, the voice actors, the overall scope of the game, the soundtrack and almost everything else is absolutely stunning and TOP NOTCH. I've been playing the same savegame for almost 100 hours now and I still haven't finished the main storyline and sidequests of the main game. Where else do you get so much game content for your money?

Of course, the game has some small weaknesses and bugs, but considering what you get in the Game of the Year Edition for a price of only 14,99 € (during the Holiday Sales for example) is simply amazing.

You really have to play this game, but make sure to install the "The Witcher 3 HD Reworked Project" mod (can be found on Nexus Mods) as well. It makes the game look even better while not asking for too much more performance from your PC.

I am not a big RPG fan, nor do I like writing reviews on Steam, but this game is a solid 9,8/10!

Edit: It took me 168.5 hours and about 4 weeks to complete the game with both the big DLCs. Good stuff! :)
 

ath3ris_
1,553 products in account
6
1,530 people found this review helpful
46 people found this review funny 183

Recommended
219.0 hrs on record
Posted: 10 June, 2021
Imagine you're working in a 9-5 corporate job, you're done with your work, you come back home, log onto Steam, see your games list for 5 seconds, buy a game on sale that you're never going to play and then switch off your PC and go to a bar. While having a drink, you think of the good times when games used to be fun and authentic. But then you tell yourself, the problem isn't the games, its you. "Its not that games aren't fun anymore, you have gotten older".

And then I play Witcher 3. And suddenly I can't wait to get myself home after work. Do you have any idea how precious that feeling is ? The feeling that you are actually immersed in the protagonist' shoes. I find myself in anticipation and excitement for the new adventures that are waiting for me, I think while driving back home...."Where is this story headed ? What new places and characters I will meet ?" And lets not talk about the characters. I thought myself as a guy who's dead on the inside and somehow these characters made me laugh, chuckle and empathise at the same time. I haven't felt these feelings for a game since 2008 when I played games such as Final Fantasy 12, Metal Gear Solid 3. Was I wrong to think that I was the problem and not the gaming industry that's shelling out mediocre AAA games with no memorable characters or storyline ?

And I got this game for 3$. 3$ !! And that includes the DLC ! I honestly feeling I looted these amazing devs. And I paid twice for games that are not even worth playing. 23 hours in and I still haven't scratched the surface of the story. The side quests are actually fun. I find myself doing the side quests more because its feels like I am watching another episode of the "Witcher 3 TV show". I love this open world, I actually take my time wandering around and exploring every nook and cranny. I haven't done this since GTA San Andreas. I look at some distant island or mountain that I find interesting and I decide to just walk there just for the fun of it. That's how beautiful this Open World this. This is Open World game done right.

Thank you CD Projekt Red. You guys are a gem. I know its 5 years late and I don't know why it took me 5 years to play this, but better late than never.
 

Kowbel
79 products in account
38
2,087 people found this review helpful
83 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
658.5 hrs on record
Posted: 6 June, 2015
The best way to embrace the true greatness of this game is to look on how the series has improved since the first and the second part of The Witcher. You simply won't find anything that hasn't changed for the better.

- Vast open world that IS NOT randomly created and filled with dull stuff,
- Story which engages you from the first 10 minutes to the very end,
- Graphics, even despite the whole controversy of a thing called downgrade, still makes this game THE BEST LOOKING RPG ever created,
- Soundtrack, it finally goes back to the style presented originally in The Witcher 1, something that makes you forget that's just the video game, it gives you the feeling you are in there, in some village, city or that you are fighting with someone / something, which turns every single battle into an unforgettable memory,
- Every single side quest, and believe me, there is A LOT of them, is actually a little story that keeps you playing with the same force as the main quests - I call it - a new quality in RPGs,
- Choices and their impact on the story - even a small choice that seems insignificant at the time can wage on the whole world around you,
- THIS GAME IS MATURE, finally a game dealing with a lot of subjects which are usually handled very childishly or not at all,
- Combat - nothing more to add, it's decent, though it's nothing to be praised really, you won't be able to mash buttons and win - you have to dodge, use signs, and on higher difficulties get yourself ready to have an oil for a specific enemy and a bomb to be able to put an end to his or her misery.

The Witcher 3 is not a game without its flaws, although nothing that can't be fixed - some balance issues, economy basically showing Geralt as a very wealthy person (who he should not be), small performance problems like stuttering in Novigrad and in my opinion very limited after the end content (fixed by the expansions). Many of the things I struggled with have been already fixed and there is no need to disclose them.

All in all, one of the best games in the last few years (even a decade).
 

HAnthinG
380 products in account
98
440 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
2,128.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 2
Great game. If you want to escape reality and just relax en enjoy another world. Go roam in the world of The Witcher.
 

alvadertbh
72 products in account
4
555 people found this review helpful
69 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
141.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 14, 2018
The only bad thing about this game is the emptiness you feel after finishing it.
 

Nikolas573
70 products in account
12
1,037 people found this review helpful
184 people found this review funny 44

Recommended
23.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 1
silver for monsters
steel for humans
coin for your witcher
 

keyori
19 products in account
14
1,014 people found this review helpful
53 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
225.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 11, 2017
Since playing this I have a legit fear that there won't be any game like this anymore.
 

Vaunire
408 products in account
25
419 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
136.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 28, 2021
A game where side quests are more entertaining then other games main stories
 

K
1,045 products in account
4
1,198 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
366.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 21, 2019
My personal Game of the Decade
 

JinchurikiAC2007
179 products in account
14
564 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
648.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2018
28 years of gaming, this is the greatest game I have ever played and likely will ever play. Bought it on release day in 2015 and came here todau just to write this because someone asked me at work today if this game was any good.

My only regrets are that no other game can compare to it, and I can never experience it fresh again. It may have ruined all future games I will ever play.

11/10 . Wish I could do it all over again.
 

Powdered_Toast_Man
80 products in account
0
393 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
124.3 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2020
You know how when you complete a good TV show or book series you always feel empty cause you got attached to the characters and you know you will never enjoy their company again?
Imagine how miserable you are gonna feel when you finish a 120-hour story rich game.
 

Ivarr Odinsson
1,650 products in account
10
803 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
148.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 30, 2017
So we got a game in 2015, the complaint of which for many people was overwhelming content
We got a DLC for the game in 2015 which was better than all the games in the year
We got a DLC for the game in 2016 which was better and had more content than most games in the year
The base game and DLC together costed less than most AAA games of the year

A game that had an artistic vision, a game that wanted to push boundaries in terms of narrative and choice/consequence based decision making in a living and breathing open world, with characters that are memorable and relatable. A game whose developers knew what gamers wanted. WItcher 3 has launched CDPR into the league of great developers like Looking Glass, Rockstar, Valve, old-Bioware etc.....

My only complain with this game is that it made other modern games feel obsolete.

This is the game of the generation by such a huge margin, it's not even funny.
 

Marimo
423 products in account
18
982 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 147

Recommended
294.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2020
👪Player Bases:
☐ Kids.
☐ Everyone.
☑ Mature.
☑ Casual Players.
☐ Pro players.

⛺Graphics:
☐ Potato.
☐ Bad.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☐ Beautiful.
☑ Masterpiece.
👉 Screenshot lovers will love it! The Witcher 3 is filled with so many beautiful landscapes

Some helpful tips to take nice screenshots :
- In the settings you can set a hotkey to turn the HUD off
- You can use NVIDIA Ansel with Alt+F2, roam around with it and take the perfect shot

🎮Gameplay:
☐ Terrible.
☐ Bad.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☑ Fantastic.
👉 A vast world to explore, as said previously beautiful landscapes, so many details and great immersion
There aren't as many dungeons as expected though
Stuff to find/craft and customise, vast character builds
The game mechanics are almost the same as in The Witcher 2, easy to learn but takes some time to master.

💀Difficulty:
☐ Easy.
☐ Medium.
☑ Hard.
👉 Ironically this is the difficulty I felt when playing on Death March .
The first 7 levels might prove to be quite hard but after some grinding (and also getting used to the game's mechanics) you shouldn't struggle with quests that are not more than 5 levels above your character level.
Basically the higher the difficulty, the more you will need to grind
☐ Very Hard.
☐ Death March.

⌛Game length:
☐ Really Short. ( 0 - 3 hours)
☐ Short. ( 3 - 8 hours)
☐ Medium. ( 8 - 20 hours)
☐ Long. ( 20 - 40 hours)
☐ Very Long ( 40 - 60 hours)
☑ Extremely Long (60+ hours)
👉 200h for the main game
      30h for Heart of Stone
      60h for Blood & Wine
(Every Quests/?/Achievements in the game included and rarely used fast travel)
☐ Endless

📖Story:
☐ It Doesn't Have One.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Bad.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☑ Fantastic.
👉 Very complex story and deep character development, many emotional moments and lots of lore to explore.
I sometimes had to do some research to understand the context or the backstory though. I recommend watching YT videos that summarise the previous games, it does help

🎬Cinematic/Art:
☐ It Doesn't Have.
☐ Horrible.
☐ Bad.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☑ Like Watching A Movie.
👉 Again, screenshot lovers will love it.
The scenes and the shots are so well done, that I sometimes feel like I'm living the adventure with Geralt

🎵Music/Sound:
☐ Horrible.
☐ Bad.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☑ Amazing.
👉 The soundtrack is so good I added the Witcher 3 album to my playlist ( The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Album )
The sound effects are really immersive, you can hear the wind howling , animal noises and even tree branches crackling. There are just so many details!

💸Price:
☑ Full Price.
☐ Wait For Sale.
☐ Refund It If You Can.
☐ Don't Buy It.
☐ Free.

🚀Requirements:
☐ Minimum.
☐ Medium.
☑ Fast.
👉 ~45 fps on High Settings with a GTX 1050
☑ Super Computer.
👉 Ultra
NVIDIA HairWorks also needs a lot of power

🐞Bugs:
☐ Game Itself Is One Big BUG.
☐ Game Breaking Bugs.
☐ Lots of bugs.
☑ Few Bugs.
👉 Some clipping and other minor bugs not worth mentioning.
All the bugs I've encountered were either negligible or just needed a simple reboot.
☐ Nothing.

📝Final:
☐ Terrible.
☐ Bad.
☐ Average.
☐ Good.
☐ Great.
☑ Fantastic.

🌐Others:
Multiplayer: ☐
Singleplayer: ☑

💯Final Score:
10/10
 

Xyoz Quasar
259 products in account
40
680 people found this review helpful
54 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
143.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 15
I'm an idiot for not playing this earlier, this is actually great : the game
 

RyoKami
287 products in account
0
503 people found this review helpful
191 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
109.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 4, 2019
I bought this game for 15€ on a sale.

Big mistake, should have bought it for full price.
 

Vidsick
232 products in account
2
593 people found this review helpful
113 people found this review funny 25

Recommended
48.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2021
-Silver for monsters. 🗡️

-Steel for humans. ⚔️

-Coin for your Witcher ! 💰
 

Santhmaer
59 products in account
0
350 people found this review helpful
337 people found this review funny 18

Recommended
1,305.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 1, 2021
You can do everything you can't do in real life, like casting magic and talking to girls
 

ℜ𝔢𝔮𝔲𝔦𝔢𝔪
1,699 products in account
0
477 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
217.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2017
One of those games that's so immersive, it will leave you profoundly sad once you've reached the end.
 

alwaysmorelmn
64 products in account
7
397 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
407.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2021
Still holds up to this day and still one of the best gaming experiences i've ever had
 

DEZi GaYSeNBerG
882 products in account
0
602 people found this review helpful
49 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
1,304.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2018
Just f*cking buy it already.
Play on easy if you want to feel like a god
Play on hard if you want to feel like a witcher
Mods take it from a 10/10 to a 12/10

On a scale of terrible to fabulous
Combat: Good, not great
Story: Fabulous
Sounds/Music: Fabulous
Visuals: Fabulous
Characters: Fabulous
Pacing: Fabulous
Content: Fabulous
DLC: Fabulous

This game should be worth $200, it's on sale for $20.
 

jahjeet
104 products in account
0
473 people found this review helpful
81 people found this review funny 97

Recommended
107.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2021
I quit cocaine to play Witcher.

Real ♥♥♥♥ I actually quit cocaine for a video game and I’m not even much of a gamer.

Someone kind of pushed The Witcher 3 on me and told me to play it, so I did and became obsessed and didn’t even want to leave my room to score drugs and stop my cold turkey withdrawals because I was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ playing Gwent and winning. By the time I was finished with the game I didn’t crave snack anymore. I just wanted more witcher contracts.

Me telling people it’s time to lock myself away for a few days and face my demons cold turkey like a stoic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I just genuinely didn’t want anybody bothering me while i played this game.
 

STΞFAN
96 products in account
11
480 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
100.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 2, 2017
Undecided for two years; whether to try the game or not. I ended up buying it on the last sale for 20€, the GOTY edition, and I fired it up a few weeks ago after finding myself bored one night.

This game is probably the best game I've ever played. Everything, from the soundtrack to the story line, is spectacular.
Making a quick resumé of the things that made me fall in love with this unique gem:

-The graphics are insanely good, even more so with mods. The lightning is what every game's lightning strives to be.

-The voice-work of the game. I am amazed at the amount of quality work put into this game; I heard over ten thousand lines, and not a single one of them seemed bad acted, at the contrary, *every single one* was stelar. Never broke the suspension of disbelief!

-The choices. The choices matter, you forge your path. Sure, you might be a witcher, and in the canon sure as hell Geralt wouldn't send an innocent man to jail just because he's a tad bit racist, but ♥♥♥♥ it, you're in control here, chief!

-The feelings. I normally have a hard time immersing myself in stories, and they usually don't make me feel at all, but this game was totally different. I've smiled, I've laughed, and I almost cried too. The characters are so well acted and feel so real that you ought to *feel* it.

-The soundtrack! I never thought, in my entire life, that I'd end up with polish folkloric music on my library, and look at me! It really grows on you.

-GWENT. Either you LOVE it, or you hate it. I personally loved every second of it, and I enjoyed collecting cards so much! Kid is in danger? ♥♥♥♥ it, let's play gwent.

-How even though the game is long, it doesn't feel long. Before playing this game, I was afraid that I'd feel obligated to pour dozens of hours of my life, countless days into it, without it really being that entertaining. NOPE. I've been entertained, every single one of my hours. Never got bored.

-Uma.

Honestly, if you're on the verge, and don't know if you might not like it, give it a shot. You might regret not getting it sooner, like I did.

Not only the best game of the year, but also the best game I've ever played. I'll buy CD Projekt's next game in a heartbeat.

70 hours to complete the main line, and I'm going to start the DLCs tomorrow!

EDIT: Just completed the DLCs and loads of side quests at exactly 100 hours.

I stand by my words, this is the best game I've ever played. I'm finsihed with it, but I'll probably replay this masterpiece in the future.

I feel empty after completing this game. I know no game shall come close to this, and I know my adventures as Geralt are over. It saddens me.
 

Sic semper erat
734 products in account
21
1,040 people found this review helpful
581 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
293.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2018
Step 1: Buy game of the year edition.

Step 2: Clear out your schedule for the next several months.

Step 3: Profit???

Step 4: Life complete. Absolutely nothing that can top this experience. You can die and go to heaven now
 

SkrubLord77
55 products in account
0
1,392 people found this review helpful
117 people found this review funny 122

Recommended
129.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☐9
☑10
 

Master of TimeOut
61 products in account
0
342 people found this review helpful
34 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
301.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2021
Steam wants me to review it after 248 hours...the fact I have played a single player game for that long should be a selling point.
 

Riddles
146 products in account
0
386 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
223.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 4, 2019
Nobody will read this because there are almost 200 000 reviews for this game. This game has now stayed relevant and exemplary as an RPG, and just as a game, for longer than it has been in development.

 

KiO
495 products in account
25
427 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
163.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 12, 2016
This game is more than another blockbuster title; it's one of those that defined a chapter in my life.

I played Witcher 1 when it was released in 2007, back when I was a single man working in my first job few years out of college. I even remember playing it through one of the worst years of my life. 2011 came, Witcher 2 was released and I immediately bought the box set with the soundtrack, coin, and map. A lot of things changed in my life by then and I took on a whole new adventure in career, travel, and even love. Then after many years, Witcher 3.

After finishing Blood and Wine, the final expansion, I uninstalled and finally closed this magnificent story that has been a part of me for the last nine years.

Now as my wife and I take on a new adventure into parenthood, I know that I won't have time to finish long RPGs anymore so this may be my last hurrah. That being said, this game, its story, characters, lore, will remain with me moving forward, defining what story and videogames can and should be.

Goodbye and see you Witcher. Salute.
 

Palidaddy
323 products in account
21
352 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
135.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2018
After so many hours, so many adventures, so many life lessons.. I wish I had words to describe this game, but I simply don't.
It is definately the best game I've ever played in my life, it's like a work of art that I'm glad I had the chance to experience.
Every place you go feels so alive, the characters are so well written that most of the time I would get completely immersed into the conversations with them.
When you look back at it after doing everything, every single quest, all the expansions, all the places.. You feel something like a good memory from the past, a feeling of nostalgia..
When people say this game is big, it's kinda hard to understand what it means, for some, it's the map, or the number of quests, or even the size of the campaign, but I believe this game is big on what it tried to achieve, on the greatness of the story that it told, the powerful effects of your choices, the felling you have when you discover a new monster and quickly have to adapt to overcome it, the experience you have when picking up a trail, or sailing through the cold oceans of skellige alone..

So many memories, that with words it's simply too hard to explain, memories that I will always hold dear to my heart.


Thanks CD PROJEKT, simply, thanks.
 

Rinzler
337 products in account
6
391 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
93.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 14
>Launch game
>3 weeks of my life pass by
>worth it
 

[MF] Ianitori
129 products in account
11
510 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
92.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 26
If you check my game collection and hours played, you'll notice I'm a shooter kind of a guy. That's for games. I really do love a good story in a movie, a book or a series though.

This is one of the only RPGs I have ever played. I got so immersed into the world that at one point I had to decide to stop roaming and stop doing side quests because I was spending too much time on them (they were damn interesting). I followed the main storyline after that.

When I look back at the times when I was playing The Witcher 3, the memories are very colorful and nice. It's a good memory and I already feel nostalgic.
 

imagiNeaK
609 products in account
0
307 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
710.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 15, 2017
Just finished my second playthrough and I still want more! I bought this game over a year ago and didn't get around to playing it until recently. I added the DLC's and all additional content which I must say was well worth the money, especially if you use the content pass that is offered.
I'm not a young man, almost 50 years old and I've been gaming since I was 14 years old on the Spectrum. I've played good games and bad and in recent times have become rather annoyed at publishers that promote unfinished or badly flawed games on release, this however is not one of those products. In fact, after i completed the game for the second time, I went to CD Projekt Red's web site to see what else they had on offer because if they produce quality like this then i'll gladly buy into their world.
The Witcher 3 is, to my mind, THE best game I have ever played. Why? Because, from the outset, even though I hadn't played Witcher 1 or 2, the main character was easy to understand and identify with. The general gameplay is smooth and logical in addition to the gentle learning curve. The plot, for someone that dives strait in to Witcher 3 is relatively easy to grasp, so much so that you quickly begin to feel part of it all.
The scariest thing is that it's a real emotional roller coaster, after a short while playing, you really begin to empathise with the characters, you'll be laughing out loud, feeling sad, angry and elated.
I could go on but suffice to say, it's Brilliant. Other publishers take note! Well done "CD Projekt Red".
 

SpecialistZer0
90 products in account
14
1,067 people found this review helpful
103 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
440.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 20, 2015
'There's nothing behind me. I'm a Witcher, I'd have heard it. Just like I can hear your heart. Which is pounding... like a liar's.'
Geralt of Rivia
__________________________________________

Introduction

'The Witcher III: Wild Hunt‘ has won so many awards and has been praised by so many people that it’s kind of impossible to miss or ignore this game. It’s the third part in the videogame series based on the books by Andrzej Sapkowski and represents the end of the famous videogame trilogy of Geralt of Rivia, a.k.a the White Wolf or the Butcher of Blaviken. To cut a long story short: The game lived up to every expectation I had and exceeded them with ease. Even the games‘ minigames are better than many full-price titles – yeah exactly, I’m talking about you Gwent, you awful little drug that I can’t get enough of…

The main story connects to the events of the second Witcher game 'Assassins of Kings‘ and brings the overall story started in the first part to an end. Witchers are infamous monster hunters, magically improved mutants that are simultanesously feared and needed in a world threatened by dark creatures, evil spirits and living nightmares. Geralt of Rivia is a famous specimen of this kind and thought for a long time that his former friend and love, the sorceress Yennefer of Vengerberg, was already dead. However during the recent events in Loc Muinne he learned that this was not the entire truth and so he decides to start a new journey to finally find answers to his questions.

A huge world with fascinating lore and characters awaits the White Wolf - the sheer quantity of places you can visit, persons you can talk to and monsters that have to be slain would be enough to fit in several other games.
This world is not only packed with interesting stories, dialogues, quests, fearsome monsters and an insane amount of details behind every corner, moreover it is convincing and far away from all the happy fantasy clichés you've already seen a hundred times. There is neither black nor white, just many shades of grey. Elves are neither the glorious archers nor the kind tree people, humans not the friendly guys that accept every race the same and dwarfes are no gentle stone-loving miners. In this world you have to make choices that you won’t like and to live with the consequences. Morally ambiguous is the description you’re looking for.
__________________________________________

Graphics and Audio

Regarding the technical aspects this game conquers Mount Olympus easily (despite the much complained 'technical downgrade‘) as it is one of the most beautiful RPGs I’ve ever seen, with amazing sunsets/sunrises, spooky nights and gorgeous views over detailled landscapes full of nature and terror - this game is definitely gorgeous.

You want to see some examples? Let me show you some screenshots taken from the game using Reshade/E3FX and the free camera from the console:


A lonely White Wolf in a moonlit night 
A Screenshot of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: #NV



The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt 
A Screenshot of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: Sermike



Sunset above Tor Gvalch'ca 
A Screenshot of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: #NV


In addition to the stunning visuals there is also brilliant music and fantastic voice acting that will catch you during dialogues or pumps you up during the fights. Together with the exquisite characters, the superb dialogues and all the deep little stories the game suceeds even more in creating a credible fantasy world.
__________________________________________

Cons

So now there's the question: Are there negative points at all?
Yeah some minor flaws: Talking to every person and looting every stash is kind of unsatisfying as there is no wide variety of things that you may accomplish or find this way, so after some time you will visit mostly the important places and persons while ignoring the rest. Furthermore if everything else may be a 10/10 for me, the fighting mechanic is not as fantastic as the rest. It has definitely improved since the second part but it’s still somewhat 'special' as it lacks unique aspects, a good feedback for the hits and suffers every now and then from targeting problems, camera angles, weird controls or some questionable hitboxes.
That now may sound worse than it actually is - from my point of view it's 'still' an 8 out of 10. In addition I encountered some small visual glitches and sound errors during cutscenes but they were so small and disappeared after reloading, so I don’t even care about this at all. Compared to the games‘ size and content there are nearly no problems at all and everything runs more than just smoothly for me.

To be honest there is only only real downside that I have with the game: My journey with Geralt will end some day and it set new standards regarding characters, lore and dialogues that future RPGs have to be compared with - and this will be a tough struggle for many of them.
__________________________________________

Conclusion

So in the end, would I recommend the game? Yes – and no.
It’s a fantastic RPG with an amazing amount of content, exquisite characters, dialogues and interesting stories, so I’d recommend it for everyone who has even the slightest positive attitude towards RPGs or the fantasy genre in general.
However at the same time I wouldn’t recommend the game for anyone who has only little time to spare, doesn’t want to be immersed in a massive world full of lore or just wants to rush the story - this game needs time. A lot of time. However it pays off by providing a brilliant experience that will take you on a journey that you’ll never regret or forget...

…or to be more precise let's call it 'a journey you’d like to forget'. Just to experience this masterpiece again from the start and to get these great feelings again (damn I even ignored the fast-travel option and turned off the minimap and the quest hints willingly for many hours (I’ve been lost so many times) to enjoy the world and the quests even longer).

I rate it gladly 9.5 out of 10 points.
__________________________________________

Let's end this review with another badass quote of the White Wolf:
'I'm a Witcher. Heard you wondering about my swords. Well, one's for monsters, the other for humans.'
 

#NV
511 products in account
19
1,128 people found this review helpful
25 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
200.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2017
Take note game developers and publishers, this is how you make a great game make tons of money and have a positive relationship with your customer base at the same time.

- No microtransactions
- No virtual currencies
- No lootboxes

10/10 CD projekt red will have my business for some time to come =-)
 

Duckwell
159 products in account
24
732 people found this review helpful
121 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
223.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 17
Wind's howling.

11/10
 

Persyk
102 products in account
0
597 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
530.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2016
Since playing this I have a legit fear that there won't be any game like this anymore.
 

HellAManOP
106 products in account
20
351 people found this review helpful
1,014 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
143.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 23, 2020
great card game with some open world minigame
 

tantaleve
106 products in account
0
351 people found this review helpful
180 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
253.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 23, 2021
I threw a baby in an oven.

10/10 game, can't be topped
 

playboi cartier
151 products in account
0
419 people found this review helpful
157 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2018
Buying this below the full price was a mistake.
 

DarkLow™
1,229 products in account
0
705 people found this review helpful
973 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
194.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2019
I want the entire game tattooed on my whole body.
 

Biscuitkzh
304 products in account
7
463 people found this review helpful
89 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
90.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 6, 2018
This game is the biggest mistake you can make. After playing it you will feel depressed about how bad all other games are.

It's just so incredibly good, detailed to the last bit, with huge amount of content and far-reaching concequences of player choices. Graphics and sound are amazing. Both main and secondary quests are of top quality. Witcher contracts can be a bit repeatable, but stay complex and interesting nevertheless.

It's a must-play before you die. Just be sure not to spoil yourself all other games accidentally.
 

Teraxas
450 products in account
18
251 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
86.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 18, 2019
Positive Aspects:
🔹Stunning Visuals for a game released back in 2015, still looks brand new.

🔹Amount of content is ridiculous I needed around 65 hours ( some offline ) in order to finish only the story and just thinking about all the well made side missions etc you can easily get 200 hours out of this game.

🔹Great Story with deep characters and an amazing atmosphere.

🔹Well made Cutscenes with detailed dialogues.

🔹Great pricing at the moment.

🔹Performance is honestly pretty good for a game that looked that crazy.

Negative Aspects:

🔸Although this is one of the best games I will simply mention one problem not because its bad but because its not as good as other aspects, the fighting mechanics feel a little rusty and basic but other than they do their job.

Note:

I honestly was never able to really stick with an RPG and I was a little sceptical starting with the Witcher back in 2017 but I really felt stupid for not giving it a chance a lot earlier, this game is truly a masterpiece.

Introduction

The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is the third game of the series,it is a Third person open world RPG set in a medieval magical world, where you play as Geralt of Rivia, a professional Monster Hunter who is in a mission to find and protect the Child of the prophecy which at the same time is a major weapon if not controlled correctly, keep in mind that this game uses the REDengine 3 which is the main reason for these amazing visuals.
The game was developed and published by CD PROJEKT RED.

Release Date: 18th May 2015

Gameplay:

Let’s just say that this game doesn't do anything insane gameplay wise but it is obviously very good at it.

Open World / Quests:

Usually the main problem with Open World games is that they feel pretty repetitive and overall have the looks of a ‘’dead’’ world where nothing happens etc. but in The Witcher 3 you get such a unique feeling with it, NPCs talk, some of them are disgusted by your presence while others are happy to see you roam around their village, even kids have different reactions to your presence as some of them run away while others look up to you, this is a small sample size but this will be a known concept to you after a while.Now there are various activities, random moments or encounters and even some momentarily quests which make the game feel a lot more alive and social, the Map itself is enormous and it includes caves, sea and hidden areas which adds to the depth of this amazing game. Now to the Quests, despite this being an Open World game almost every mission feels different which is a huge thing compared to other open world games,we can go from Stealthy to finding mysterious relics or ghosts, fighting strong creatures with bows, head to hea combat and more, every mission just has a unique feel to them with every character to that mission playing a role. Side mission are exactly built like that as well, CD Projekt red really took their time to not just slap a half worked mission as a side mission but they actually had a reason to exist and that makes the side missions so appealing, overall the open world and mission structure by itself is just flawless.

Combat:

Now here we enter the only are where I didnt feel that it was that good compared to all the other aspects, fighting in this game isn’t exactly bad or even mediocre but rather solid, the character ( Geralt ) himself feels pretty stiff in my opinion but at the same time he feels as agile as Ciri herself, so the characters feel a little inconsistent, the sword fighting feels strong and solid but I just didn’t get to see many moves it is overall a very basic movement, and lastly barrel roll spamming felt just like Dark Souls to me and despite rolling on enemies they were not hitting me. Overall it is a great experience with some small inconsistencies.


Weather, damages etc.:

The Weather in The Witcher 3 is absolutely great, it is dynamic and a love it when it starts raining that the map looks a lot darker and moody as it should be, the trees physics are still top notch as well.

Story:

There will be no major spoilers.
All the major characters from the previous 2 games will be taking part in this installment , now as mentioned above Geralt decided to find the Child of the Prophecy which is Ciri herself, why does he want to find her? In order to protect her from the Wild Hunt, in his quests to achieve all this Geralt meets old faces, some other old female faces with a lot of nudity of course of course meeting other powerful friends helped him a lot on his quests, after all this he located Ciri and they decided to fight against the Wild Hunt in the stronghold etc where they sadly won and lost at the same time, after that Geralt decides to kill the general of the Wild Hunt himself and of course succeeding in that and in a last major fight they all defeat the Wild Hunt while Ciri does her part in saving the World. Simply explained but the story is so much deeper than that.

Graphics/ Audio:


The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt 
A Screenshot of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: Sermike



⛧🦇[̲̅†]𝒢ℯ𝓇𝒶ℓ𝓉 ℴ𝒻 ℛ𝒾𝓋𝒾𝒶[̲̅†]⛧🦇 
Community Created Artwork for Steam Artwork
By: ⛧[̲̅†]Malachi[̲̅†]⛧
"Evil is evil. Lesser, greater, middling... Makes no difference. The degree is arbitrary. The definition's blurred. If I'm to choose between one evil and another... I'd rather not choose at all."


Graphics:

Now Visually this 4,5 year old game still looks up to par or even better than some other games released today which just shows how great this game visual really is. Character faces look life like and you can instantly understand their emotions without even hearing them, the trees look life like as the breeze gets stronger they lose their leaves, lighting is obviously godly, so you obviously understand how good The Witcher 3 looks.


Moody effects 
A Screenshot of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: Sermike


Audio/Soundtrack:

The Voice acting is legendary as well, every character and voice actor just match with each other, they are easily understandable and the dialogues are just top tier, the soundtrack is as epic as it can possibly be with music matching the whole setting of that timeline, really take your time and appreciate this game from a visual and audio perspective.

Performance :

On Low End Devices:

Intel Core i5 5200U, 8GB RAM, Intel HD 5500:
Not playable.

On Medium End Devices:
AMD FX 6300, 8GB RAM, Nvidia GTX 760:
I was running the game on Medium / High settings with 45+ Fps on 1080p resolution.

On High End Devices:
Intel Core i7 4790k, 32GB RAM, Nvidia GTX 1070:
I was running the game on Ultra settings with 60+Fps on 1080p resolution.

Bugs/ Glitches/ Crashes:

In around 60 to 70 hours of fighting against the wild hunt and searching for various items I experienced no bugs, glitches or game breaking crashes at all which shows great stability!

Price :

For 29,99 Eur. ( on sale for 9,99 Eur. ) I can only suggest to get this game as it checks every box on my list.

Conclusion :

The Witcher 3 is a very recent game already becoming a legend with its amazing story, visuals and atmosphere that were ahead of their time and overall being great at everything.

Overall Rating: 96 /100

Date of the Review:18.11.2019
 

Sermike
1,192 products in account
13
243 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
152.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2017
An introduction

The Witcher 3 is certainly a game that has been hyped since it was released, and it still is, to some degree. I am sure that you've heard a lot about how this game is so great and blah blah blah. Sure, you can believe that and try the game yourself, but today I want to give you an honest review about what makes this game so loved. Buckle up, buckaroos.

A quick look at the story

At a first glance, it seems that everybody plays this game because Geralt is so popular among the fans. He is, and with good reason. Geralt is a witcher: a monster hunter traveling the world far and wide in search of contracts on monsters only people like him can take down. He's got the full set: bombs, swords, potions that make him 10 times more badass than he already is, allies, etc. Witchers are trained to hunt monsters by passsing "The Trial of Grasses", a chemical procedure that injects potions into young boys to sharpen their senses, give them strength, speed, dexterity and the unforgetable cat eyes.
The full lore is, of course, way deeper than this quick explanation. From The Witcher 3 is about (I reccomend playing the Witcher 2 before this or at least reading some of the books, to understand the lore better since it can be a tad bit confusing at first) Geralt's odyssey to find Ciri and Yennefer, his "daughter" and his lover, in a race against time to save the world from The Wild Hunt and the White Frost. Going into the story anymore than this would mean spoiling the experience for you. Once you get to play the game though, you will experience for yourself the loveable characters, develop a bond with Geralt and feel like you are actually a part of the game's world.

The gameplay

The game features classic rpg elements. The gameplay is pretty straightforward: you do quests to acquire better gear and level up, rinse and repeat. Even so, the side quests are not the basic "go there, kill that many things, come back" type of quests. They all have their each own unique little side story which gives the game even more flavour. They are memorable and fun, unlike other rpgs these days.
The main quests feature choices which leave a mark on the game's world and truly affect the story. The WItcher 3 also features treasure hunts for better gear and quests that you can actually fail, adding an overall more realistic feeling to the already complex game.
The map is huge, the vanilla version featuring 4 different regions. There is plenty to do other than explore. From finding easter eggs to clearing the places of interest on the map, I can guarantee you won't have time to be bored in this game. Other systems like crafting weapons and armor to forging runes are also a major component of the game, with Witcher armor sets blueprints to find and legendary weapons to forge or collect. Every artisan in the game's world has a certain level of experience and can only forge gear up to that point. To forge better and better gear, you must find the master and eventually grandmaster (in Blood and Wine) craftsmen.

The combat system and skills

The Witcher 3 features a variety of skills and builds you can choose. Like wearing light armor and casting signs from afar? No problem! Like engaging in swordplay and slaying your enemies with graceful finishing moves? No problem! Like not even fighting? Sure thing, you can even control people's minds to do just that!
The plethora of ways in which you can play this game is most welcome, since it makes the game have a very high replayability value, both from a story perspective (you can experiment with choices and try to get different endings) and a gameplay perspective (even though you can change your build on the go with a Potion of Clearence which resets your skill points).
The game has quite a basic fighting system. You can get close and personal with the dual swords Geralt features (steel for men, silver for monsters) and either perform light/heavy attacks, parries and counter attacks (there are skills which expand the swordfighting with special moves and finishers) or you can fight from afar with signs like Igni, Yrden, Aard, you name it. The signs are powerful spells which can be modified by skills as well. Overall, the combat system feels great. You can also install mods (the community has plenty of them, especially on Nexus) to make the experience even better.

Graphics and soundtrack

This game has absolutely beautiful graphics, which hold a place among the top even in 2017, almost 2 years and a half after its release. Everything from the grass to the monsters and rocks looks amazing! The soundtrack features masterfully composed music that fits just right in every situation, be it combat or just peacefully exploring the amazing map.

The DLC

The two expansion packs, Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine feature so much content that they almost match the game time you get in the original version of the game. Hearts of Stone is a beautiful story about Olgierd von Everec, an immortal man who has been cursed with a heart of stone, whose content adds roughly 15 more hours of game time, and Blood and Wine even features a whole new region of the map to explore and complete quests in, which adds another 35 hours of game time.
Hearts of Stone features a whole new crafting system called enchanting, which allows you to enchant your gear with the help of a runewright. In Blood and Wine, all crafting systems are expanded with Grandmaster craftsmen, which can forge grandmaster armor and weapons. Just like the main game, the expansion packs are also full of choices and can have different endings. If you have your mind set on buying the game, go for the GOTY version.

Conclusion

This game is a masterpiece in my opinion. It satisfies all of the gamer's needs a modern rpg should satisfy, while also offering endless hours of playtime and replay value. If you are at the very least interested in rpgs, you will enjoy this and immediately fall in love with the wonderful cast of characters, making you want to play the game more and more. It also has that unique je ne sais quois that no other game can match. The current price of the game is a solid deal, guys (20$). I reccomend buying it. You won't regret!
 

TrapGod
601 products in account
8
2,085 people found this review helpful
166 people found this review funny 173

Recommended
136.2 hrs on record
Posted: December 8, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
 

Mikeeelele
619 products in account
0
543 people found this review helpful
101 people found this review funny 134

Recommended
179.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 19, 2021
I quit heroin to play Witcher.

Real ♥♥♥♥ I actually quit heroin for a video game and I’m not even much of a gamer.

Someone kind of pushed The Witcher 3 on me and told me to play it, so I did and became obsessed and didn’t even want to leave my room to score drugs and stop my cold turkey withdrawals because I was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ playing Gwent and winning. By the time I was finished with the game I didn’t crave snack anymore. I just wanted more witcher contracts.

Me telling people it’s time to lock myself away for a few days and face my demons cold turkey like a stoic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I just genuinely didn’t want anybody bothering me while i played this wonderful game.
 

Liam
364 products in account
29
253 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 31

Recommended
594.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2020
Truly a masterpiece!
I started playing this game with my first play through on April of 2018, spent a lot of hours on it but i couldn't finish it due to real life matters. I decided that i should finish what i couldn't finish, and so on my second play through i went back from the very start and played it fresh, as if i had forgotten everything. After spending lots and lots of hours i finally finished the base game of The Witcher 3 on February 2020 then all of the DLC's on March 2020 and it was one hell of a ride! Played all of them from The Witcher 1, 2, and 3 everything was well connected and the story build up was amazing! seeing familiar faces to seeing new ones, truly made you feel like you were living Geralt's life. I've played this game for quite a long time already and it felt like it was time for me to give this masterpiece the review that it deserved.

This game will always have a place in my heart. Thank you for the amazing trilogy CDprojektRed!
 

Regilkent
245 products in account
0
498 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
284.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 15, 2021
I want The Witcher 4!
 

K.®.GodGodKōbeLobster
2,136 products in account
0
4,294 people found this review helpful
2,046 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
151.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2019
Toss a coin to your witcher
 

Reaper
314 products in account
12
2,745 people found this review helpful
8,776 people found this review funny 43

Recommended
300.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 10, 2016
You can do everything you can't do in real life, like casting magic and talking to girls
 

MilchChocolate
608 products in account
69
550 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 82

Recommended
22.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
Imagine you're working in a 9-5 corporate job, you're done with your work, you come back home, log onto Steam, see your games list for 5 seconds, buy a game on sale that you're never going to play and then switch off your PC and go to a bar. While having a drink, you think of the good times when games used to be fun and authentic. But then you tell yourself, the problem isn't the games, its you. "Its not that games aren't fun anymore, you have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ older".

And then I play Witcher 3. And suddenly I can't wait to get myself home after work. Do you have any idea how precious that feeling is ? The feeling that you are actually immersed in the protagonist' shoes. I find myself in anticipation and excitement for the new adventures that are waiting for me, I think while driving back home...."Where is this story headed ? What new places and characters I will meet ?" And lets not talk about the characters. I thought myself as a guy who's dead on the inside and somehow these characters made me laugh, chuckle and empathise at the same time. I haven't felt these feelings for a game since 2008 when I played games such as Final Fantasy 12, Metal Gear Solid 3. Was I wrong to think that I was the problem and not the gaming industry that's shelling out mediocre AAA games with no memorable characters or storyline ?

And I got this game for 3$. 3$ !! And that includes the DLC ! I honestly feeling I looted these amazing devs. And I paid twice for games that are not even worth playing. 23 hours in and I still haven't scratched the surface of the story. The side quests are actually fun. I find myself doing the side quests more because its feels like I am watching another episode of the "Witcher 3 TV show". I love this open world, I actually take my time wandering around and exploring every nook and cranny. I haven't done this since GTA San Andreas. I look at some distant island or mountain that I find interesting and I decide to just walk there just for the fun of it. That's how beautiful this Open World this. This is Open World game done right.

Thank you CD Projekt Red. You guys are a gem. I know its 5 years late and I don't know why it took me 5 years to play this, but better late than never.
 

defender
9 products in account
3
856 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
123.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 15, 2019
My 100th steam review!

I have wanted to play The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt since its release in 2015; however, I was always hesitant to start because I knew that I would not be able to stop. It only took a few hours of gameplay for The Witcher 3 to turn into my newly discovered obsession. I found myself waking up early on weekends to get an early start. “I’ll only finish one quest tonight” often extended to two or three, and I starting doing something that I usually never do: replaying quests to try different options. 110 hours later (#noragrets), and I’m finally ready to put my controller down. What an experience. Never has a single-player game kept me interested for so long, which speaks volumes about how immersive this game truly is. CD Projekt Red set a very high standard for Triple A games and a strong reputation for themselves.
By far my favorite gaming experience of 2019.

Played with Playstation 4 controller

Positive:
For a game that is 4+ years old, the Witcher 3 really looks amazing. From the strands of Geralt’s hair, to the different landscapes and cities (I especially loved Toussaint), to the weather/lighting, you can really tell that a lot of time was spent to make this game feel as alive as possible. I have never seen a game do the sunspots in your vision as well as this game has managed.
The biggest selling points, in my opinion, are the characters and story telling. Without the magnificent writing and voice acting offered, the Witcher 3 would not have been such an immersive experience. Given how many characters are introduced in the series, it’s amazing how many unique personalities there are. Literally none of the main characters are repetitive, dull, or lack personality. There are countless quests and wonderful moments that I remember vividly and am very fond of, for example, when I received a drawing from a little girl I saved. More impressively so, you even feel a part of the game while in the overworld. Many NPCs will interact with you as you as you walk by. Depending on the city and progression of the game, they will either call you names, spit at you, or praise and greet you. I especially liked that cats hiss at you (Witchers are mutants of sorts and animals dislike that).
Although this may sound contradictory, it is also great that you are allowed to skip dialogue. This is perfect for those who don’t care about the story, but in my case it makes replaying quests (to choose different options) a more pleasant experience, since I don’t have to wait through long cutscenes that I have already seen.
There is SO much content. Even in the base game alone (which took me approximately 75 hours to play through), the world is so vast, full of quests, treasure hunts, contracts, and even fun easter eggs. The Skellege isles alone has over 20 islands that you can explore individually. My favorite discovery by far is when I found dead Tyrion locked up in a cell. To my surprise, I even enjoyed playing Gwent, the card game introduced as a mini-game. Initially I ignored Gwent as a whole, but once I learned how to play it, it quickly became an addiction. I remember spending two full weekends roaming around only to play Gwent and collect new cards. The fact that CD Projekt Red chose to release Gwent as a separate game really goes to show how successful it is.
I absolutely love that the DLCs introduced (Hearts of Stone and Blood and Wine) are fully worth their price. Both DLCs add more than 20 hours of gameplay just through the main quest lines alone, but even more if you want to delve deeply into each (highly recommend to do so). I don’t want to give away too much, but both main quests are spectacularly written. New monsters and quests are introduced, and in the case of Blood and Wine, a whole new area, new upgrades (both to your character and weapons), and the opportunity to have your own villa are added. Not to sound too biased but some of my favorite quests are included in Blood and Wine. It is also a nice touch that the developers included a feature which allows you to start the game directly at the DLC (start at level 30 with average equipment) but honestly I would recommend playing through the main game first, as it will make the DLCs that much more special.

Neutral:
Note: Given the ginormous amount of content the Witcher 3 offers, it is easy to nit-pick things that don’t work perfectly. Unfortunately I could not include these in the review (due to the character limit) but want to stress that there was nothing I particularly hated and that the “Positive” points heavily outweigh the “Neutral” ones.
The combat system is fantastically complex. You have access to your swords, signs (magic) and skill trees but in reality, information is your greatest weapon. Every monster has a different weakness which can be exploited in the form of oils (for your swords), bombs, potions, and signs. Reading and applying information from the bestiary weighs heavily in your favor. Ignoring it kind of defeats the purpose of the game, since you are a monsters-specialist (witcher) after all. While I do love the whole combat system, there are also some downsides to it, namely, having to look through the bestiary and inventory during combat. Having to apply oils and equip the correct bombs and potions really breaks the flow of combat. The number of potions and bombs you have available can also be overwhelming, despite their useful effects. As a result, I ended up only using a handful of potions and bombs mainly because I was too lazy to manage my inventory often. Furthermore, the combat does not have the best difficulty curve. I personally felt that the game started off quite difficult, perhaps in part due to the steep learning curve and the lack of decent equipment (or money to buy anything decent). However, once I completed a few contracts, earned some money and found decent equipment, the difficulty dropped significantly. Thankfully there are some features included that allow you to ramp up the difficulty: turning enemy scaling on and/or increasing the base difficulty. Both DLCs also bump up the game difficulty significantly, so the end-game is still delightfully challenging. The final boss of Blood and Wine was monstrous.

Conclusion:
★★★★★ Exceptional
The Witcher 3 is a hell of an experience that will remain deeply engraved in my memory. I mean there aren’t many games out there that allow you to have sex on top of a taxidermied unicorn. I also cannot stress enough how much this game offers for a single-player experience - I could easily spend another delightful 30-50 hours on my current save file without replaying quests or starting a new game (+). Highly recommended!
This game is a steal at full price, and even more so when it’s on sale! What are you waiting for?

If you enjoyed this review please give it a thumbs up and follow me on my curator page. Thank you for your support!
 

ready2b
708 products in account
18
343 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
138.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2018
i already played this game on pirated version about 70+ hours, but i bought it because of the gameplay, story, and graphic are not deserved to be pirated. still the best game i've ever played
 

artyom
194 products in account
0
436 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
368.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2019
OK look. I have been in arguments about whether this is the best RPG ever made. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.

Seriously...If people are debating if it's the best ever, does the answer matter? You want to play this game because it's good enough to have the debate.

1) It's huge and open
2) It's visually stunning
3)It's story rich and engaging
4) No DRM/Micro-transaction nonsense

In a word: MASTERPIECE
 

Eli
88 products in account
1
959 people found this review helpful
183 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
1,681.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2016
This is the greatest game ive ever played in my life (ive been gaming since Pong/2600). My time played is bordering on embarassing, and its going to get worse with BaW just released. This is my comfort game, whenever I am bored of another game, I can always come back to this one. I also played through W1 and W2 multiple times (not on Steam) so I was foaming at the mouth for years, waiting for this game.

I'm the kind of gamer where I need more than just a story, I want a great story, great loot/crafting/item management, great combat, and great character RPG skill building. This game has it all, and its completely adjustable. Only want the story and swinging your sword at monsters but dont want to get into crafting/alchemy/skills? Just play it on the easiest and you can skip all of that, and just watch the story (Naughty dog/telltale style). You want to get hardcore and make all the crafting/oils/bombs/potions/thought into char build usefull? Turn it on Death march and make all your desisions count and make all the battles extremely fun and tacticle. 4 of my 5 playthroughs are on DM and it is the true Witcher 3 experience.

Games with great stories alone just dont cut it for me anymore. A good example of this recently was Uncharted 4, dont get me wrong it had a great story, but after the Witcher I was bored to tears and still havent finished it. In that game you do nothing but shoot at stuff and watch the story, which is fine for some people but not me. In Witcher 3 you get a GOT quality of a story, including voice acting, animation, ect. However when you want to take a break from that, visit one of the equally engaging side stories and monster hunts, go on scavenger hunts for treasure and 6 different sets specialized witcher gear, 4 of which have 5 tiers of upgrades. Go visit question marks on the map for more side stories and treasures, hunt down rare ingredients for your potions/bombs/oils. Theres all of that and I havent even talked about Gwent yet.... You will also be collecting cards rare and common through out the game world for an entire card game built from the ground up as a mini game within this game. The game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ good that they are now releasing it as a full game because everyone went ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ nuts for it. Ive played so much Gwent that I know what the computer is going to do before they even do it.
I could go on and on, but bottom line.......this game has set a new mark in all the gaming industry for other compaines to aspire to. CDPR for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ life.

Pros:
Everything, it has it all. This is the equivelent of gaming super crack
- Great char building and skill trees, even better now with BaW DLC
- A very well done and responsive battle system that gets even more fun and tacticle as you turn up the difficulty. The only *sword fight simulator* that is better is Dark Souls.
- Tons of weapons, armor, and crafting, including all the Witcher specialized sets that change their look with each upgrade.
- One of the greatest game stories ive ever seen, which may have only been topped by its own DLC in Hearts of Stone. Top notch voice acting, animation, and choice/dialog system.
- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gwent
- A vast living, breathing open world only rivaled by GTAVs open world for scope and detail.
- Details, details, details, a huge amount of love and time were poured into this game. I spend hours just looking at stuff and admiring all the little things. (see hours played)

Cons:
It will ruin all other games for you. Everything else is now harder to get in to because of this. So, you know.......be careful
 

WumberBat
288 products in account
44
477 people found this review helpful
211 people found this review funny 58

Recommended
15,741.4 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2021
Nice.
 

Sae ✦₊˚·
2,218 products in account
0
284 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
239.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2021
Waiting for technology to be so advanced, that i can delete this 100 hours from my memory so i can experience it again. I've never played anything like this, and probably never will.
 

Judy
121 products in account
8
241 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
230.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 9, 2019
Waiting for technology to be so advanced, that i can delete this 100 hours from my memory so i can experience it again. I've never played anything like this, and probably never will.
 

v■
57 products in account
8
404 people found this review helpful
28 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
251.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 27, 2017
Pros
+ One of the best RPG that ever existed
+ It's Geralt of Rivia
+ Can't argue about graphics more
+ Worth your every d*mn penny
+ You'll enjoy the storyline and never bore with it
+ 10/10 for DLC

Cons
- it takes a lot time out of your life

10/10 for CDPR, and dear other devs, please take note that being greedy with lootboxes and microtransactions won't get you anywhere.
 

XCX
319 products in account
13
555 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
228.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2016
I've been a gamer most of my life, starting with my first Atari 2600 in the early 1980's. This is the greatest RPG I've ever played. I've used Steam for many years now, and never written a review for a game before...this game was good enough to make me feel like I should.

Looking back on it, I feel like I actually played several games. The overall storyline contained so many sub-plots that each "chapter" felt like its own complete game. I've heard some people mention this as a negative, but I can't possibly see how. It's value...you don't have to play the game if you don't want to. If you only want 40 hours of content from a AAA title, then quit playing it after 40 hours.

As for the quests themselves, I found even the random mini-quests generated from "undiscovered locations" to be well-executed and thoughtful, some of which would only take a few minutes to complete, but added genuine character to the gaming world, making it feel like a real place. After over 170 hours of play, I found myself saving the final quest and just roaming around Skellige checking out undiscovered locations, even though I knew the vast majority of them were smugglers caches, and I already had all the gear and crowns I could ever use...I didn't want it to end. I anxiously await the next DLC expansion.

I hear a lot of people complain about the combat system as well, and for the life of me I can't understand why. In close quarters the camera gets a bit wonky, and it's hard to maneuver properly because of your view being obstructed, but that's only in a few specific places. The combat system is elegant in that it is as complex as you make it. You can finish the game quite easily doing nothing but blocking/countering if your opponent is human, dodge/attack if your opponent is a monster. Now add to this basic and extremely effective routine the use of the various bombs, potions, decoctions, and signs, especially in conjunction with area effects and each other...there are a thousand ways to defeat your opponents. Throwing a gas bomb and lighting up a bunch of bandits with Igni is always entertaining, as is using Axii to make a guy kill his buddy. Some special attacks you can unlock, like Whirl, are just amazing to watch when you pull it off correctly to take out a whole group of enemies in one fantastic display of swordsmanship.

Gwent is another feature that gets a lot of attention, and I really didn't know what to make of it at first. After analyzing it for a little while, and picking up some different cards with different abilities, I began to realize the genius of it, and eventually got to the point where I can honestly say I haven't had as much fun with an RPG mini-game since Triple Triad in FF8. It's just another part of this game that is absolutely brilliant in its simplicity yet astoundingly deep.

Well, there you go. My first Steam review. I enjoyed this game immensely, and unless you're a cave troll, you probably will too.
 

reverend2121
148 products in account
9
175 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
5,128.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2021
Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time,no game ever will top this masterpice,from the characters to the gameplay.

𓆩♱𓆪𝕭𝖚𝖙𝖈𝖍𝖊𝖗 𝕺𝖋 𝕭𝖑𝖆𝖛𝖎𝖐𝖊𝖓𓆩♱𓆪 
Community Created Artwork for Steam Artwork
By: ⛧[̲̅†]Malachi[̲̅†]⛧
"Wolves asleep amidst the trees,Bats all swaying in the breeze,But one soul lies anxious, wide awake...The Witcher." - Butcher Of Blaviken
Geralt of Rivia is the most badass character i have ever witnessed in any game ever,he s witty,funny but also kind hearted.
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2831497648&fileuploadsuccess=1 The story of The Witcher 3 is well life changing,this game changed my perspective on Rpgs,even the smallest quests have some of the best writing in gaming industry,they have movie quality twists.

༺☠༻ 𝖂𝖍𝖎𝖙𝖊 𝖂𝖔𝖑𝖋 ༺☠༻ 
Community Created Artwork for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: ⛧[̲̅†]Malachi[̲̅†]⛧
“It's said, spitefully, the silver one is for monsters and the iron for humans. A lie, of course.” — Geralt of Rivia, ‘The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt’.

Geralt's story may be over but i`ll just start a new game just to experience this masterpiece all over again.
 

⛧[̲̅†]Malachi[̲̅†]⛧
282 products in account
177
465 people found this review helpful
61 people found this review funny 33

Recommended
284.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 16, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☒ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☒ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☒ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☒ Teens
☒ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☒ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☒ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☒ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☒ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☒ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☒ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☒ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
☐ Cyberpunk 2077

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☐9
☒10
 

Benzo
31 products in account
0
270 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
435.8 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2016
I admit I was a bit concerned over the few years that The Witcher 3 was being developed. Hearing how CD PROJEKT RED decided to go "open-world" and make the game 30 times larger than the previous Witcher games. These games were always more about substance for me and "open-world" games tend to lose some of that. I wasn't so sure it would work. Then, the game then was delayed in 2014. Wasn't a good sign for me.

Soon after it was released, I picked it up. I spent the first few hours just taking in how beautiful and detailed the game world is. The water, trees, animals, grass..everything felt alive. I started playing the game and got hooked. The main questline itself was full of characters you grow to love and care about and a story that you typically don't get in a video game. The side quests in the game weren't your typical "fetch this" or "Kill this" type...all of them had a story and decisions to make on how to complete them.

The combat seemed clunky at first but then you start to realize this isn't a button mashing game, patience and timing was the way to go. It can be on the easy side on the normal difficulty levels, especially when only using your sword for combat but it gets more interesting when you start to use alchemy and signs.

In the end, I couldn't believe how great of a game this ended up being. The game's production values and writing are some of the best I've ever seen. Although I spent 150+ hours in my first playthrough of this game, I was bummed it was ending. Rarely do I feel like that after playing a game of this scale. It really is amazing how much CD PROJEKT RED put into this and they easily made one of the best games I've ever played.
 

BigHairyMan
3,940 products in account
5
727 people found this review helpful
240 people found this review funny 31

Recommended
379.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 28, 2021
AVERAGE THE WITCHER 3 ENJOYER


⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄
 

MAGOMED ANKALAEV
206 products in account
1
873 people found this review helpful
105 people found this review funny 85

Recommended
1.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 30, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☐9
☑10
 

deniscasian69
1,128 products in account
0
299 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 26

Recommended
203.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30
Overall: 9.5/10
Standard	Score
Graphics	9.5/10
Gameplay	8.5/10
Soundtracks	10/10
Main Story	9/10
Side Stories	9.5/10
Hearts Of Stones DLC	9.5/10
Blood And Wine DLC	10/10

NOTE: There will be mistakes in my english below, sorry for that but I will try my best to describe my experience while I was playing this game. Spoilers will be hidden in black, don't view them until you finish the game.

Introduction:
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an open world RPG game, you might have played a lot of RPGs in the past but trust me this one will be different, you will play as Geralt Of Rivia, your actions and choices will be the factor for every quest's ending. I'll be short and say: buy it, it's worth it and don't forget the dlcs they are so important and you will miss a lot if you don't try them.

Should you play the previous games before this?
The first question that comes to mind to every player who want to try this game is whether you should play Witcher 1&2 before this or no, the answer is it depends on you, sure Witcher 3 is a sequel and you might get confused if you don't play the first games (you will ask who is that and what is this place and what am i doing) but for me I didn't have to play them, I just watched recap of the previous games to understand whats going on and I recommend you to do as well before playing this game unless you wanna play the previous games, Witcher 1 has an old engine and graphics and most of you will not like the old gameplay system so you might skip it but for Witcher 2 its more modern than the first one and a lot of people recommend it, it explains even the storyline of the first game so It's all depend on your choice. And for the books you don't have to worry about them, the books and the games are different story not completely different but the books ended on a specific point of the storyline and the games made a sequel to that point and continued, characters, the world, the history is all imported from the books but you don't really have to read them to understand.

The best plan I recommend is:

- Watch Witcher 1 recap on youtube or read it on the internet.
- Play Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings or just recap it.
- Start your adventure in Witcher 3!

NOTE: Witcher 3 has a special section for characters that describe a lot of things about them, there are also "Books" as an in game item you loot and gain additional information about the world.

Difficulty:
There are 4 Difficulties you can choose from at the beginning of the game, you can also switch it during the gameplay in the settings menu, I started my first playthrough with Blood and Broken Bones! (Hard) and I can say it's perfect, it doesn't make the game too easy or too hard, sure you might die sometimes but there is no fun in completing the game easily (in my opinion), Death March! (Very Hard) is the hardest one and I only recommend it for NG+ (New Game plus is basically a new game with the same character and level you were using in the first playthrough including gears, swords, items...etc).

So, i can say If you want to be challenged in your first playthrough go for Blood and Broken Bones! (Hard) but If you only want to finish the game and care only about the story go for Just the Story! (Easy) or Story and Sword! (Normal).

Gameplay:
The gameplay is a little complicated for new players, I had some difficult time learning it but you will get used to it by time, It relies on Level system, Skill Tree, Looting items and Gaining materials, and crafting weapons and gear. As long as you level up, you will upgrade your gear, obtain new skills and become stronger!

The combat system isn't too hard, I didn't find any issue playing with mouse & keyboard, I find many people complaining about the combat system but I can't see any problem with it. each enemy has a specific level that tells you if you are ready to fight it or not.

Story & Quests:
In this game you play as Geralt of Rivia, a witcher which is a super-human (they have strong immune system and strong senses not like normal humans, they also live longer) made to kill monsters and get paid for that , I'll not go in details because you will learn more about them in the game.

The game is Quest based, there are Main Quests (Campaign), Side Quests, Witcher Contracts, Treasure Hunt Quests, each quest has a level that tells you if you are ready for it or not, I recommend you to do all of the quests in level order. (If your level is 10 and the quest level is 15 don't do it until you reach 15)

There are even Side Quests that affects the Main Story so don't skip them, Also Side Quests in this game are different than the other games, each has a different story and a different ending you will not feel at all like you are doing the same quest over and over again, and thats what I love about this game, skipping the Side Quests is totally a sin and you should never do that because you will play half of the game or even 1/4 of it, I even can say I enjoyed doing Side Quests more than the main ones.

Buying this game without the DLCs is a sin too, Witcher 3 is known for it's unique DLCs some people even call B&W expansion The Witcher 4, they are full of content (new locations, new soundtracks, new stories...etc) So never buy this game without them.

There is also a mini-game called Gwent, it's a card game, to be honest I wasn't interested in it, it's an optional feature and it's quests are optional too and they don't affect the story but If you are a hardcore gamer who wants all the achievements go for it, it's not hard at all and they say it's easy to learn.

Choices & Consequences:

YouTube™ Video: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Killing Monsters Cinematic Trailer 
Views: 15,609,618
CD Projekt RED is proud to present The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt "Killing Monsters" cinematic trailer to the public for the first time, offering a thrilling glimpse into the morally ambiguous...

The hardest part in the game is not beating some boss or finishing some hard contract, but it's "Picking Choices", the game makes you feel like you are a witcher, almost all the aspects of the game are choices based, be wise and neutral and choose what you think is best for you and for Geralt, accept your fate that you draw with your own hands, don't look in the internet for the best choices to get the best results out of every quest, thats not how the game meant to be played.

The problems with this game:
"There is no perfect game in the world" - random guy on the internet.

I run into some glitches in this game during gameplay and cutscenes they are not a big problem but you notice them (just wanna say its not rare to run into one of them).

The game lacks some physics like falling alone or while riding a horse (the horse will just disappear if you try to jump from a high area or in water).

The npcs faces are similar and you might run into the same face a lot of times there is just few changes like the hair color or the clothes, sure I know that making unique faces take a lot of work and cdpr didn't have the budget for that so I hope the next-gen version will work on that part more.



Conclusion:
The positives of this game make you forget that the game has issues, It's a good game and a masterpiece and I hope the next-gen version will improve it.
 

mohdd
204 products in account
0
924 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
248.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 4, 2017
This game will always have a special place in my heart.﻿ Thank you, CD PROJEKT RED.
 

Oguloruc8
526 products in account
1
215 people found this review helpful
322 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
1,031.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 10, 2021
i've only played for a little bit but it's pretty good
 

Amistad
56 products in account
0
226 people found this review helpful
294 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
110.4 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2019
"My son just died, I'm in no mood for pleasantries. Buy what you want and leave."

"How about a round of Gwent?"

*Nods enthusiastically*
 

Stefanonimo
366 products in account
0
648 people found this review helpful
39 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
296.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2018
This isn't GOTY,this is Game of the Century.
 

Hitman47
251 products in account
15
327 people found this review helpful
43 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
35.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 20, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☒ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☐ Very good
☒ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☒ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☒ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☒ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☒ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☒ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☒ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☒ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☒ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☒ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
☐ Cyberpunk 2077

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☒9
☐10
 

Darr Ke Aage
108 products in account
0
197 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
257.7 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2018
The Witcher 3 is one of the greatest RPGs ever made. You heard it at lest 100 times. But I am here to tell you why.
Let's start with story. It's set in medieval fantasy word filled up with every creature from farytales you can think of and it's amazing. It's very exciting from start to end. It has some weaker points here and there, but It's still pretty solid. The story telling, cut scenes and voice acting are just perfect. This game has tons of side quests to offer. But it's not just simple 'Bring me something' or 'kill something'. Every quest has it's own story and different ways to complete it. Some of them are pretty funny to do too. Yes, you have lots of monster killing quests, but every time it's different type of monster, so you must use different type of tactics to kill it. The game world is HUGE. It's seperated into 2 bigger maps(Velen, Skelliege) and 3 smaller maps(White Orchard, Kaer Morhen and Castle at Wizyma). Every area has different coloring, music, nature, people and monsters. It's completely different worlds. Every world live it's own life. You can see day and night cycle, wildlife, villagers doing their daily routines, monsters hunting animals, weather changes and people yelling at you. It feels like you are in real world, not just in some randomly generated areas. Graphics are awesome even today. Everything has so much detail, sunsets are breathtaking and landscape is beautifully generated. The World has some bugs, but not any significant ones. RPG aspect of the game is great too. You have many skill trees to upgrade, lots of armours and swords to gain/craft/buy and tons of crafting materials. You can even collect herbs to make potions or bombs. You can drink these potions or use bombs in fight too. You can even buy seat, bags and blinkers for your horse. Money si problem only at the start of the game, later, they are not a problem (unless you want to make every witcher gear armour in the game.). The biggest problem of the game is your horse Roach. She stucks at every tree and she can't go down hill. I know developers made fun of it, even at some quests, but it's still annoying. The Witcher 3 offers 3 mini games such as Gwent - very exciting card game with hours of fun, fist fighting and horse racing. You can join tournaments and win titules of champion and some valuable prizes. DLCs are not just regular dlcs. They're almots as big as standalone games. They have different, new and great story. Blood and Wine has It's own new world. If you want to beat the game without dlcs, but with every quest and area completed it will take you 150-175 hrs. With both dlcs, prepare to spend around 250 hrs in game.

Pros
Exciting story from start to end
Beautifully designed characters (with nice curves)
Unique and entertaining side quests
Great RPG acpects
Living world with awesom graphics
Diversity of individual areas
Nice voice acting and sound
Fantastic dialogues with characters
Original and huge dlcs

Cons
Very few bugs in world
Some glitches in cutscenes
Roach problems

Overall
The Witcher 3 is truly best RPG made in past years, maybe the best RPG ever made. It has exciting story living world and It's nice ending of the Witcher series. DLCs are masterpieces. It has so much content in it, but price is better then every AAA titles out there. If you are fan of the series, or not, go and buy this game at GOTY edition, you definitely won't regret it.
 

Ker’zaer Townsendus
405 products in account
21
302 people found this review helpful
17 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
468.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 6, 2018
It was an amazing journey.

I started playing this magnificent game in previous year and faced with the one thing (rare actually) i was scared to complete this game. When i was playing, completing mission after mission, i was think about end of the game and didn't want to see that, even to think about that. I was living this life, witcher life. I was traveled from village to village, from city to city, from forest to another forest. I met a lot of different , unique characters. Their voices, looks, demeanor , looks on world problems and world were different. Yes, it's unbelievable. In game you don't have the main mission - complete the game now. You can travel, look at all over places, beautiful places, landscapes, abandoned towers and castles, shattered camps . It's very atmospheric. I started using teleport only after 300 hours in this game. And now, when i finished the main story, i have plenty of the side-missions, contracts, and thieves, bandits in my world. It's time to solve those misisons. When i was playing, i was full of emotions. I was like "ohh, i want to be here, in this game". On the weekends, i was making a 2 cups of a tea, closed door to my room and playing...or...lived? I'm still thinking, that my real life such a boring show... I was filled good emotions and worry. I was worrying about heroes.They became like a family to me. I felt that im part of this story. Now i'm writing review and i dont know my mood. It's a good and i think that something isn't completed yet. Why everything good have an end? Okay, those missions are for 50 more hours, but after that... The journey of the witcher isn't end. For me , this place - home. If i could change my life, choose any places to move to ( doesnt matter , move to place in real life or game ) i would like to live in this world. World which i like.

Am i need to say something about graphics? About sound?
*It's awesome. Everything in this game is awesome.

The only bad thing about this game - is the emptiness you feel, after finishing it. And thats true.
You know... Not each game can take your heart. This game did it. I mad about Witcher series, so, i'm gonna buy statuettes of all characters. I'm even thinking about to make other shelve, special for the witcher. It's unrealistic to explain your thoughts about something you love more than anything else.
Perhaps, some of you guys will understand me , someone - not. But i want to tell you one thing - buy it, feel it.
You have to feel it on your experience. These emotions after this game it's like a storm you can't stop.

I want to say big THANKS to the developers, to the CD PROJEKT.
Guys, you are my favorite company. You gave me in this series more , than i got in my real life. Actually, every work week i was waiting the friday evening, run home and i knew, that now, for this weekend im finally free. And it was from week to week. And on these weekends i finished this game (main story). To be honest, i don't even know what i have to feel, i feel emptiness.
I really love you and thank you, CD PROJEKT.

You made the Masterpiece!
 

-Yarko WTF U MEAN
1,548 products in account
18
385 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 452

Recommended
188.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 17, 2020
This game is a truly a masterpiece. witcher 3 was one of mine best exprience of gaming and i can't even explaine how much i loved and enjoyed it. thank you cd projekt red for this masterpiece. can't wait for cyberpunk 2077 and your next projects.


"Evil Is Evil. Lesser, Greater, Middling, Makes No Difference. The Degree Is Arbitrary, The Definitions Blurred. If I'm To Choose Between One Evil And Another, I'd Rather Not Choose At All.
 

Venom™
670 products in account
0
242 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
537.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 29, 2019
Witcher 3 has Sat untouched in my game library for almost 3 years. I should have played it sooner... After completing the Witcher 3 all I can say how big of an idiot I was.

Pros:
1) Immersive and large World with every city has its own customs and backstories.
2) Writing and Quests are some of the best in the gaming industry.
3)A rich story with fantastic voice work
4) Graphics still look like it's from 2019
5) Soundtrack
6) Both Expansions are so good that they can be sold as separate games.

Cons:
1) It Ends :(

10/10 - Best Game Ever
 

Brandon
356 products in account
10
182 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 17

Recommended
105.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 18, 2020
The only bad thing about this game is that it ends
 

Манька
397 products in account
2
505 people found this review helpful
97 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
300.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 17, 2017
ruined other video games for me. 10/10
 

Octavarios
93 products in account
0
344 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
164.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2015
(This review has now been moved to my original account,
please view the review here: Updated Review)

Its hard to try and summarise a game that has so much depth, because it truly deserves more then just a review for recognition. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has got to be one of the greatest single player games I've ever played, and that is from somebody that is not accustomed to the previous two titles.

With so many areas to talk about, I'll first mention about game dialogue. Considering an average novel is between 80,000 and 100,000 words, the script to Witcher 3 accumulates to a 450,000 word goliath. Unbelievable! It requires over 950 speaking roles, which reportedly took more than two and a half years to successfully accomplish. Whats slightly more incredible then those statistics, is that Witcher 3 makes you feel like you don't want to skip any of it whatsoever, through an amalgamation of whit, thrill, mystery, passion and more. I've never known a game to deliver dialogue so well, but on top of that its you that gets the choice of how the story goes. Your in control! You can continue to show Geralt as the renowned warrior he is, or you can often show his softer side in certain situations. There is no right or wrong. Even towards the latter stages, Co-developer Marcin Iwinski announced that there are 36 possible endings for the game, mind = blown.

The environment to Witcher 3 is also a great achievement in itself. To put it into perspective, the map is 20% larger than Skyrim. Its also 35 times larger than the map found in Witcher 2. A large map is a good feat on its own, but these facts give CD Projekt Red massive bragging rights! At first it felt like the environment was very much going to be the same throughout, and I was really wondering whether or not there would be massive differences later on. As it turns out there is so much more in the lands of Witcher 3 to explore, in which I was extremely keen to find for myself.

You get to see a lot of the world through the storyline, but stepping away from that and doing side quests & contracts are where you can find yourself in extraordinary circumstances. I can't honestly tell you another game thats genuinely made me want to do everything. Each side quest feels like a mini-storyline, you don't seem to get any that follow a tedious or repetitive nature. On one side of the spectrum you could be fighting the biggest and deadliest creatures that Velen and Skellige have to offer, then on the other side you'll be hunting treasure, balls deep in Nekker swamps.

You'll more then likely reach a few points in the game where you are overburdened with side quests, treasure hunts and contracts. It can sometimes lead to confusion, but the easiest way to clear your Journal is to go through them one by one. Obviously due to level restrictions, some of them cannot be completed until Geralt is stronger - which doesn't mean you can't try to do them, it just means that it will be incredibly difficult to do so. One moment that I will always remember is when I went to fight a Royal Griffin that was 12 levels higher then me. I would spend a long time evading damage and trying to deliver some form of pain, but its almost like the Griffin was laughing at me, all I seemed to do was shave feathers off its back, nothing more. Then in one foul swoop, I'd be dead. Repeat. Dead. Repeat. Dead. ♥♥♥♥. I'm one that embraces difficulty, playing on the hardest setting in this game is fantastic, yet this was a battle that I had to swallow my pride and leave. Go away. Get stronger. Come back, and rip that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bird to pieces. This was great, not many times have I been in a situation where a game would allow me to fight a much higher level, you tend to get games match the enemies strength based on your current level. With this said, I actually much preferred Witcher 3's approach, it created some great and memorable fight scenes where I wouldn't necessarily assume victory. Certain areas are swamped with much higher creatures early on, so returning to them 50+ hours later provides a nice feeling of self accomplishment and power.

Now I remember all those years ago, playing cards in a big Saloon in Red Dead Redemption. Poker, Blackjack, maybe a little bit of Five Finger Fillet or Liar's Dice. These were wonderful times. Now I have a new love, playing Gwent. Gwent is a collectable card game that simulates two armies meeting on the battlefield. "Invented by dwarves and perfected over centuries of tavern table play, Gwent is a game of initial simplicity and ultimate depth, something beloved by both road-weary travellers during long nights around the campfire and elegant nobles looking to liven up dragging dinner parties." I have no idea how much time I've spent playing Gwent in this game, all I can say is that 25 hours into this game I was Level 3. 3! Gwent immediately took my focus as I attempted to gain recognition throughout Velen. Its a continous side quest in the game, challenging notable opponents and entering tournaments, not only that but also every merchant is up for a game. Just when you think your building a great deck and come out of a tournament as the winner, a local fishmonger will always be ready to embarass you (early on anyway, it becomes a breeze later on in game). There is also a quest to collect them all, so enjoy your time hunting for all 150 cards spread through the factions of Nilfgaard, Northen Realms, Monsters & Scoia'tael.

I've always enjoyed games that heavily involve fighting, particularly when the mechanisms are right. I have heard mixed reviews about the mechanisms to Witcher 3 combat, some arguing that Geralt feels particularly stiff and robotic when under attack... absolute garbage. I think combat can be pretty tricky in Witcher 3 for those unfamiliar with the series, considering the many different mechanics in play at any one time. Blocking, parrying, signs, pivots, rolls, variant of sword, etc. Practice makes perfect, and it is different to other games so get used to it! Thats all I can say. Dismemberment is always a joy to behold, and Geralt doesn't hold back on his capability to carve through people, creatures and monsters like butter.

Could this game have anything to make it better? Yes & it does - Free DLC. Not just a few, but 16! 16 Free DLC packages to add even more into a well-packed game. CD Projekt Red have had the best launch I've seen of a game, in terms of its update structure and responsiveness to people's comments. From launch there was new DLC every week, patches to address issues and bugs retaining in-game. Free DLC includes new armor sets, the ability to visit a barber, new quests, contracts, animations, alternative looks, and not to forget the NEW GAME + mode.

I put this review on hold numerous of times as it deserved to be reviewed once completed, it truly is a remarkable and well made game that will forever have the highest of impacts on me. Its groundbreaking in every sense of the word, and literally pisses all over certain companies that think its right to strip a new game of content then release it as paid DLC. Congratulations to CD Projekt Red for providing one of the most immersive & detailed games that I have ever seen, I look forward to the expansions "Hearts of Stone" & "Blood and Wine" to continue my witcher journey!
 

ピッコロ Pikkoro Junia
57 products in account
12
484 people found this review helpful
93 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Had the game for a day and a half, played 20hours already... you get the picture..
 

Yazzi!
59 products in account
14
273 people found this review helpful
130 people found this review funny 15

Recommended
214.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 4, 2021
Better than sex
 

Jerk Bean
230 products in account
0
700 people found this review helpful
51 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
396.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 24, 2017
I really wanna write longer review for this awesome game that it is,
but my patience for writing in english is too much for me.

Graphics: 10/10
Voiceacting: 10/10
Story: 10/10
Combat/Gameplay: 10/10
Challenge: 10/10
Diversity: 10/10
DLCs: 10/10
Quests: 10/10
Music: 10/10
Gwent: 10/10
Roach: 10/10
Farting trolls: 10/10
Killing monsters: 10/10
Drunk Geralt: 10/10
Portals: 0/10
CD Project Red: 10/10
Beard growth physics: 10/10
No forced diversity: 10/10


I can't praise this game AND CD Project Red enough for my friends,
they are probably tired of it.

Many people say this but i'm gonna say it again bit*hes.
I wish i could go back in time and play it again like i did the first time.
The game absorbs your SOUL and you just feel like the most badass monster hunter ever.
Deep dark fantasy and very adult game, play it "Death march" difficulty for the best experience,

If you are RPG/Open world/Fantasy fan, this is a must buy.

PS. Team Yennefer.

[UPDATE]

I didn't think i could manage to get to the top reviews for Witcher 3 and i just wanna thank you guys, it's a dream come true for a big Witcher fan.

And also, check my screenshots for Witcher 3!
 

Kuolonkorina
533 products in account
45
285 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
140.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 15, 2021
---{ Graphics }---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10


Grab this review template here [vojtastruhar.github.io].
 

Moon
158 products in account
2
453 people found this review helpful
657 people found this review funny 102

Recommended
1,671.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2020
⢸⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⡷⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡇⠢⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠈⠑⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀Are you cheating on Yennefer again, son?
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠖⠒⠒⠒⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⣀⢤⣼⣀⡠⠤⠤⠼⠤⡄⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠑⡤⠤⡒⠒⠒⡊⠙⡏⠀⢀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠢⡄⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠇⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⢀⠧⠟⠁⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠸⣀⠀⠀⠈⢉⠟⠓⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢱⡖⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⢺⠧⢄⣀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⣠⠃⢸⠀⠀⠈⠉⡽⠿⠯⡆⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⣰⠁⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⢸⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⢇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡌⠀⠈⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠃⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸
 

Rain
322 products in account
0
807 people found this review helpful
151 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
82.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2016
PROS:
Amazing graphics.
Amazing story.
Amazing voice acting.
Amazing combat animations.
Amazing and interesting side quests.
Amazing sex scenes.
Amazing cutscenes.

CONS:
You have to quit whatever you are doing right now to experience all the stuff that is in this masterpiece.

∞/10
Game Of The Eternity
 

ÐÆÑ¡Æ|
363 products in account
27
392 people found this review helpful
149 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
138.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2016
Pros:
- Fabulous graphics
- Very big open world to explore
- Amazing storytelling
- Very good voice acting
- Likeable characters
- Detailed and immersive cutscenes
- A lot of choices to make
- Enjoyable combat
- Many high quality optional side quests
- DLC's actually contain a lot of extra content
- Gwent

Cons:
- The game ends
 

Grady
332 products in account
2
557 people found this review helpful
143 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 10, 2018
I completed the cracked version 2 years ago. Now I have a job and come back to buy it :)
 

Paciti
34 products in account
32
235 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
125.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2018
I live in a third world country.
20-25$ is like a lot for most people here. So everyone basically plays cracked and pirated games.
So do I most of the time.
But, god bless this game right here. I felt so mesmerized and fell soooo I love with this game that I decided do support the developers by actually buying this game. Saved up my pocket money for 3 months to end up buying this!

10/10!
 

мiгасLе (っ◔◡◔)っ
32 products in account
17
319 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
1,044.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2019
Witcher 3 is a game whose story has received rave reviews. It describes a gray world that has never been seen in any other black and white games. While other games generally teach users the lesson of poetic justice that good always beats evil so we must do good, this game constantly gives a warning that sometimes strong evil can defeat good.

Users who are forced to make a choice between the confusing line between good and evil usually believe in their own values and decide the direction of the game based on that belief. The choice sometimes leads them to bad results, which is not the way they intended. Such results serve as a useful tool for users to understand why flexibility is important in living in this world and how philosophy, belief, trust, faith, and love interact among people in a complex way so that such realization can naturally blend into their world view.

Of course, not only the hero, Geralt, but all the other characters in the world view of Witcher have their own beliefs and believe that their values are right, fiercely confronting each other. In fact, the friendship and love or conflict and confrontation that arise in such confrontation is an element that adds fun to the story, but at the same time, it is a nasty one that causes confusion in our choices.

I felt the greatest relief when the journey ended in Toussaint. Although the game tells us that good does not always win from end to end, The hero Geralt believed that human nature is fundamentally good and was warm to many people. Thus, I was greatly relieved to see a happy ending for him. After all, truly reliable friends are gathered together near a good man.

Geralt's journey ended here. Although I would not hear any news for a while, I hope to hear from other Witcher's story someday. ^^
 

Jaffrey
101 products in account
17
409 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
259.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2015
Honestly this game is brilliant. I'm 30 hours in and feel like I have not even started yet. The maps are huge, and quite intimidating. There are lots of things to see and places to explore. Sometimes randomly exploring places you will find a hidden letter or item that leads you on a new quest. Speaking of quests, the secondary ones tie in beautifully with the main story and feel like they have meaning and purpose behind them. The visuals are stunning, especially if you have a rig capable of using HairWorks and HBAO+ to their full potential. The day/night cycle on top of the changing weather conditions really engross you in the world. The sound, both ambient and effects, are all awe inspiring. Just listening to the wind blow the trees, the village sounds of hammer on steel and axe on wood, even the gentle noises your horse makes as you travel is just very immersing.

The story telling is one of the major positives for me personally. All the NPC’s really come alive with the texture and detail on their faces, CD Projekt RED did a great job with that. The voice acting is great, much better than Witcher 2 and feels far more professional. All of the conversation options are well thought out, and there are plenty of decisions with some severe consequences depending on the way you play it. If you import a Witcher 2 save, you will have a few surprises and reappearances as well.

Combat is solid, it takes a little practice to get to grips with the dodging, parrying, and when to use the signs effectively, but once you work it out you will love fighting some mobs. The skill tress are varied and in-depth, and you can really tailor your play style by equipping/unequipping specific skills for different scenarios. Using mutagens to further develop and buff your abilities.

There is so much more I could talk about like Gwent, the card game, bartering/intimidation mechanics, boat sailing, all the crafting and potions, but you need to play it yourself to really appreciate it. Hopefully with further updates and user mods the game will continue to improve and evolve.

There are not many negatives, mostly performance related which, as of writing, a lot of have been fixed already with v1.03.
 

Dellicious
348 products in account
10
260 people found this review helpful
35 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
277.3 hrs on record
Posted: February 17, 2017
Bought Witcher 2 for $4 dollar on a sale,Got hooked to the witcher world

So I read all 8 witcher books.

Then I spent $300 on a graphic card so I can play this game

Finishing the main game left emotional trauma because I felt so attached to the story.

Then comes the DLC that made me feel I got my money worth.

You just witnessed journey of a addict, but tis a wild ride I would gladly wipe my memory and enjoy again.
 

Glorious Comrade
170 products in account
8
172 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 86

Recommended
30.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2020
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a very extensive game. There is a wide variety of content and forms of play within the game that will surely make the player play hundreds of hours. Its epic storytelling with a variety of interesting characters. This game is the best ARPG game ever launched.

Personally I think with more than 100 hours of mission content on offer, it's a game that will be played for weeks. The money paid to buy it feels worth it.

In fact, I strongly recommend that you take your time and play this game slowly and enjoy all the content and world in the game. This is because every content in this game is very detailed and well developed by CD PROJECT RED.
 

05
2 products in account
14
498 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
815.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2017
10/10

I'll be completely honest with the review, when I first got the game I pirated it ,
After finishing my first playthrough I just had to buy the game, it truly deserves the 60$.

The story is so well written it got me so attached to the characters , that by the time that I finished it I felt kinda sad that the journey was over and I left the game aside for 3 months.

I decided to return, now that the game has released 2 big dlcs , had played through the game twice doing normal playthrough and "new game plus" , it was fun even for the 3rd time.

The enviroment , the colors, the soundtrack everything about the game is perfect.

The 2 Main dlcs (Heart Of Stone , Blood And Wine):

Heart Of Stone was great dlc that added content to some places that were considered as "abandoned" in the map, which was really nice.

Now Blood And Wine, it adds a whole new location in the game , with unique storyline , Npcs , new enemies , Skills and alot more, and the ending was really a great way to finish a great series.

I usually don't spend time on writing reviews, probably just wasted 5 minutes I won't get back , but I felt like this game deserves those 5 minutes . Also sorry if there were some grammer mistakes .
 

TheGhosT
135 products in account
11
329 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
141.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2015
Genre - Open Worlded Fantasy RPG

I have played through the Witcher 1 and 2 until the end of both. Recently I read all the English translated books by Andrzej Sapkowski (a hero and they are highly recommended).

I have already ploughed 80+ hours into this game by doing many exploration, sub and main quests. I am trying to have breaks so I will finish it eventually (unlike Skyrim, where I was Skyrim'd out).

The monsters, characters and environments stay true to the Witcher world. You can tell the people who made this game really care about this game and its environment. They are providing free DLC, but you can buy a season pass if you want even more Witcher goodness.

The fighting is fluid and there are horse races, crafting and collectible card games to add even more variety to a great well thought out game. Shame there are no sex cards this time though ;-)

The graphics look great even on the lowest settings and each quest feels like a proper adventure, not just fetch some feathers or kill ten wolves because they look scary. You actually feel like you are making a difference to the world around you, liberating towns and developing relationships.

This is one of the best games I have played. I won't say game of the year just yet, but it is clearly going to be in the top five!
 

FantasyFreak_UK
2,371 products in account
6
164 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
425.2 hrs on record
Posted: October 31, 2019
The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is truly great art!
Anyone who wants to know what a game is, just enough to play The Witcher 3.
After 387 hours of playing and traveling in the game, I'm still not tired.

Story 10/10
Gameplay 10/10
Graphic Design 10/10
Characters 10/10

I suggesting this game to everyone.
 

Amin
703 products in account
0
629 people found this review helpful
87 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
301.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2020
---{Gameplay}---
☑ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont

---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget reality
☐ Masterpiece
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Story}---
☐ Doesnt have (Not counting historical stuff)
☐ Something isnt nothing I guess
☐ Not greatly told
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ Will make you cry or smile a lot

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing
☐ Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
☐ Average grind level
☑ A bit grindy
☐ Insanity

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ Depends on you
☐ Endless

---{Price}---
☑ Just buy it
☐ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Dont throw money into a rubbish bin

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never had any
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Few bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

Mojo
370 products in account
0
426 people found this review helpful
97 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
150.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 19, 2017
10/10
And thats not a fanboy or exaggerated rating
Never played the preceding 2 games.
I was simply looking for an immersive open world game.
Well gents,
Immersive is one huge understatement.
I'll make this short.
I'm highly satisfied with my life. My golden retriever and choco lab give me joy. My wife and kids give me joy. My self-employed status gives me joy.
But this game...
It gave me depression when I finished it.
Not because the game is depressing. But because I lived in its world and I got attached to it. How the game simulates the main characters and your interaction with them, makes this game feel so damn alive. Parting with the world after finishing the game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with my heart and my mind, really.
I whole heartedly recommend this game.
I strongly recommend taking anti-depressants when you reach the main quest: Final Preparations. Keep taking them meds for a month unless you want to orphan your family.

CD Projekt Red, I would gladly ransom Tim Cook and use the money to fund your next witcher games.

UPDATE:

I finally stopped taking tricyclic antidepressants when I discovered the "Multi-companion Mod" from the nexusmods website. Don't look it up until you've finished the game. Just make sure to remember the mod and that I mentioned it (so you can send me free games as a sign of gratefulness). You'll thank me later for saving your life and for saving you money that you otherwise would have spent on medication treatment and therapy. My dogs are happy for me.

UPDATE: 12/17/2017
After reading the novels following my playthrough, I realized that the true spectacular art in CD Projekt Red’s The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, is how the game is truly built around the core story which was based on Andrezej Sapkowski’s novels. The personalites and characters with every detail from the of world of Geralt of Rivia, was masterfully captured and used as the mold for this masterpiece of a game. Every why and every question you might have pertaining to the story will be answered by reading the novels. The motives and quirks of Geralt and the world he’s from has been transfigured to a game fitting of Sapkowski’s brilliance. This game is undeniably a work of art. Game of the Year 2015, well deserved.

UPDATE: Went back a year later and played it differently. I no longer rushed moving from point A to point B. This time I took in the scenery and environment as much as I could. Gorgeous.
 

SchmoopyThePony
119 products in account
2
286 people found this review helpful
190 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,587.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2019
Ruined my life. 10/10
 

Precumber
375 products in account
2
309 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 16

Recommended
0.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 5, 2020
Next gen update for free? Best damn publisher in the gaming industry.

 

CiKi
116 products in account
0
408 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
406.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 6, 2016
This video game is a true masterpiece.

The Witcher 3 offers the best storyline I've ever seen. You can decide anything, both minor and major things. All characters in game have their own story which is really awesome. Velen is a land that suffered war and gives you that real authentic touch of how medieval land looks like just like Novigrad which is just how one middle-age city looked like. Graphics are beautiful and honestly I haven't seen a RPG like it. After that you have epic side quests with amazing lore and seriously huge map to explore. By huge I mean the biggest map for 1 higly complexed video game in history.

Then, when I entered the Skellige its like I entered another world.The authentic Irish accent made it look like whole another universe which this game truly is. During game you have several romance options and you choose a girl which you will end up with which is something seirously amazing for a video game. Not to mention all those sex scenes.
To complete main storyline alone it takes around 50 hours while ending depends on you and your choices troughout whole game.

The soundtracks in this game are literally THE BEST. They are mostly made of polish folk music but there are also some Serbian such as "Oj Lazare" which are some of the best slavic musics. The only con in this game was that in free roam I didn't have the option to talk to the main characters but that was fixed in latest expansion which I really appreciate CDPR for, as I and many other customers requested it.

I won't be describing DLC's as this review should be dedicated to the base game. I really recommend this game to everyone, from RPG fans to those who never played a RPG game before.

You WILL enjoy this game and you must play it!

It was worth every cent, 10/10.
 

† Reddington †
195 products in account
11
477 people found this review helpful
235 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,443.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2017
I'll be back in another 1000 hours
 

Ekblad
346 products in account
33
323 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 29

Recommended
202.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 20, 2019
Witcher 3 is the best game I've ever played, a truly legendary experience. Can't wait for cyberpunk 2077 👌
 

⛧ M†ropele ⛧
535 products in account
6
1,462 people found this review helpful
770 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
141.5 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2016
Witcher 3: Honest Review

Racism? ✔
Religion? ✔
Monsters? ✔
People who are worse than monsters? ✔
Naked girls? ✔
More naked girls? ✔
Superb voice acting? ✔
Mind-blowingly good storyline? ✔
An even better DLC, worth every penny? ✔
No micro transactions? ✔
No Ubisoft, unless in the trash? ✔
Likeable characters? ✔
Unbelievably good atmosphere? ✔
Soundtrack comparable to that of LoTR for example? ✔
Enough Slav? ✔
GOTY 2015 with over 130 awards? ✔

Yeah... Sums it up alright.

What are you waiting for? GET. IT.
 

Ravo
422 products in account
30
311 people found this review helpful
79 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
764.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2016
When I'm 80 years old and sitting in my rocking chair, I'll be playing The Witcher 3. And my family will say to me, 'After all this time?' And I will say, 'Always.'

This game deserves every last bit of praise it has gotten. It has one or two flaws (most of which will be resolved with the Add-Ons), but you'll have to be really, really picky to find them, if you'll even notice.

Only problem with this game is that it still finishes me even upon finishing the game for the third time and that I have absolute no idea what to play next -- for whatever it will be, I will be sorely disappointed.
 

aeriagloris
152 products in account
15
226 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
955.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 11, 2015
I don't know if I can adequately explain why this game is as amazing as I think it is.... but I'll try.

The Good

The writing
Hands down, this game has some of the best writing I've ever experience in an RPG. The main quest feels very personal, and you actually want to progress in order to find out what happens next. The characters are all interesting and also incredibly well-written.

The quests
Again, this game has the best side quests out of all the RPGs I've played. And that's saying a lot. Every quest seems to have at least some back story. There's typically at least a few forms of interaction other than just killing something and then returning to the quest giver. The decisions you make are never black and white, and usually involve some form of consequences. And FINALLY, you actually get to feel like a real witcher\monster hunter by taking on some really fun witcher contracts.

The world
Velen and Skellige can both rival some of the largest open worlds out there in terms of size, and yet the level of detail and polish remains consistent throughout. Exploration is very rewarding. There's loot to be found everywhere, and little quests can be unlocked along the way to help you find even more treasure.

Novigrad is a HUGE city, and you just walk inside without a hint of a loading screen. It actually feels like a living, breathing world. NPCs have daytime\nighttime routines, and will seek shelter if it starts to rain. Little things like that go along way to bring you into a world.

Graphics and art design
How can I put this? All things considered, The Witcher 3 is probably the most beautiful game I've ever played. You must experience this game in motion, but feel free to look through my screenshots if you need convincing.[www.flickr.com] One thing that can't be seen in screenshots is the way everything moves and feels alive. And while the wind effect might seem overdone, it really helps to sell the atmosphere.

The Witcher 3 can be rough around the edges and other games are definitely doing some more impressive things technically, but the overall Witcher 3 experience is definitely greater than the sum of its parts.

The combat
This grew on me. At first I didn't like it. I didn't think signs were strong enough, and I was constantly getting my butt kicked. But then I learned how to dodge and counter properly. I learned how to use signs to my advantage, I learned how to stick and move, and start treating each encounter like a puzzle. Eventually I was punching WAY above my weight, taking on level 20 witcher contracts with a level 14 character. Now I love the combat and I'm always looking forward to doing the next Witcher contract.

The Bad

Controls
Quite possibly my biggest gripe with the game. Controls just feel clunky at best. I play with a mouse and keyboard, so maybe that is part of the reason... but movement in this game feels sluggish and unresponsive. Sometimes I'll try to move Geralt a little bit and he won't budge, and at other times he'll move too far and run off a cliff. Just turning around can feel like a chore as Geralt has a rather large turning radius. Even worse are the horse controls, which kinda feels like driving around a very large SUV. Constantly getting stuck on geometry and trying to maneuver around it is an ongoing, frustrating chore.

Balance
Even on the largest difficulty, it doesn't take long for this game to become a cake walk. IF you enjoy the sidequests like I do, you'll likely spend a lot of time completing them instead of doing the main quest. The main quest is GOOD, but some of the game's best content can be found in the sidequests. And after 20 hours of questing, you'll probably find that the next step in the campaign is 5 levels below you and therefore not challenging in the slightest. There were several instances where I'd go up against an enemy that is supposed to be tough and intimidating... but I kill it in less than 12 seconds.

Loot progression is also a joke if you do any kind of crafting. The witcher gear is probably better than anything the game will give you from monsters or chests. During your travels, you'll come across countless relic quality swords. And they may even have more damage than your current green sword. But witcher gear is highly specialized and usually compliment specific builds. Using a higher damage sword might actually gimp you if you lose a massive bonus to sign intensity, or adrenaline point gain.

Other stuff...
There's still so much I could go into. Replay value is probably lower since you only have 1 character to play as, but the game makes up for that with a much more personal and involved story. Gwent is probably a very fun card game, but I still haven't played a single game due to not wanting to dump a ton of time into it. Some day I will. Witcher sense is fun at first, but after a while it will feel like a chore. Having to hold down the button combined with the ridiculous screen effects really hampers my enjoyment of this commonly used mechanic. And you never feel like you're solving an investigation using witcher sense. Just looking for red stuff on the ground and following on screen prompts while Geralt figures everything out for you.

Conclusion
I can not possibly cover everything there is to cover about this massive game. But I can say that the good FAR outweighs the bad, and that this is is my favorite open world RPG of all time. I know that The Witcher series isn't for everyone, but I think you owe it to yourself to at least give it a try.

And again, if you need convincing that this game is drop-dead gorgeous, have a look through my screenshots :)

https://www.flickr.com/photos/jim2point0/sets/72157653074223832
 

Jim2point0
345 products in account
13
149 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
121.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2020
I would usually write a long review, but I feel here it would be a disservice. I am currently only reviewing the main game, as it's all I've played through.

For these 75 hours, I was Geralt. I was on a quest, I made my choices and watched them play out.

It's an experience. There are a few bugs here and there, some things that are somewhat mediocre (e.g combat) but are overshadowed by the overall feel and the experience you get while playing.

I really enjoyed being Geralt, and I think most people would.

Update : I have completed both DLCs. To be completely honest, finishing the main game left me feeling "empty" of sorts, I wanted/needed more.

But when I finished playing through the expansions, I no longer feel that way. My Geralt and I, we are content. We got what we wanted.

What a ride.
 

Corwin Maximus
607 products in account
12
164 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
102.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2019
Literally the best game I have ever played.
 

Pabgar
502 products in account
0
156 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
142.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 15, 2020
Game of the decade. 10/10.

When you finish this game, no other game will satisfy you for a while.
 

iM7mdz
520 products in account
0
202 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
1,015.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 29, 2021
it's okay
 

cirilla
20 products in account
3
290 people found this review helpful
41 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
365.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 10, 2021
Warning : Do not Finish this Game....
 

black"PEGA"sus
57 products in account
10
195 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
601.8 hrs on record
Posted: January 19, 2021
600 hours of pure action and emotion.
 

Microstiff
189 products in account
0
258 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
113.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2018
There are games that you play, and then there are games that you live in.

I've been playing this game for more than 100 hours and I'm nowhere near completion. I don't think I'm even 2/3rds through, honestly. And that's not due to filler either: while TW3 has plenty points of interest and repeating activities, the amount of content is downright oppressive.

I honestly feel like I've spent several years of my life in the world of TW3, like it's a part of me. It's just that big, that genre-defining.

Is it perfect? Of course not. The fights and levelling systems are rather shallow, some designs are silly and tasteless (Yennefer always looks like she just walked out of an early 00s cheap TV series set), and loot overload becomes a slog. On the other hand, the dialogue is extremely charismatic if not taken too seriously, many stories are fun, the optimization is very impressive, and the locations are diverse and thought-through.

But all that doesn't even matter. This game could have had way more downsides than it has and still receive a thumbs up from me. It's just that big, genre-defining, and important. It has become a part of my life, a place I've lived in for a while.

And you don't downvote a part of your life simply because it has questionable levelling.
 

alphyna
818 products in account
9
352 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
109.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 17, 2021
- DIFFICULTY -

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 "Dark Souls"

- GRAPHICS -

🔲 "MS Paint"
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
☑️ Masterpiece

- MUSIC -

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful

- STORY -

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing "Temple Runners" for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
☑️ Epic story

- PRICE -

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
☑️ Perfect price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

- REQUIREMENTS –

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 "NASA" computer

- LENGTH -

🔲 Very short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15 - 50 hours)
☑️ Long (50 - 90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90 - 110 hours)
🔲 No ending with mods

- FUN -

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
☑️ Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life

- REPLAYABILITY -

🔲 It's a one - time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months / years
☑️ Definitely
🔲 Infinitely replayable

- WORTH BUYING -

🔲 No
☑️ Wait for sale
☑️ Yes
 

Juno
194 products in account
0
326 people found this review helpful
16 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
318.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2019
This is The Game The Word "Masterpiece" Exists For!

By the time Cyberpunk 2077's release date revealed, I suddenly remember that I forgot to review Witcher 3 already. I purchased this game long ago when I didn't have a Graphics Card neither the internet connection to download or play the game. Can you believe it? But I made the right decision by purchasing GOTY edition of the game. Back then, I was really amused by the graphical details of the game. After a long period of time waiting, now I finally got to play this game for a hefty 78 hours of time. But but, I'm not done with this game yet... What I'm saying!? I couldn't even finish the main storyline within my 78 hrs of playtime. A couple of hundred hours might be sufficient I guess.

At this point maybe I'm sounding really biased about this game. But I'm not. I love this game very much, even this will be one of the best games I've ever played in my life doesn't matter how many masterpiece comes in future. I wouldn't talk about how much detailed graphics/beautiful environment this game has, as it's already known by everyone. But this game's story is really something to talk about. The story progression, character narrative, dialogue choices... oh my.. all of these perfectly executed. The combat mechanics is enjoyable, no complain from me. Finishers moves are dope! Almost all the side quests were unique in this game. Leveling up seemed fair. Huge & detailed open world was really fun to roam around. The card game "Gwent" was also enjoyable too.

Now about some cons... The horse riding mechanics could be improved. Few annoying bugs are still there even though didn't face them too often. In few areas, *Coughing* or *laughing* of civilians were too frequent that annoys much!

Alright... It's time to give a rating for this masterpiece! It's a 95/100 rated title for me & that's my highest rating for any game, till now!
 

M4GN3TO
298 products in account
7
576 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
436.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2018
I'm not sure it's possible to make a better game than this.
 

Synikal
1,273 products in account
30
272 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
91.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2017
One of those games where you want to forget the entire thing so you can go through it again.

I believe that is the highest praise I can give to any form of entertainment.
 

Ononoki
654 products in account
5
140 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
151.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 16, 2018
I do not write reviews often and I know this is waaaay behind the curve. However, in my 25 years of gaming, I am left with my jaw agape. This game is a masterpiece of art and storytelling. I played through all three Witcher games and can say it was completely worth the experience. Being a father of two, with a full time and part time job, I rarely get time to enjoy my favorite past time, gaming. I have become pickier with my gaming as my time is much rarer. I do not have time for “filler” games. I consider games a form of art and the Witcher 3 exceeded all my expectations. My complaints were minor, and a mere blip compared to the joy this game brought me.
If you enjoy rich storytelling, superb voice acting, fun combat, and a deep RPG experience…you need this game. My hat is off to CD Projekt Red and they have my heartfelt thanks for such a wonderfully fun and immersive experience.
 

The Bear Den
72 products in account
1
437 people found this review helpful
71 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
161.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 18, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐Average
☐ Long
☑ Very Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
 

pandacat33
124 products in account
0
846 people found this review helpful
660 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
198.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2016
I hope one day I get amnesia so I can play again to full effect.
 

Lupo
161 products in account
14
2,511 people found this review helpful
2,524 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
264.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 26, 2015
When you finish this game, it feels like you've broken up with a girl.
 

CPT Tibbles
683 products in account
75
293 people found this review helpful
115 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
157.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2021
Hm. Rain.
 

Computer
187 products in account
0
268 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
153.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 4
- DIFFICULTY -

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲Easy
☑️Normal (Blood and Broken Bones)
☑️ Hard (only in Death March)
🔲 "Dark Souls"

- GRAPHICS -

🔲 "MS Paint"
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece

- MUSIC -

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful

- STORY -

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing "Temple Runners" for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
☑️ Epic story

- PRICE -

☑️ Underpriced (STEAM SALE FTW!)
☑️ Perfect price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

- REQUIREMENTS -

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average
☑️ High end
🔲 "NASA" computer

- LENGTH -

🔲 Very short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15 - 50 hours)
🔲 Long (50 - 90 hours)
☑️ Extremely long (90 - 110 hours)
☑️ No Ending (you can literally get lost in the map and not do any quests and still have loads of fun)

- FUN -

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
☑️ Ride of your life

- REPLAYABILITY -

🔲 It's a one - time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months / years
🔲 Definitely
☑️ Infinitely replayable (New Game+ FTW!)

- WORTH BUYING -

🔲 No
☑️ Wait for sale
☑️ Yes
 

HotSaucePasta
44 products in account
0
1,771 people found this review helpful
3,878 people found this review funny 23

Recommended
2,096.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2016
Over 1000 hours and I still don't know how to play Gwent.
 

Louis
621 products in account
105
401 people found this review helpful
88 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
370.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2021
Damn its The Witcher 3, why are you even reading this?
 

Drink Water (Julia)
296 products in account
17
177 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
579.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 22, 2017
I try only to write reviews if I've got something to add about a game that I haven't seen many other reviewers already noting. I'll make an exception with Witcher 3. This game is just as good as every media outlet and amateur reviewer says it is. It might actually be, all things considered, the best game I've ever played. All of the hype you've heard is real. If that's all that matters to you, pick the game up right now. Read on for a bit more detail.

This game creates an experience that's far more than the sum of its parts. The excellent visuals and music, the lovely sound design, and the painstakingly well-crafted environments, NPCs, and quest and dialogue writing all combine to give this game a lived-in, realistic feel that very few games have been able to exhibit. Every corner of the world feels real. There's so much to experience across the several maps that you can simply wander from place to place for hours upon end, taking in all that there to experience. None of this is procedurally generated, either. It's all hand-crafted, and for those willing to look, there are some incredible things to find.

Early in the game, the player character Geralt meets a gungho historian off to chronicle the war. Geralt tells him not to go, that the warzone is a chaotic, anarchic wasteland and he'll be killed simply for the quality of his boots. The historian laughs it off, and offers to play a Gwent cardgame with Geralt. If Geralt wins, he can win a unique card from this NPC. Later in the game Geralt and Vesimir find themselves underneath a tree full of hanged civilians. Upon searching the foot of the tree, Geralt can find a half-finished history book, and the Gwent card the historian was carrying if it wasn't won from him earlier. The entire game is littered with moments like these; very subtle, missable details that only a minority of players will experience, yet CDPR has worked hard to place in the game anyway because they truly care about the depth of their world. I've played it through to completion several times and each time I find something new.

The quality of writing is so good that it will propel you to finish the game regardless of whether or not you like the combat. The characters are so likeable that you'll grow attached to them before too long, and the quality dialogue and voice acting makes the plot points hit that much harder. The unique thing about this game is not so much the quality of its writing, as there are quite a few games with solid writing, but the depth to which this quality of writing goes. From the main questline to the most minor sidequest, you can always expect to be pleasantly surprised. I was hooked by the very first monster hunting sidequest in White Orchard when you discover just why this Noonwraith is roaming around the well in this small village. Each NPC seems to have a lovingly crafted backstory of their own, and even the most minor fetch quest has its own wrinkle to make it interesting. The high quality of these quests is even more impactful in a world of Mass Effect Andromeda's with their disposable, MMO inspired, procedurally generated fetch-quests. They don't make them like this anymore. This is a game in which the most minor sidequest you take on will take you nearly an hour, and it will make you stop and think about a dilemma, or a question it poses, through its quest writing. It's amazing just how much quality content the writing team put into this game. Nothing is disposable, everything in the game serves to garner an emotional reaction or ask an important question. It's packed to the brim with quality content to experience.

The most criticzed aspect of this game is the combat, which I actually find to be quite enjoyable. I recently finished my first Death March playthrough and I found the challenge to be quite satisfying. I very rarely felt cheated, never had to cheese the game to get past a particularly difficult section. The difficulty was very well balanced and I felt a strong sense of accomplishment upon completion. The abilities scale very well, going from utility in the beginning to being overpowered within the game world if you focus solely on improving one aspect. Aard, my favorite ability, becomes an absolute world-wrecker if you continue to improve it, allowing you to force blast a small city of enemies at its highest levels. All other abilities are equally useful, and they allow you to build Geralt in whichever way you choose without feeling like you're missing out on anything. Very few RPGs are as balanced as this one is. The combat itself is enjoyable as well, requiring quick dodges and counters the way you would expect a witcher to fight. Each monster type is unique and requires its own strategies, allowing you to fall back into similar patterns whenever you face one type, but there are enough different types of monsters that you'll never face one type for long enough to get bored. To me, the humans were always the most challenging.

When it first released there was some talk of graphics downgrades, bugs, and obtuse UI. However CDPR have completely eliminated all of these issues with the most extensive round of post-release patching I've ever seen for a game. Every major bug I remember encountering has been eliminated from the game, it looks phenomenal and runs very well, and the UI flows like a dream whether you're using mouse and keyboard or a controller. In addition to this they added a ton of free DLC, so make sure you've got all that stuff set to download after you purchase the game.

To top all of this off, this game has the best DLC offerings I've ever seen in a video game, period. Better than Minerva's Den, better than Lair of the Shadow Broker. The writing in Hearts of Stone is the best I've ever seen in a DLC, and is the high point of the entire Witcher series in my opinion. And the sheer amount of content added in Blood and Wine is mind-boggling. If you buy Witcher 3, buy the Game of the Year edition without any second thoughts.

This is a game you'll put hundreds of hours into without regret. You'll be missing the characters long after you've finished it. Any time you hear a music track from the game on YouTube you'll immediately become nostalgic for the game. Witcher 3 is truly a towering achievement in every sense of the term, it's one of the very few games in which I can't find anything to criticze. It's an absolute masterpiece, and no matter what types of games you enjoy, you should buy it and give it a shot. It might actually be better than everyone says.
 

Jon Umber
393 products in account
7
472 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
147.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 12, 2017
Score: 10/10
Time to 100%: 150 hours

Easily, unequivocally, absolutely, undoubtedly, undeniably, one of my favourite games ever, ever, ever - did I mention ever - ever! Here are just some of the many reasons as to why this game is so great:

PROS:

The Leading Man - Something has to be said about our main protagonist - he's an absolute badass reminiscent to that of Solid Snake. From his scar-riddled body to his gruff and gravelly voice every ounce of him oozes cool. I want to be him. Women want him. On initial impressions you might think he will turn out to be a monotone bore, void of personality but this also couldn't be further from the truth. Geralt can always manage to deliver great lines of dialogue from witty quips to interesting introspectives. In truth he is a great leading man.

Game Within A Game - While some games like to add some extra little minigames to their game that can prove to be entertaining for a couple of minutes at best Witcher 3 went the extra mile and added Gwent - a fully fleshed out card game that adds dozens and dozens of hours of extra gameplay. This card game itself is entirely optional within the game, but whole sidequests go unfulfilled should you choose to ignore it - which you really shouldn't - because it's a lot of fun. Northern Realms is best deck!

The Writing - There's always a special place in my heart for games that manage to give a choice of not black and white options - but the all too common and ever uncertain options of grey. You know, the choices that don't have a clear cut good answer or bad answer. The choices which, all to often is going to hurt SOMEONE. Witcher 3 has plenty of these and even goes the extra mile of luring you into a "good" choice only for outcomes to go horribly wrong. It makes me question my choice, makes me feel bad, makes me reload previous saves, makes me love it all the more.

A Good Looker - Straight up this game is GEORGEOUS! There have been plenty of times where I've just stopped in a beautiful glade or mountainpass and just thought "Wow" as I take it all in. Even the cutscenes in the game can be so pretty, the characters even have their intricate little flaws and detals like tiny marks, bumps and cuts on their skin and faces. I can only appreciate the sheer amount of work that went into making a game of this beauty.

The Celtic Influence - Ok this one, well I'm Irish so I can already appreciate the heck out of it. It's blatent celtic cultural influence is just a joy to see and makes me think of a simpler time. Props to the Witcher 3 staff hiring Scottish & Northern Irish voice actors for basically the entire populous of Ard Skellige.

I could also mention other things like how the game does a great job of handling lore of fantasy - delving into a whole host of mytical creatures or how the fighting mechanics of Witcher are a technical joy, having to read up on creatures weaknesses and using useful concoctions in the heat of battle are a must for higher difficulties, but I won't say anymore I can't praise this game enough - PLAY IT.

CONS:

Haha, no.
 

Cocoabine
741 products in account
20
1,543 people found this review helpful
78 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
193.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2015
For me this is the best Single Player game, I've ever played.

Storyline - 10/10
Story is presented in a very nice form. In most of the dialogue you can choose what to say. We have many ways to pass the mission. We can do it quietly or killing everyone. Each mission is interesting and different than earlier. The story is for 30h game without sidequests. We also have mini games like cards (Gwent).

Gameplay - 9/10
Beautiful world giving many opportunities for the player. We can explore caves, forests, mountains, helping peoples and doing much more things. The map is 30 times bigger than in the previous part. Crafting and Alchemy are more important, we also can upgrade swords, armors and signs. These sandbox gives many, many opportunities. Fight feeling is pleasant. Sometimes we are blocking on a small obstacle but in comparison to other games it is not very annoying.

Characters - 10/10
Each character has its own charm. Characters are well matched to the storyline and to the environment. We can decide who will be our enemy and who is our friend. We also can choose the path of the main character. Character (mainly Geralt's) and monsters doing really great feeling, details are amazing.

Graphics - 10/10
Graphics in this game is amazing. Even the smallest details are well refined, for example when we move the grass moves with us. Graphics capabilities used in 100%. The movement of water clouds are very well refined, falling leaves, changing weather make a huge impression.

Sounds - 10/10
Music and ambient sounds in this game is great fits. We can listen medieval music which is selected for each moment of the game. Animals noises are natural. The monsters sounds are really threatening. Character voices are well selected and fit into personalities.

Overall - 10/10
If you are thinking about purchase this game, if you like open world and action RPG games, I would recommend these game for you, and I guarantee a lot of fun comes from that game. These game is masterpiece.
 

Kar0n
2,402 products in account
41
255 people found this review helpful
120 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
352.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 9, 2017
Good.
 

fws0610
143 products in account
9
462 people found this review helpful
60 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
457.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 12, 2016
Set a standard that every game and developer hasn't been met yet. Makes it kinda sad the more you think about it, like this game has essentially ruined gaming.
 

Sadius
423 products in account
6
148 people found this review helpful
337 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
487.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 18, 2020
I've spent more time with this game than I have with my wife.
 

SharpCircle
222 products in account
0
296 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
837.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2019
Best game I ever played.
Have played though it 4 times over 677h. Thinking about another go.
 

F3553
253 products in account
0
217 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
143.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2018
-Great story
-Great graphics
-Great gameplay
-great gwent
-great lore
-great soundtrack
-no microtransactions
-no lootboxes

This is the magnum opas rpg

10/10 would "what now you piece of filth?" again
 

Stoicalneo
306 products in account
0
266 people found this review helpful
52 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
109.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2018
---{Gameplay}---
☑ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont

---{Graphics}---
☑ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Story}---
☐ Doesnt have (Not counting historical stuff)
☐ Something isnt nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ Will make you cry or smile alot

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☑ Nothing
☐ Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Insanity

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ Depends on you
☐ Endless

---{Price}---
☑ Just buy it
☐ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Dont throw money into a rubbish bin

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never had any
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

Björnen
218 products in account
6
495 people found this review helpful
61 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
195.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2015
195 hours later, my epic journey with Geralt of Rivia comes to a close. Anything I say now would just be retreading over what everyone else has said, but regardless; this was one of the finest gaming experiences of my life. The world was meticulously crafted, the story was engaging, the characters were believable, the struggles and victories powerful, combat was enjoyable and varied.. this was magnificent. Not a perfect game, but very close to it, performance left a lot to be desired and the bug list was shocking to be perfectly honest.. exceeded - if not matched - only by the likes of Obsidian and Bethesda, and that simply should not happen in this day and age. The UI was merely passable in some instances and downright terrible in others and, sadly, the levelled-loot was made utterly worthless due to the expansive crafting system in the game. You craft, and use for the majority of the game, far better gear than you can find or buy -- and that, too, is a shame.

Still, I won't soon forget this game and indeed I fear now that the bar has been raised to such a level that it will negatively impact my enjoyment of other so-called "open world RPGs" to come. A bitter sweet realisation, I guess, though there's nothing to do about it now except wait and hope for games to match the quality set forth by The Witcher 3. Onward to Cyberpunk, CDPR, you've got your work cut out for you.. that's for damned sure.

10/10, would snowball fight with Ciri again.
 

Sabin
2,067 products in account
10
317 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 115

Recommended
7.8 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2020
The witcher 3 in 2020 stuck at home review
Step 1: Buy game of the year edition.

Step 2: Clear out your schedule for the next several months.
Step 3: Profit???
Step 4: Life complete. Absolutely nothing that can top this experience. You can die and go to heaven now

Just f*cking buy it already.
Play on easy if you want to feel like a god
Play on hard if you want to feel like a witcher
Mods take it from a 10/10 to a 12/10

On a scale of terrible to fabulous
Combat: Good, not great
Story: Fabulous
Sounds/Music: Fabulous
Visuals: Fabulous
Characters: Fabulous
Pacing: Fabulous
Content: Fabulous
DLC: Fabulous

This game should be worth $200, it's on sale for $15.

Take note game developers and publishers, this is how you make a great game make tons of money and have a positive relationship with your customer base at the same time.

- No microtransactions
- No virtual currencies
- No lootboxes

10/10 CD projekt red will have my business for some time to come =-)
waiting for there next masterpiece cyberpunk.
#Already finished witcher 3 it on other platform, heading for pc version now.
 

Star
1,644 products in account
74
236 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
328.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2015
I couldn't believe how "empty" I felt after finishing this game. I got that feeling you get after you finish a REAAALLLY good Netflix series... You just don't know what to do in your life anymore. But seriously, I loved everyone minute of this game, and really tried to stretch it into the most hours. The main story is awesome, I loved messing around with Ciri and my Witcher buddies. I felt like every decision was important, and the game does a really good job of that. The consequences for decisions may be immediate, or will present themselves over time, whether they be good or bad. I love this game, and eagerly await the lengthy expansions. BUY THE WITCHER 3 NOW.
 

SirPhineasTinklebot
126 products in account
10
272 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
147.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 30
---{ Graphics }---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{ Audio }---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{ Audience }---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☑ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{ Difficulty }---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second live for grinding

---{ Story }---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It'll replace your life

---{ Game Time }---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
 

I am aldwight
119 products in account
0
1,176 people found this review helpful
88 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
92.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2015
The amount of content you get for your money is unbelievable. Every sidequest is interesting, something I have never seen in my entire gamerlife.

10/10
 

Eleysium
16
361 people found this review helpful
207 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
146.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2020
One of the rare games I would physically force somebody to play if they outright refused to.
 

EvilApple
324 products in account
14
229 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
117.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 13, 2018
There are only two bad things with this game
1-The feeling of emptiness you will receive after finishing this game.
2-The fact that no other game you will play in the future will be as good as this. Hell even DLCs are the best thing there is.

An absolute masterpiece that everyone must play. Thank you CDPR

Now, onto my first new game+ campaign, because apparently I can not enjoy other games anymore
 

Haeloth
144 products in account
0
135 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
149.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2016
I'm the kind of person who doesn't like to hand out superlatives like "best". Normally whenever you try to unpack "best", it's normally hard to quantify, or at worst, empty rhetoric.

That's why I was so surprised with myself. Around ten hours into The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, a question popped into my head. "Is this the best game I've ever played?" I tried to dismiss it, re-frame it into something more subjective, but the question wouldn't go away. So I decided, "what the hell, I'll finish the game and ask myself that question again."

Now that I've finished the story, well... I think it is. From start to finish, Witcher 3 stands a full head and shoulders above every RPG I've played in almost every metric that matters to me. It has the most fully realized open world I've ever experienced. Its story and characters are deep and compelling. The game is immersive in ways I still can hardly believe. Its visuals are breathtaking, the music is fantastic. The amount of content--meaningful content, not flavorless side quests--is staggering.

The World
The current trend in open-world games seems to be using procedural generation to offer playable areas that are more than anyone could successfully explore in a lifetime. But I'm sure you've played a few games that promise this and deliver a world that's wide as the ocean and shallow as a puddle. Witcher 3 is the opposite of this. Every inch of Velen, Novigrad, and Skellige that you encounter is lovingly crafted. This is one of the only games I've played besides Elder Scrolls games where you can literally set off in a random direction and find self-sustaining adventure.
tl;dr: better game than no man's sky/10

Narrative/Characters
The main story is fantastic. The world of the Witcher is noticeably cynical, and the game uses this to its advantage. The story's conflict hinges around very adult fears and uses very adult themes to drive these points home. You spend the vast majority of the game looking for Ciri, Geralt's adopted daughter. She's not held in some magic crystal, trapped but otherwise safe--you don't know what's happened to her, all you can do is search and hope for the best.
The characters you meet, both supporting characters and general NPCs, are excellent. They're well-written, well-voiced, and well-animated, and it's a joy listening to them and hearing more about their stories.
The story is branching, but the amazing part is that I can't tell you by how much. Normally, it's readily apparent in games with choices where exactly the story branches, but this game does an excellent job at hiding the seams. The consequences of your decisions aren't readily apparent until sometimes hours of playtime after you make them.
tl;dr: feels/10

Immersion
I read reviews before buying this, and people kept saying the game was "immersive".
I didn't believe that at first, but after playing the game, I can confirm that it's the strongest point of the game. You really do feel like Geralt of Rivia, an itinerant monster slayer who often gets wrapped up in things larger than the Path he walks. You feel like you have his powers--superhuman senses, reflexes, and an encyclopedic knowledge of supernatural monsters that the commonfolk only know in myths.
The game is huge on player agency, allowing you to use what you know to solve problems as best you can. It's hard not to feel immersed when you're using your Witcher Senses to identify distant threats by sound.
Immersive Narrative
After you've played a lot of games that allow you to make decisions, you start recognizing tropes. "If you unlock a special dialogue option, take it--nothing bad will happen." "If someone tells you they're misunderstood, they normally are." Very early in the game, I let rules like this influence my decision, and the game slapped my wrist for it. I blinked, but I didn't listen and tried again on a more major plot point. The game punched me in the ♥♥♥♥. After that, I stopped trusting people at face value. I became willing to refuse people who I thought were lying to me. I started making decisions as Geralt of Rivia, instead of someone playing a video game. I almost always play RPGs as Neutral Good, doing what I think is right and helping everyone I possibly can whether they deserve it or not. The fact that a game could make me change this is absolutely massive.
tl;dr: i'm a witchman/10

Content
I already talked about how much there is to do in the world, but it deserves a special mention that this game is priced at $50. My total runtime for completion of the main story quest and maybe 60-70% of sidequests and exploration was around 120 hours. None of that time was grinding for money, experience, anything of the sort--just pure adventure. I've played AAA games for $60 that didn't have 1/4th the content this one does. Not to mention, the myriad of free DLC the game comes with, and the absolutely massive expansion packs that I've, at the time of this writing, just barely dipped my toes in. It really boggles the mind and makes you wonder what some of these other video game companies even think they're doing. After playing this game, if it was priced at $90 or even $100, I'd still say it was worth it. And I didn't even mention Gwent.
tl;dr: i owe CD Projekt Red money/10

Audio/Visual
The game is beautiful and runs exceptionally. I don't normally focus on graphics because it's more important to me that a game have a defined visual style, but Witcher 3 has one and it's beautiful. The music is excellent as well, carrying the desperation of life in Velen, the somber song of Skellige, and the carefree life (for some) of Novigrad.

Combat
This is the only part of the game that doesn't sparkle as brightly. It almost doesn't feel fair to say that, as combat in this game is very good, it just didn't dazzle me like the rest. I began to outlevel the foes I'd encounter while exploring, which trivialized combat. The game has a very good crafting and skill system to bolster your combat, but when the combat itself didn't stress me, I didn't feel much of a need to come up with clever solutions to problems. I've upped the difficulty for my playthrough of the expansions, so if I need to adjust this section later, I will.

All in all, this game is a masterwork. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes RPGs even a little bit. And for the foreseeable future, if anyone asks me what the best game I've ever played is, I will say the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
 

Thunder
407 products in account
2
290 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 20

Recommended
200.6 hrs on record
Posted: April 27, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☒ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☒ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☒ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☒ Teens
☒ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}--- (FOR FULL EXPERIENCE)
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☒ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☒ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☒ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☒ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☒ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☒ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☒ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
☐ Cyberpunk 2077

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☒9
☐10
 

Bud Knight™
72 products in account
2
246 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
268.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 12, 2016
This game is so spot on in so many areas that it's hard to review. Imagine a really, really good movie, with action and suspense and wry comedy and adult themes. Now imagine that it has its own world, its own lore, and you're actually playing a character in it, becoming doubly invested in the characters' stories. I know that this is the promise of so many other games, but The Witcher 3 actually delivers like no other game.

The difficulty is super scalable so that you get just as much tension as you want, making it excellent even for "casuals." I have spent nearly 200 hours on just one playthrough, without a break in which I played something else. I've been gaming since the days of the Tandy 1000, and I have never put this kind of time into a game. And I'm looking forward to delving into the DLC.

If there was a game that deserved, in content, quality, enjoyability, and sheer production quality, to be far higher than the $59.99 AAA mark, this would be it. And it's $39.99 right now. You need to play this game, now, while everything is still the BEST that exists. Don't let this one be one of those that you put off for ten years, only to "meh" at it when it's cheap. If you buy one AAA game in 2016 and 2017 combined, it should be this one.
 

Refurbished Hamster
1,682 products in account
1
346 people found this review helpful
23 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
345.2 hrs on record
Posted: September 3, 2018
This game felt sooo boring in the first 2-3 hours of my gameplay so i uninstalled it and i decided to never touch it for more than a year, but one day i decided to install it again and keep telling my self to stay positive hoping that one day i'll like this game (at least like the others did). so after playing some more hours i finally realized why this game is so far the best game ever made and received a crazy amount of positive reviews. to all of you who think this game is bad on your first couple of hours of gameplay, give this game a chance and play some more like i did. this game is a masterpiece. 10/10
 

LittleFreaky
270 products in account
0
383 people found this review helpful
33 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
113.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 11, 2017
Before playing this game I had never played an RPG in my life, I played mostly fps and sports games on consoles. I tried this out on PS4 and it quickly became my favorite game of all time. Loved it so much I really wanted to experience it in 60 fps and with amazing graphics so I got into the PC master race and am now in my second playthrough.
 

KangarooJoey
268 products in account
6
234 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
139.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 8, 2017
For a very long time I was thinking about writing a review on The Witcher 3 : Wild hunt...
I was always asking myself ; Am I good enough to write a review that this game truly deserves? So I never actually started to write the review.
But today I said ♥♥♥♥ it , lets get started... And this my review so here we go :
The Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt continues the story of the legendary witcher Geralt of Rivia , The white wolf , this time in search of cirilla, the witcheress who is the daughter of emperor Emhyr var Emreis...
The ability to travel through time and space makes Ciri a dangerous weapon with the potential to destroy the whole world.
Geralt is informed by Yennefer of Vengerberg (Geralt's lover and a powerful sorceress) that Ciri is being chased by The Wild Hunt, a group of wraithes from another dimension, for not so good intentions.
So Geralt goes on a mission to find Ciri before The Wild Hunt does... A mission in which he will face a lot of obstacles, new faces and old friends...
The story starts off pretty good and continues to be great and interesting the whole 40+ hours of the main story.
Characters are very well worked on and you can't help but love 'em.
CDPR dedicated 2.5 years to voice recording so I don't need to say how great everything is audio wise, dialogues are amazing and the music is just incredible, sometimes you just want to waste time mid-combat just to listen to the epic music while it lasts.
Speaking of combat, the gameplay is nearly flawless, very smooth and pretty balanced, you have to actually use some strategy and put in some thought in combat instead of spamming light/heavy attack buttons.
The level design is good and pretty diverse, side quests in the game are by far some of the best in video game history, some side quests in this game especially the witcher contracts have stories that are superior to some of the "AAA" 60$ games out there...
Everytime I play this masterpiece I wonder how a game developer can make so many different side quests at such a high quality?
Now to the graphics; The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is one of the best looking games of all time, it provides some of the best views you can possibly find in a video game, therefore it's a paradise for screenshot enthusiasts.
If all that wasn't enough already, CDPR released 16 (yes 16) FREE DLCs and 2 expansion packs the are as good as the main game (if not better) for a very fair price.
_
All in all I consider The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt not only the best RPG game of all time but also the greatest game ever released and it'll probably keep the crown for a while.
 

PaNik
183 products in account
25
925 people found this review helpful
145 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
496.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 2, 2020
~ DIFFICULTY ~

▢ My 90 year old grandma could play it
▢ Easy
🟩 Normal
▢ Hard
▢ Impossible

~ GRAPHICS ~

▢ What is this?
▢ Meh
▢ Good
▢ Great
▢ Beautiful
🟩 Masterpiece

~ SOUND/MUSIC ~ (Using headphones)

▢ Bad
▢ Nothing special
▢ Good
▢ Great
▢ Beautiful
🟩 I´m gonna cry

~ STORY ~

▢ This game has no story
▢ Like playing "candy crush" for the story
▢ It´s alright
▢ Well written
🟩 Epic story
▢ Kingdom hearts on cocaine

~ PRICE ~

▢ Free
🟩 Underpriced
▢ Perfect price
▢ Could be cheaper
▢ Overpriced

~ REQUIREMENTS ~ (Ultra settings)

▢ A stone could run this
▢ Average
🟩 High end
▢ NASA computer

~ LENGHT ~

▢ Very short (0-2hours)
▢ Short (2-15hours)
▢ Average (15-50hours)
🟩 Long (50-200hours)
▢ Neverending (200-...hours)

~ FUN ~

▢ I´d rather watch paint dry
▢ Hard to enjoy
▢ Repetitive
▢ It´s okay
▢ Fun to be had for sure
▢ The kind of fun you will remember
🟩 Life changing

~ REPLAYABILITY ~

▢ One-time experience
▢ Only for achievements
▢ If you wait a few months/years
▢ Definitely
🟩 Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

▢ No
▢ Wait for sale
▢ Yes
🟩 YES YES YES
 

Meth McRib
1,259 products in account
24
279 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
59.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2019
this game's been out for about 4 years now, there's 170k total reviews, and only around 4k of those are negative. if that's not a reason to say this game's amazing, i dont know what is.

the graphics are stunning, especially if you have enhancement mods.

the gameplay is amazing all around.

the devs are really supportive of the fanbase & community.

combat is 10/10

story is one of the best out there,
i'd even put it next to metal gear on a ranking list.
it's that good (and i havent even played through a quarter of it as of me writing this review, im too busy having fun!)

infinitely replayable.

soundtrack is god-tier, in most games you'd get burnt out on the repeating songs, but TW3 changes this making you listen more the more you hear it.

voice acting is amazing, it puts you into a trance.

the environment is unparalleled.

the list goes on & on.
even if you don't like games similiar to this, read the line below. im not usually a fan of games like the witcher, but this... hit me a different way.
buy this game, play it through, then buy it again & repeat the cycle

also the dlcs only have like 40 negative reviews.
 

hentral
188 products in account
9
2,140 people found this review helpful
675 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
203.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2015
I wish I could erase my memory so I can experience this game for the first time again.

10/10 would Witcher again.
 

RetroSpecs
219 products in account
19
210 people found this review helpful
414 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
210.2 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2020
hella sick, can toss baby in the oven
 

Ass Quake
186 products in account
0
163 people found this review helpful
105 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
129.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 6, 2019
It's like Skyrim but you're a detective, Jedi, monster hunter who sounds like Solid Snake.
 

PROFILE
81 products in account
4
219 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
634.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 4, 2021
Let my 632.3 hours of playtime speak for me.
 

Zephyrion
127 products in account
0
1,880 people found this review helpful
496 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
384.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 22, 2015
I've been planning to make huge review for this game, but in the end decided to keep it short.

Masterpiece.
 

RAYven
1,613 products in account
24
370 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
122.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2019
I played this game for over 400 hours.
I finished the whole game cracked once , I just had to buy it again and play.
The top 2 companions , Yennefer and Triss deserve separate full playthroughs from main story line to Blood and Wine.
BEST OPEN WORLD RPG GAME IN PC HISTORY. HANDS DOWN.
Everything about this game is perfect!
Imma nominate this for the best story rich game of this year!
 

Lehnsherr VIGILANT
655 products in account
13
228 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
204.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 2, 2016
This is not just a game, this is art.
Developers took such a great care of it and turned it into a real masterpiece.
There is no need to praise this game for long hence endless list of awards Witcher 3 received speaks for itself.

Do not wait and get involved today!

10/10
 

Svirt
816 products in account
1
206 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 15

Recommended
79.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 22, 2021
Planned to just quickly hop in because of the new Witcher season on Netflix. Ended up starting a new save and falling back in love with this game’s world and characters. Even back in 2015, this game set the bar for AAA open-world games going forward, proving that you don’t need the enormous staff, budget and constraining input from a publisher that is to be expected of such ‘AAA’ releases (seriously who came up with this name? - Is it from US beef grading? Batteries? Idk). Technically, as CDPR is a publicly traded company without a conglomerate publisher, the Witcher 3 could be considered as just a large funded indie game, (yeah, what indie game doesn’t have a budget of 81 million these days?) but it is every bit the AAA experience without the baggage, and should be what every large-scale developer/publisher worth their salt should strive for.

The level of customisation to your weapons, armour and magic is immense. Side quests often feel like individual games in and of themselves in terms of brilliant characters and tantalising plots. Writers and animators are the real stars and do much of the heavy lifting to bring these storylines to life, with multiple dialogue options that have actual consequences through your actions; something that many similarly marketed games fail to deliver. Bethesda, take notes. This is how you make an open world RPG.

Unlike a certain Cyberpunk game (can't put my finger on it) you’ll struggle to find a machine that CAN’T run this game, with visuals that are some of the greatest you'll ever see from a smaller development team. I nabbed this for $8 on a steam sale one year which feels like I’m robbing the devs blind. You can get it for even cheaper on GOG! (but if you’re reading Steam reviews then you’ll probably just stick to Steam). More to the point, I can’t think of any fantasy action-RPG that has immersed and captivated me as much as the Witcher 3, and I haven't even finished it yet. If you’re still reading this and are one of the two people who haven't played this game, what are you doing with your life? Play it now!

★★★★★★★★★★
 

☂️ Conan 🌴
80 products in account
4
165 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
519.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 7, 2018
NO SPOILERS

Pros:

+Developer actually gives a f*ck about making a good game.
+Developer genuially cares about the fans.
+NO MICROTRANSACTIONS OR LOOTBOXES
+Excellent indepth story.
+Detailed open world. (seperated by loading zones)
+Unique and intresting characters.
+Fun and challenging combat system.
+Free Amazing soundtrack.
+Beatiful graphics.
+Good optimization. (GTX 1050ti, i7 2600, 8gb of Ram, All Settings Set to Ultra, Fps 45-60)
+Very good DLC that is arguably better than the main game.
+Couple of dozen of free DLC.
+RPG elements.
+Sidequests are unique and intresting.


Cons:

-(Possibly) Makes you feel every game you played before this is sh*t.
-(Mixed) Too much damn content.
-Underwater controls are meh. (only applys to keyboards)
-Horse tends to get stuck on the smallest things.
-AI is super dumb if you play on easy. (don't play on easy)
-You can cheese some enmies if your outside their range with your crossbow.

Personal Thoughts:

I mean where do I even begin, I am genuinely surprised about the amount of quality and love was put into this game. The story is beatifully crafted and intresting to play. The combat is fun and has the right amount of challenge, along with awsome spells you use. Plus the combinations of making potions and armors/swords makes this a solid combat system with variety. What really got me about this game is the choices you have to make. The choices I made really made me think if the choice I chose was really the right choice. All the choices in this game are morally grey, just like real life. This reminded of when I played Mass Effect for the first time, but with so much more depth and detail. The soundtrack is excellent and really gets you involved in the game. Overall this is just a good damn game that deserves your 60$. The developers, CD Project Red actually care about the fans and making a fantastic game. So a round of applause to the developers for caring about us the fans instead of screwing us over. Overall I fully recommend this game if your are a RPG lover and want a game with quality and love put into it.

Final Score: 10/10
 

PeskyTerry1998
113 products in account
6
210 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 39

Recommended
180.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 4, 2020
I've just finished my second play through of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, each being of three years apart, and I can confidently say that this game is truly a masterpiece. It has had me completely enchanted at each and every turn due to the game's sheer beauty and the developers meticulousness when it comes to creating a fully polished experience from the combination of endless side quests, an immersive main story and outstanding DLC.

✔️ Complete character development, even the beggar on the streets has a personality. Each NPC reacts to Geralt differently, although usually with disdain.
✔️ An immersive combat RPG, a card game and interactive storytelling adventure all packaged into one triumphant hybrid.
✔️ Stunning landscapes and beautiful architecture with hundreds of unique and interesting items to find, use and sell throughout The Continent.
✔️ Beautiful graphics. I played this game on Medium settings and there were many times that I had to stop, just to take in and admire the surroundings.
✔️ Brutal and challenging combat against a huge plethora of foes, both humans and monsters with powerful finishers and multiple ways to approach each fight.
✔️ An engaging, heart wrenching, shocking, unpredictable main story line that leaves the player sad that it's over and happy that it happened.

❌ All good things must eventually come to an end.

Toss a coin to your Witcher, O' Valley of Plenty, O' Valley of Plenty, oh, Toss a coin to Your Witcher, O' Valley of Plenty!
 

Arcane
131 products in account
1
222 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
76.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2021
u dont need rtx 3090 to enjoy other games
just buy the best optimized game ever
witcher 3 that all u want from a game
 

ALUCARD_FM
654 products in account
1
505 people found this review helpful
465 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
183.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2018
Typical Witcher player:
Main quest;
Main quest;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
Main quest;
Contract;
Contract;
Contract;
... Near future, 100 hours later ...
Got to the Skellige.
 

Alley The Toaster
935 products in account
31
230 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
914.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 11, 2015
I've been gaming for well over 30 years.
I've been PC gaming since before Windows even existed.
I've long been an avid fan of story-driven RPG's, and there are not many out there I've not played. That being said, you can take my review with however large a grain of salt you may wish.

To say the game is vast belies the true scope. The designers wisely guide you from quest to quest in a flowing, natural way, almost always part of the story. Note that I said "guide". There is rarely any pressure or situations that lockstep you into a given path. You are free to make choices that let you go as deep down the rabbit-hole as you wish to go....

...and that hole is very deep indeed.

"Story rich" is a term that has a nice, general sort of meaning to it, but again, does not do the efforts of CDPR proper justice. The game is so tightly wound into the books, that unless you have read them, you constantly miss the references that are so beautifully woven into the tale. If you have not read the books, you don't lose anything, but you definitely gain so much more for the knowledge.

The story, while deep and inviting, is marred a bit by the development of some of the characters. There are some that have a constant impact in the game, but the characters themselves feel somewhat shallow and undeveloped. Yennefer, for example: The character of the books is haughty, proud, complex, and passionate. The game character feels just b*t**y and moody. Some of them, however, are just delightful and give you real reason to "buy in" to them (Zoltan and Dandelion come immediately to mind).

The environment - I am somewhat of two minds about the environment. Aspects of it are epic...the vistas from on high can be breathtaking. The play of light through trees and the colors at sunrise and sunset are a visual feast. There is a great deal to lend itself to the suspension of disbelief that is critical for immersion into the game world. But there are some things that blow that disbelief up quicker than a grapeshot bomb. The trees, bushes and grasses look very obviously two-dimensional. It was a disappointment that was lessoned somwhat by the variety in the landscapes, and the impact of weather on it, but it still was a bit of a jarring surprise when taken in context with the overall quality of the environment. Then there are the many inconsistencies in the way Geralt interacts with his environment (swimming on land, the inability to use terrain to your advantage in combat, getting stuck in trees, etc.).

Combat is by far the best iteration of all the games in the trilogy. It still remains a bit clunky (having to go into inventory, then go to your potions/food/bombs tab, then select the bombs you want to use, then exit out of all that, to have to go into the wheel and select the bomb before you throw it.....is a real pain in the @$$..... would have made far more sense to allow the user to simply click on the bomb slot in the power wheel and get a pop up inventory of just bombs. Same for potions slots and special slots.) But beyond those inconveniences, the blend of signs and attacks, coupled with dodging, parries, and combat rolls makes for an engaging, flowing combat experience. Some fights are simply acrobatic melees, while others require careful patience, waiting for the right time to strike, while maintaining a stout defense to avoid getting one-shotted.

Now, all this having been said, I have to admit that I was more than a bit disappointed that CDPR fell into the same trap of American publishers: putting the game out before all the bugs were ironed out. There have already been 8 patches and still there remains a plethora of irritating bugs (inability to talk to certain npc's that you should be able to talk to without meditating for an hour first or the flank speed on boats not working are the two most immediate that leap to mind)

Yes, there are pros.
Yes there are cons.

But even with the cons, I would easily match this to The Mass Effect Trilogy, or the Dragon Age trilogy, as one of the most enjoyable RPG experiences I've ever had in gaming. I've already played the game 3 times, back to back, and working on a 4th with the new Game + (which really is the exact same game with everything made higher level....I've not yet seen a benefit to this yet).

Watching Geralt's beard grow as time goes by was just a huge giggle for me. It was a neat touch. Watching whales in the ocean broach by my boat as I sailed by gave me no end of delight. I parked Geralt on a mountain top in Skellige and watched an entire sunset. I checked myself into Gwent Addicts Anonymous.

Would I recommend this game? Without a breath of hesitation. Then I would immediately advise to take the bugs with a grain of salt, and get lost in this rather amazing world, and thoroughly enjoyable story.

Go, and see just how deep that rabbit hole is.
 

IroNMaN
68 products in account
7
182 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
139.1 hrs on record
Posted: October 19, 2019
Let me break down what's amazing about this game:
- All dialogue is skippable, line by line (so if you read faster than NPCs talk you can skip forward).
- The menus have no animations / loading times so you don't have to wait for 2 seconds before you can equip an item / save the game.
- Saves are more or less instant (0.34 seconds on my M.2 SSD. Yep I timed it for real).
- Escort missions / followers match your speed and follow you around so you can play the game at your own pace.

Did I mention that this game is the best game I've ever played?
 

Applekini
249 products in account
5
239 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
168.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 10, 2017
After reading every book and playing all three games + dlc I can confidently say that The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt isn't a good game.

It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ masterpiece in not just gaming, but as a crowning symbol of human achievement in the arts of storytelling.

EDIT: Nominated for some awards in the Steam 2018 Awards since I haven't had the time to really play games this year but I will never forget the experience I had with this game

EDIT: Nominated for LABOR OF LOVE AWARD 2021
 

NAY THE CUT BELIEVER
2,467 products in account
9
386 people found this review helpful
79 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
388.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 11, 2017
"Write a review for The Witcher® 3: Wild Hunt"? Do you write a review for the air you breathe? For the stars in the sky? For seeing an old friend after 10 years? For a lunch in the park on a sunday afternoon with the person you love? For fulfilling all your heart's desires? For passing away at peace at an old age surrounded with people who love you?
We don't need a review for that. It speaks for itself.
 

ronaldinho
354 products in account
8
122 people found this review helpful
169 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
237.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 12, 2020
Geralt: Fog's thick as curdled milk.

Lambert: Never took you as a poet.

Geralt: Oh, but I am one. Wanna hear a limerick?

Lambert: Sure.

Geralt: Lambert, Lambert - what a prick.

Lambert: Not bad.
 

rekt0ro
278 products in account
0
217 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
157.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2016
This RPG has it all!

-Over the Top Graphics, good optimization
-Skills & Combat tree
-Unique NPCs + fully voiced
-Excellent Quests, Overwhelming Sidequests
-Huge World with dynamic weather and beautifully detailed Nature
-Much to read and overall excellent fantasy elements

This game is made with blood, sweat & hansi.

10/10
 

T-800 Unit Model 101
902 products in account
0
445 people found this review helpful
348 people found this review funny 54

Recommended
87.6 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2020
Awesome game, lots of boobies!
 

Binger
35 products in account
8
265 people found this review helpful
56 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
795.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2017
Only buy this game if you want to ruin every other RPG you play from here on out.
 

randallnate
55 products in account
4
218 people found this review helpful
522 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
57.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2018
Awarded 4 xp after I had sex with a witch

Cya virgins
 

Only Freeman
202 products in account
9
130 people found this review helpful 8

Recommended
550.8 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2020
After 500 hours it still feels like a new every time I start the game again.
 

Zipper
214 products in account
0
330 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
134.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 24
a F*cking masterpiece
 

Orpheus
54 products in account
0
205 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
162.9 hrs on record
Posted: February 20
Had this in my steam library for almost 6 years untouched, and I honestly have no idea why I let it sit for so long without playing it, but I am very happy now that I finally decided to give it a go, and can definitely understand why almost everyone says it's one of the best RPG's to hit the market
 

✞V3nÐroX™✞
500 products in account
5
381 people found this review helpful
30 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
292.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2017
One stormy night, to a village nearby,
Came a lone traveler, no one knew why.
It was a strange sight, for the people at first.
Because he was a mutant, a man aspersed.
A warrior far away from his home,
Every scar on his body told a story of its own.
His calm pale face, stripped of all emotion,
The work he came here for was his only devotion.
His yellow cat eyes gazed with a look of boldness,
The only thing he said was: "I'm here about the notice."
They agreed on a price, and he knew he could have asked for more,
But he decided not to, because the wilge was small and poor.
Then he went away, for a monster he now had to track,
As he was leaving, the villagers stared at the two swords on his back.
One made of silver, and the other of steel it was,
One tasted blood of beasts, and the other of human outlaws.
He returned the next day, before the sun had set,
Looking tired, and smelling of blood and of sweat.
He collected the coin, for the creature he had to slay,
Then he got on his horse Roach, and went on his way.
What happened there, some might call a bloodbath,
But it was just a regular night, for a witcher on his path.
Many nights like this, he had to spend alone,
Cold and in the dark, on hostile ground unknown.
Cautious he was, of enemies that lurked around,
What more can you say about a man who sleeps sitting down.
There was something he carried, that gave him comfort in such time,
A crystal skull and a rose, both had value sentimental and sublime.
He knew the day would come, when he'd have to choose between those two,
So he carried them both, until he knew what to do.
 

Borislav ♰
309 products in account
29
123 people found this review helpful
120 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
347.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2020
Imagine for a moment, you’re a humble gamer and it’s Friday night. You’ve just gotten home from work and you’re excited to play “The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt” for the first time. You’ve played the first two games and found them to be incredibly captivating. You’ve got the whole weekend to yourself. You start to play. Within moments, you’re overwhelmed by the joy you feel. You suddenly know you haven’t wasted your life because every decision you’ve ever made has led to this moment. Time continues to go by. You don’t sleep, you don’t eat, you don’t drink, you don’t care. You are Geralt of Rivia. You are the white wolf. You are a witcher; monster slayer. Sunday evening comes. You’ve missed your sister’s wedding, you’ve missed your mother’s birthday and that call from your ex you’ve been hoping to get for months now. It’s time for bed. You have to go to work tomorrow.
“I’ll just quickly finish this secondary quest before I go to sleep,” you tell yourself.
But you don’t. You can’t stop playing. And then you come to a horrible realisation... It’s not just you who doesn’t want to stop playing the game. The game doesn’t want you to stop playing the game. You panic, realising what you’ve gotten yourself into. You’re powerless to stop yourself and you just keep on playing. Forever. Because that is what the game wants... and you don’t want to disappoint the game. As you are reading this you’re thinking that what I’m saying is impossible. That is what I also thought.

Heed my warning. Leave your life behind and come play this game. It is infinitely better than whatever you’re doing with your life right now.
 

Benwanada
80 products in account
7
535 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
90.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 11, 2017
Overall Score: 9.7 / 10

Quality	9.7/10	High quality (AAA+)
Performance	10/10	Runs smoothly with amazing graphics, even on High/Ultra
Utility	9/10	No crashes, a few minor bugs; Steam cloud save; Many options
Controls	10/10	Great with both kb+m/pad; No overuse of skills/items possible
Gameplay	9.8/10	A story-driven open world fantasy ARPG
Challenge	9/10	Has some really original hard modes, but normal difficulty is a bit too easy
Content	10/10	100 hours+ with tons of side activities, quests and treasures to be found
Diversity	9/10	Unique side quests instead of generic ones; Many plot twists; Ingame CCG
Immersion	10/10	Masterly crafted, dark fantasy world/story with a realistic medieval style
Design	9.6/10	Breathtaking design overall and a story based on best sellers
Visuals	10/10	Excellent graphics, animations & level design; Changing player appearance
Sound	10/10	Outstanding voice-actors and high quality localization; Matching SFX & OST
Texts	10/10	Well written, interesting dialogues & characters; Amazingly rich lore & plot
Mapping	9/10	Huge open world; Well designed landscapes, dungeons, cities & buildings
Interface	9/10	Nice, minimalistic inventory & skill menus; Hard-mode with reduced HUD

Additional Notes:

🎮 I'd recommend using pad + tv to optimize the experience.

Tested with:
1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-Bit
AMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHz
Nvidia GTX 970 (3.5-4GB)
16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSD
Settings: High/Ultra

If you liked this review check out my archive or curator page and see how other games scored!
 

Spliffi
2,286 products in account
9
182 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
286.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 23, 2016
Here is my take on The Witcher 3 - The Wild Hunt Review.

The World:
It's a massive Gameworld with loads of things to explore.
The Witcher is beautifuly detailed on every corner of the game, the attention to detail is absolutly outstanding.
When you play the game you really feel like you are immersed in the world and it just feels as if the world is really alive and people would actually live there. There are beautiful landscapes, mountains, big cities, cavesystems, large fields with flowers and battlesides, just to name a couple of things. The wide variaty of Monsters and foes in general which you can encounter in the world is also something to mention.
There are dozens of Books with additionall Lore you can read and get even more information about the World and it's history. The NPC's you can talk to often give you more detail about the stuff thats going on if you ask them about it.
To put it simple: The world is well thought out and you can feel the history behind it.

The Story:
I won't go to much into detail about the Story because I don't want to ruin and spoil your experience, all I can say about it is that it is a very personal Story to Geralt your Protagonist. He is looking for someone and you need to find her. On your way you meet various other people (some friendlier than others) which Geralt knows from the previous Witcher Games or the Books.
On your Journey you are more often then not forced to make consequential decisions which will impact the overall Story in quite a drastic way. You can't completely screw up however. In the World of the Witcher you might very quickly understand that there is no good or bad option, it's always a matter of your own perspektive and what you find is the right thing to do in the situation.


The Quests:
Witcher 3 has loads of Quests, it might go asfar that you might feel a little overwhelmed with the amount of stuff you tasked to do (or can do)
The Story-related Questline is written very dense, tight and very personal. You feel really invested in keeping the Story going. I won't go into detail and spoil the fun.
But there are Sidequests as well, dozens in fact. But not the boring ones like in many other Open World Games where you have to collect 15 of a specific item or need to escort Person A to Place B. No...every Sidequest has a real Story to it and Characters with motivation.
There are also quests where you have to track down and slay specific 'Boss Monsters' or complete Treasure Map Quests. Additionally there are also lots of Questionmarks on the Map which you can visit and find Monsternests to destroy or Caves to explore.
And there is even more, Gwent is a game within the game, it's a Cardgame which is relatively easy to learn and you can play against most of the merchants and sink time in by modifying your deck and test new strategies.

The Graphics:
You might have seen various screenshots of the game already, so i don't have to tell you how great the game looks, the wheathersystem is fantastic and makes the games even more dynamic in its looks and feel. Places you already visited look and feel extremely different when you travel to them again, perhaps in the dark or during a storm.

The Mechanics:
Geralt has a very particular set of skills which he can use to solve his quests or make the games even more rich in content and immersion. From the witchersense which you use to highlight important things in your surrounding or brewing numerous potions who can help you to see better in the dark, hold your breath underwater for longer or simply to restore health, there are dozens of those potions. You can craft or disassemble evey loot you find in the game to help get the ingredients you might need to craft different armour, weapons or potions or you can simple sell them for money.
The skillsystem is also something to note, it's not particularly special but it helps you to deal with the enemies you encounter. (5% more damage, etc.)
Then there are also the witchersigns which Geralt can use in Battle, it ranges from simply cast fire and burn your opponent to mind-controlling your foes.
The fast travel system is smart and there are lots of points on the map from where you can fasttravel to the place you desire. You also have a Horse (Roach) which is your trusty steed although it might be a bit of a hassle to get him to move in the right direction in some cases. But never the less a welcome addition in case you don't want to walk to your next destination.

The DLCs:
Nothing to complain here. It fills the void you feel after completing the Main Game with additional content such as: new well written characters, new story and sidequests and in the case of 'Blood and Wine' a completely new World Map to explore.
It's defenitely worth the asked price and adds around 20-40 hours of content to an already massive game. And you get even more mechanics such as dying your armour or developing mutations.

Final Verdict:
The Witcher is a story and content rich experience that keeps you playing and investigated for hours. The Open World is gigantic and beautifully detailed. The characters and NPC's have motivations and are well written. Quests are numerous and diverse. Although it's not particularly necessary, but playing Witcher 1 and 2 before, adds a more detailed understanding of the world and characters you meet during your jouney in Wild Hunt.
With PC hardware getting more affordable and more powerful there is really no reason not to play this game. I played it twice and still feel I haven't seen it all. I would also recommend using a mod which lets you carry more loot (it doesn't effect you from getting achievements either).
It's an absolute recommendation for everyone who enjoys Openworld Games or just likes story rich games.

TL;DR
Witcher 3 is probably the best game I have ever played, it's a massive Open World Game with tons and tons of content. It's incredibly Story rich with loads of quests and mechanics to keep you investigated for dozens of hours. BUY IT!
 

Dr.Riley Steele
1,391 products in account
9
210 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
135.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2021
The Storytelling
The Combat system
The Grinding
The Items
The Witcher III
Masterpiece
 

Solyc Cλndy
280 products in account
6
335 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
101.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 4
45hours in AC oddyssey - feelings kinda "meh"
45 MINUTES in Witcher 3-, Wild hunt appears, minibossfight, the atmosphere, everyething. GOTY.

10/10 would recommend to play this game.
 

Dante Carrymore
1,152 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
228.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 13, 2021
Amazing game where the choices you make actually impact the story (and you get to see boobs)
 

Skojoh
72 products in account
0
331 people found this review helpful
13 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
139.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2019
My first AAA game that I've played and it's a masterpiece. Hoping more success to CD Projekt Red and a successful Cyberpunk 2077 :)
 

Freezpior
76 products in account
0
711 people found this review helpful
233 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
133.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 24, 2021
Don't buy on sale. Buy at full price.
 

Lebron James
49 products in account
0
167 people found this review helpful
81 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
468.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2021
Ruined my life
 

SakuraOmen
16 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
3,103.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 3, 2017
Pros
+ One of the best RPG that ever existed
+ It's Geralt of Rivia
+ Can't argue about graphics more
+ The price is high, true, but is worth your every penny
+ You'll enjoy the storyline and never bore with it
+ 10/10 for DLC

Cons
- it takes a lot time out of your life
 

⇋⎰ＤＩＡＢＬＯ
535 products in account
2
207 people found this review helpful
176 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
74.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 1, 2018
Got a main quest.
On my way to do main quest.
"What is that question mark on the map?
gonna check that out"
"Oh , contracts!"
10 hours later
"It's time to do main quest. Oh wait , There are another contracts!"
100 hours later
"Let's go to Skellige!"
 

Moderna
315 products in account
15
204 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
18,481.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2017
This review was cut short because of the character limit:
Full review can be found here[procryonicxblog.wordpress.com]

One of the best games of all time!
This review does not contain any spoilers for any major events in the game

Story
The Story of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt starts where The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings left of. The story itself is loosely based on the books by Andrzej Sapkowski. So the game has a lot of additional lore and history to go on unlike many other games where the story lacks history and background. There are some nods and hints to this in the game but not enough to where you would not understand a major point in the game if you have not read the books. The books are more like a guidelines than something the games follows extremely which is a good thing because it leaves the game with options unlike the books.
One of these being the many romance options in The Witcher 3. The biggest one of these being having to chose between Triss Merigold and Yennefer of Vengerberg. This choice has left many fans arguing between which of the two sorceresses to choose. This is a testament to how good the story of The Witcher 3 really is. Unlike the books there are many choices throughout the game which the player gets to make. That is one of the fantastic things about the Witcher 3. It really immerses you in the story and you feel like you truly are making the story itself unlike some other games which only give you the illusion of choice.

Graphics
Speaking of stunning visuals the graphics of The Witcher 3 are gorgeous. Beautiful landscapes and even though the game is a couple of years old it looks better than most games that have come out to this day. Now a lot of people say that graphics aren't everything and while that may be true that does not mean that you should skip out on amazing graphics. This game is one of the most visually stunning and that really helps with the immersion. Even on lower settings this game still looks amazing.
When speaking of graphics we of course have to mention performance and this game is amazing at that. I tried it out on my school laptop that is in no way meant for gaming and turned down every setting possible and the game still looked amazing and I even got around 40-50fps. For a laptop WITHOUT a graphics card that is amazing. My own gaming pc handles this game amazingly at ultra with many mods installed of course but that is to be expected for a pc with very high end hardware.

Soundtrack
The soundtrack of The Witcher 3 is to this day one of the best soundtracks of any media whatsoever. It’s fits perfectly with what you are doing and comes on at the right times. When you are fighting monsters the music becomes epic and you feel like a true Witcher. When the romance cutscenes come on the music is mellow and relaxing and truly fits with the feel of the scenes.
My two favorites are the music in Hearts of Stones (Gaunter o’ dimms soundtrack) which is truly terrifying when combined with one of the best characters in gaming history (more on him later). And the music that plays when you are in Beauclair that makes you feel like a true hero. This music fits really well with the feel and atmosphere of Toussaint.

Gameplay
The gameplay of a game is what is most important to a lot of people in the gaming community and this game has good gameplay. The controls do not feel clunky and once you get used to it everything feels smooth. Some people do not think that the fighting is amazing but from what I have played I thought that the fighting was fine. Everyone has their preferences so there are mods that change the way the fighting feels and because of that the gameplay is good for those people as well but more on mods later.

DLC
Hearts of stone:
Hearts of stone is the smaller of the DLC and takes place in Velen and Novigrad. (Locations that you could already visit without the DLC). Because of this I believe that a lot of people take this DLC for granted and that it is very underrated. In this DLC we get introduced to one of my favorite characters of all time: Gaunter o’ dimm. This man can be truly terrifying at times and that combined with his amazing soundtrack that I wrote about before. This moment in particular was one of my favorite. Some children casually singing his theme. In this DLC you also meet a character from the first Witcher game. I will not spoil who that is but she is a very beloved character and it is a nice way to show appreciation towards fans who played the first game. You do not need to worry if you have not played the first Witcher game as that is not required to understanding the plot or story. In this DLC you will also have a chance of getting the viper Witcher gear which is one of the best looking armor sets in my opinion. So I believe that this DLC is totally worth it for only 10€.

Blood and wine:
Blood and wine is the bigger of the DLC’s and let’s you visit a completely new area. The Duchy of Toussaint. It has an amazing atmosphere and reminds me a bit of France. This DLC is in my opinion the best DLC of all time and was even awarded; The Game Award for Best Role Playing Game. Yes a DLC got the award for best RPG game and that is totally deserved. The story is amazing, the visuals are mind blowing the soundtrack as said before is truly a work of art. I could sing of your praises all day long but you need to play it in order to truly experience what I am talking about. It also gives an incredible ending to The Witcher 3.

Flaws
After reading this review you might think that I am some Witcher 3 fanboy that can't see any flaws with the game but that is not true. No game is perfect and even a great game like the Witcher 3 has it’s flaws.

A minor gripe of mine in regards to the Witcher 3 is that at times it feels like the game is pushing you to picking Yen instead of Triss. I know that this is an extremely sensitive topic and can be where the Witcher community shows its ugly side but I feel like the choices should be more balanced although a lot of the Witcher 3 community thinks that there should not even be a choice at all. I understand that I am in the minority when I say that I picked Triss over Yen but I still feel like the choice should be more equal as they are both toxic towards Geralt in the books to be honest and their portrayal in the games is not at all reflective of their book counterparts. 

However biggest flaw of the game is without a doubt the fact that some major characters from The Witcher 2 do not make it into the Witcher 3. Characters like for example Saskia and Iorveth are amazing and some of the best characters in the entire trilogy but they are nowhere to be seen in the third installment. While the game does make references to a lot of events and characters in the Witcher 2 I feel like it could have done a lot more in this aspect of the game. The game feels in some ways a bit insulting towards players of the previous installment by not including Iorveth or Saskia anywhere in the game. Even a single quest or DLC would have been enough for the hardcore fans of the franchise to feel appreciated.

Truthfully this game does not have that many flaws and that is not just as someone who loves the games. I’ve seen people who give negative reviews on the witcher 3 and could still not find any good reasons not to like the game.

Final Rating
My final rating of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is: 10/10.
 

ProCryonicX⁧⁧ᵇˡˢ
789 products in account
21
255 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
105.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 3, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovely
☐ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

mort
200 products in account
0
254 people found this review helpful
658 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
874.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 11, 2018
Finally porn with a good plot
 

Arabella ღ
322 products in account
3
255 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
139.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2019
Still the best game of the decade.
 

ZioYuri78
800 products in account
0
132 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
77.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 17, 2016
post-witcher 3 depression is a real thing
 

johnny ratsmash
86 products in account
0
136 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
450.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2020
Best Game of All Time!
The Witcher 3 Wild hunt, Is truly as close as a game can get to perfection, The plot is amazing, The characters interesting and explored in depth, The writing flawless, The world as beautiful as you'll ever see in a game and the gameplay fun as hell.

The Witcher 3 like it's predecessors explores beautifully the rich world it is set in and tells a story that is both original and familiar in the sense that it fits perfectly in the Witcher universe, And makes a perfect combination between a fantasy world and a realistic world where choices matter and the characters feel as real as they could be in a video game.
To give a more brief opinion on the game I'll list the Pros and Cons:

Pros:
+ Great story and a great main character - Geralt of Rivia, A very fine conclusion to his character arch and fits well with the rest of the franchise.
+ The story is long, detailed and deep, explores characters and events in depth and makes you care about your choices as you move through the plot.
+ Quest design is excellent and every quest, Even the small ones feels like a whole story.
+ Game is easy to learn but hard to master, you might learn the basics in a few hours but it takes quite a while to truly get good at the game, and the difficulty levels actually suit well, when you start, Easy will suit you well as you only need basic skill, When you get better and start to learn how mechanics like Alchemy, Bombs and skill development work, You'll switch to normal and have a challenge again, When you get real good, Or on your second playthrough, You'll switch to hard and the game will keep being genuinely hard and challenging even to an experienced player, As you will need to utilize every weapon, Potion or skill you have in your arsenal in order to pull through.
+ Beautiful world design and lighting, even as i write this review 5 years after the game came out, It still looks phenomenal.
+ Open world is amazing, It is packed with quests, locations and mysteries to uncover, which will make you forget about the main story for a while as you simply explore every nook and cranny on the map.
+ The world is packed with content, But not overfilling, if you explore a bit you will find quests and points of interest, But won't stumble upon them with every step you take and get overwhelmed with generic things to do.
+ Exploration is rewarded, But at the same time won't get you overpowered for the main quest when you choose to get back to it after some side questing.
+ The world is enormous, And i mean Enormous! it will take you tens of hours to explore a single region to it's fullest, And every region has it's own unique feel to it, White orchard feels quite and peaceful, Velen war torn and depressing, Novigrad lively and mysterious, And skellige and Kaer Morhen just stunningly beautiful wildlands with a ton of crazy and intriguing stuff to find and explore, And where you expect it the least.
+ There is a very large variety of monsters and overall enemies that you will face as you go through the game, And will always find some new thing when you thought you have seen it all.
+ Cut scenes And Voice acting is amazing, Feels like your'e watching a good movie that you simply take part in and get to play at.
+ Graphics are very good, Even after 5 Years, I first played around 2016-17 a year and a half after the game came out, And was stunned by the visuals and the level of detail in textures and terrain, Now 5 years after it came out they still rival many of today's best-looking games and hold up very well through the years.
+ Overall there is a ton to the game and it is truly massive, the base game could take from 100 to as much as 300+ hours to finish depending on you play speed and level of completionism, That is without the expansions which also add quite a few hours, ~20 for Hearts of Stone and ~80 for Blood and Wine.
+ Gameplay is fun and well paced, Never gets old as you constantly learn new skills, acquire new items and change your play style according to them.
Cons:
- Minor glitches here and there, Mainly with Roach and corpses, Mainly right after the game came out, Most are fixed by now it seems.
- Witcher gear is wayyyy too expensive to craft, Especially later in the game, you simply can't afford to keep more than two or three sets, and keep updating them as you find the newer diagrams unless you search every single chest and larder on the map, You also will not be able to afford much of anything else other than your Witcher gear if you invest in it and try to get all sets, Even if you do a load of side quests and treasure hunting.
- Wraiths - there is no other way of putting it, after 4 playthroughs, and still they are by far THE most annoying creature in the game, or any other game iv'e played.
- Some monster bosses (In Witcher contracts) feel too easy to beat, Especially if you use methods that they are susceptible to, For example, Leshens - supposed to be super fast and strong and teleport around you like crazy, But set them aflame with Igni or a bomb and they will die in a flash, Even ones that are supposed to be bosses and be ultra hard to kill.

Well that's it really, If your'e looking for a singleplayer game that offers a rich story and characters and a rich and beautiful world, The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt will dominate that category easily. If you are however not looking for an in depth, Long and demanding commitment for probably at least 200 hours, or more like 400 with expansions and a completionist approach, Then The Witcher 3 is just not for you.
 

a door
59 products in account
2
258 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 8, 2019
If you haven't played The Witcher 3 before you die, your life is not completed.

10/10 Masterpiece
 

Yomi_Inaba
249 products in account
0
137 people found this review helpful
191 people found this review funny 32

Recommended
152.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 27, 2020
Sky turns grey, starts raining.

Geralt: Looks like rain.
Some random prostitute: Oh! it's slippery when wet.
 

Chaos Epoch
508 products in account
5
137 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
1,200.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 29, 2019
Let’s start by getting my recommendation out of the way. Should you play this game?

The Witcher 3 is a masterpiece. It is without a doubt one of the best open-world RPGs I’ve ever played. It is bigger in scope than almost any singleplayer game I’ve played.Almost without noticing, I’ve fallen in love with Geralt of Rivia. It’s not weird, or even sexual, so don’t giggle. If you’re playing The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, chances are you’re with me. After two fantastic earlier entries of the series, it feels like CD Projekt Red has nearly perfected the art of the role-playing this now classic fantasy icon. Geralt isn’t some dark brooding hero that we get too much of. He’s a father, a man with a heart of gold, a sense of justice in an unjust world, and basically? He just wants to go home, take a hot bath, and not have there be any weird magical crabs biting his jibbly bits.

GAMEPLAY
9 A lovingly crafted world, wonderful quests, deep combat, and amazing story make this one of the best RPGs we’ve ever played. Point off merely for the somewhat clunky PC controls and Geralt’s tough controls in tight quarters.

LONGEVITY
– 10 There are several dozen hours in the main quest, and another hundred or so packed into all the nooks and crannies of the game world. If you played Skyrim for hundreds of hours, get ready for another game that wiles away your summer months.

VALUE
- 10 | Very few triple-A games would give you this much content for $60. Heck, few MMOs are worth playing as long as this single-player RPG. There will be large feature DLC, but CDPR is also giving away smaller bits of DLC for free to all owners of the game as well. Worth every penny and more.

This is the new standard for open world role-playing games. There is no such thing as a perfect game, but The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt come as close to perfect as any RPG to date. The responsive combat system, tremendous world, charismatic characters, and sensational visuals translate into one of the most memorable adventures in years and a splendid way to close the trilogy.
 

Laser Bunny
240 products in account
0
457 people found this review helpful
128 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
293.3 hrs on record
Posted: July 27, 2016
Im scared ill never have this much fun again.

edit: just finished both dlc, now im sure i wont have fun again.
 

Funky Chicken
188 products in account
3
467 people found this review helpful
69 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
247.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 13, 2019
Don't buy this game on sale, buy it full price. You'll feel like you've robbed CDPR when you finish this game.

Just give them your damn money and play this game! Support the last true bros of the gaming industry!
 

Khakis
406 products in account
0
121 people found this review helpful
209 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
137.2 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2021
very elaborate and versatile card game, requires patience and strategic planning, not too easy and not too difficult either, the better you are at the game the more cards you can collect, there's a few side quests about some daughter too idk i didn't pay attention
 

killua holding two guns
198 products in account
0
131 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
108.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2020
Well this games reputation speaks for itself,quite frankly I dont have a lot to say about it that hasn't been said already.But since I want to express my love for this game and Cd projekt red, I will say somethings I loved about the game let's go.
1st.the open world is one of the richest I have ever seen it still amazes me how much detail is put it because of a smart decision of splitting it into 6 parts,which allowed them to focus on detail in each area for example.You can instantly tell apart which is novigrad or skellige they do not blend together like cities in assassins origins for example.
2.content.well it's this games biggest strength in my opinion and I will tell you why.Unlike a game like odyssey which just tries to extend the game time and tries to make it seem bigger than it really is witcher makes the best of its content side quest for example are the best I ever seen.They are more than fetch quest they expand on characters for example Barron quests or following the thread where Lambert wants to avenge his friend Aiden I could write more but I would be here forever
3.The story quite honestly story Is simple but I mean that in the best way possible because it has a lot of detail and sub plots but they complement each other perfectly I will not go into detail about it because I'm sure some people haven't played it yet and it's quite special to experience it blind.
Well as much that I love the game the combat in this game is not one of my favourite aspects of the game dont get me wrong,it works fine as it is just feels a bit sluggish at times especially after playing games like bloodborne or devil may cry or bayonetta but that's my personal preference.
Well as you can see witcher has a lot to offer and I didn't go into all the details of this game sadly because it just is to much for a written rewiew like I dint even talk about gvent one of the best mini games that spawned a real game that's just amazing.
Witcher is one of the greats I hope if you haven't played it yet you will give it a shot.
P.S thanks for reading this to the end :)
 

Rogue
494 products in account
7
434 people found this review helpful
109 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
134.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 25, 2016
The con of this game is you don't know what to do after you finish it...

it's a masterpiece!
 

Manni
213 products in account
11
1,012 people found this review helpful
873 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
142.1 hrs on record
Posted: July 12, 2015
Witcher 3 is not a game.

It's another life you can live in, there are sights to be viewed, jobs to be done, friends to hang out with and family to love and protect.

So, Witcher 3 is not a game, Gwent is.
 

MGRGXY
844 products in account
23
119 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
137.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 30, 2019
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt

The game that gives PTSD to completionists

Oh boy, where to start?
I'm a completionist myself and this game got me running around collecting stuff everywhere, it's really hard to focus when you have a Ghoul's nest right beside you.
* Anxiety kicks in * (Insert Sponge Bob meme) I DON'T NEED IT!!!

The real review.
This game is a solid 10/10 (haven't played the DLC's yet)

The combat system
It rewards those who want's to master the game, from potions, oils and bombs to counterattacks and spells, having playing Death March since mid way throught, I can say that the game punishes you a lot more, but also gaves you the dopamine release that you needed right when you succeed.
Loved all the bloody scenes from boss fights to open world encounters.

The Character development/progression
Leds you with an open variety of possibilities. You can be a master in sword combat, an incredible Sign professor (magician) or the God Emperor Edward Elric itself and use the best potions and bombs for your advantage.
Or just pick whatever you like more and make an "Hybrid", the options that you have are insane, from Light, Medium and Heavy armor which can boost your defense and/or attack damage. Giving you different playstyles.
You can be using your arsenal here, and the next thing you see, is yourself hand to hand naked on a pit with a troll.

Plot/Quests
Pretty sure this is where the game shines, from a "decision matters type of game perspective" (that's a huge definition) this game does everything good, I decided to play as Chaotic Neutral, judge every decision from a point of view that only benefits me, like helping someone who's in hurry only if it gives me coin.
That's the funniest thing of all, you can either be an altruist or a selfish greedy ♥♥♥#@r like me.
The money reward from quests is not high enough, at least that's what many reviewers complain about, but hey, do you really expect a peasant to own huge amounts of gold? The poor guy doesn't even have water to drink.
The real reward from questing is the lore, the information that you get, this is the perfect definition of "It’s all about the journey, not the destination"

Exploration/Landscapes and ending this review
Oh boy, my anxiety is already kickin' in.
It wasn't a joke when I writed that, this game is HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE, really huge, you can easily find yourself lost in the middle of a contract just by following the "?" on the map. And you can also get yourself decapitated by a swamp witch for sneaking somewhere you shouldn't (true story btw).
The graphics are just next level, the landscapes are beautiful, the music is great, sometimes I just afk into a city just to hear the horses, people running in the mud, a blacksmith forging a sword, the rain. Oh god, the immersion (silly word) just beautiful overall.
I'm not even a fan of the series, you can tell by my profile, I haven't touched any Adventure RPG game except from Square Enix titles, and I'm glad that The Witcher have introduced me into them.
Some may dislike the game, like I did back when it was released in the PS4, but I wanted to give it a second chance, just like I always do to some games (Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition for example).
I have no more words to describe this game, it's a gem even after years of release, it's a gem.

Final Score
pffft Witcher/10

This game is all about the journey, not the destination.
Thanks for making it.
 

TJ "Henry" Yoshi
343 products in account
9
562 people found this review helpful
61 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
199.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 12, 2017
game of the year?

no.

it's a game of the past and the future years.
 

Saeba Ryo
908 products in account
8
116 people found this review helpful
92 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
109.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 7, 2020
I've left my girlfriend and don't talk to my family anymore - this is my life now
 

beefbruiser
38 products in account
0
212 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
329.2 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2020
I am a female player who loves a good story and great game play. This game is the best combination of both I have ever seen. The open world is amazingly, lovingly...almost mind-bogglingly detailed. Every corner of every map has -something-. The empty marsh with a forgotten secret treasure. The unexpectedly beautiful vista after climbing a rise, standing out in such a stark contrast to the warn-torn countryside you've traveled through to get there. Abandoned cabins which tell a story all of their own. This is all the EXTRAS. Places you do not have to visit. It's all just ...there, waiting to be discovered.
The quest design is brilliant. Given the complexity of trying to make a story in an open world where you could find things completely in the wrong order, the designers are nearly flawless in the execution.
Most of all, controlling Geralt feels ...natural. Much, much better than Witcher 2. I am NOT a power gamer and yet I can easily crossbow an oncoming foe, cast a quick sign for protection and draw my blade to attack. This is also the first game where riding a horse and piloting a small skiff works so well I don't mind doing it, even when sometimes I could quick travel. There are some places that are just fun to gallop your horse through. Or speed your boat through the waters.
The scope of this game is just breathtaking. The story is dark and gritty, so much so that you wonder if the world isn't so completely messed up that you should just let the bad guys win. But then there are those moments - and they are rare, true, but moments where you have a chance, if you want, to make a bit of hope. Restore a village. Save a merchant. Bring a family back together. You can't change the world - Kings will be ♥♥♥♥♥ and wars will be wars - but you can do your part to make it better, one quest at a time. This is the part that seems -most- analogous to our everyday real lives: we can't stop politicians from being ♥♥♥♥♥ or wars and violence from happening, but we can do our part to make the world a little better place, one day at a time.
 

Kaji
46 products in account
26
270 people found this review helpful
14 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
192.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2015
A masterpiece

I have waited for this game since i finished the Witcher when it came out. Yes there was The Witcher 2, but i have waited for open world Witcher game since then. And finally my wait is over.

This game is amazing. Finally we see Ciri and Yennefer, two major characters which did not appear in previous games and i so wanted to see them in a game. Second game was too linear and short for me. It had very little content, no real cities etc. I wanted to feel that Witcher soul, like in the books, all the traveling on horses, coming to the village which is filthy and devastated by poverty. You see all the blood, racism and cruelty.

This is the first open world Witcher game. And the world is huge. It is pleasure to explore that huge world. Sometimes you find awesome treasures and sometimes you meet a quick death and sometimes you feel like a hero when you encounter some bandits and slaughter them chopping off their heads. The world is so alive and full of various creatures and monsters. Sometimes you don‘t even want to fast travel and you just ride the Roach (a horse name haha) and admire the beautiful world. The one of the best experience for me was when i have arrived into the small village at 4am. Everyone was sleeping, it was so peaceful and silent. Even the wind has calmed down. There was only one sound - a mosquito buzzing. That feel was amazing.

The one thing everyone talks the most is the graphics. Some people are very unhappy that graphics was downgraded. Yes of course this was not a very nice move from CDPR that they promised better graphics and the final game came with worse graphics. But the graphics are still amazing. It‘s not revolutionary, but it looks really really good. You want to take screenshots one after another. If only there would be an option to turn off the hud with one button. Or even better – a photo mode like in Shadows of mordor. In short the game is gorgeous. Character models are good, but they could use some work. Same goes for trees. But this is only a very small flaw which is not very important.
The performance is pretty good also. It could be better, but you can comfortably play while having a good graphics. Hairworks takes ~15fps away, but it looks really cool, i keep it on and have lowered some other less noticeable graphics options like shadows.

Sound is another great aspect of this game. It makes the wonderful (a dreadful and horrible really) world even more alive. You hear the wind, the birds chirping, the monsters aaaaand the people spitting. The voice acting is good and it makes the awesome dialogues even more interesting.

Story is amazing. Especially the side quests. This game has the best side quests ever. They‘re funny, cruel, sad and sometimes ridiculous (in a good way). The world of Witcher is very dark, full of torture, rape, violence and death. I love that CDPR made the world how it‘s supposed to be. The world changes after your decisions. You come back and you see that some things changed because of you.

The Witcher 3 also is good for time travel. You sit to play for half an hour and suddenly you see you played for 3 hours.

I love the combat in this game. Yes it could use some work, but i like it. It‘s fun to fight some stronger monsters. Maybe it‘s a bit hard against a group of weaker enemies, like Nekkers, but if you think before the fight you will manage. I love that they designed this game to be played using a controller.

The Witcher 3 also has a game inside a game. It is called gwent. It‘s a card game and it can be really addicting. I have spend hours playing it.

So far for me this is the best RPG ever made. I just can‘t think of better RPG game. It has everything – good story, graphics, gameplay, combat, world, characters.

Thank you CDPR for this game. Definitely will buy the DLC.

Pros
Great story
Superb side quests
Amazing graphics
Good performance
Outstanding gameplay
Music fascinating
Cons
Are you kidding me? No!
 

Kosmozuikis
2,563 products in account
3
233 people found this review helpful
21 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
201.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2018
If u didn't play this game and you are not going to do this, you will lose beautiful experience in your life
 

八8八
189 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
153.5 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2017
Easily one of the better role playing games of this generation.

The combat may be a tad clunky and you might run into some bugs here or there, but that does not impede the enjoyment you'll receive whilst playing. The game nails the atmosphere of a war torn, fantasy world.

You'll take contracts from villagers to relieve them of their monster riddled worries. Spend time learning about your enemy and prepare a variety of potions and bombs to help you. Go the extra mile and accept no reward so the villagers can sleep easier, or haggle for higher pay.
You'll face the horrors of war and walk a fine line between both sides.The choices you make having a severe impact on the outcome of said war.
You'll sail a boat under a starry night, hearing the sound of whales in the distance as a sense of calm washes over you. You might get ambushed by sirens or other things lurking in the sea, though.
You'll fight monsters, giants, otherworldly beings - and more often than not: humans, dwarves and elves.
You'll sit for a few drinks with old friends, new friends or even strangers. You can play cards with them, and take bets too.
You'll have to make morally grey choices in several instances. There's no right or wrong answer, and you'll have to live with the consequences.
You'll take part in assassination plots, romances (ones that don't even feel forced), daring rescues and even travel to other worlds. You'll even argue with trolls, just like you do daily on the internet.
You'll hunt for treasure and long lost artifacts belonging to sorcerers and warriors long past.
You'll find yourself engrossed in the main story, and many of the other subplots and side quests. Completing a quest feels rewarding - and you will most likely stop to admire the sunset along the way.

FREE DLC and expansion passes that have more content than some standalone AAA games out there.

CDPR put a lot of love into this game while making it, and it shows.
 

Ragnarrok
1,466 products in account
0
98 people found this review helpful
67 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
68.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 16, 2021
I want Yennefer to punch me in the face.
 

Ahiru
38 products in account
0
244 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
151.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 1, 2017
I have no words other than you need to experience this masterpiece yourself.
 

ivy
439 products in account
7
256 people found this review helpful
61 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
85.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 28
Care to play Gwent?
 

EinCroam
126 products in account
0
207 people found this review helpful
36 people found this review funny 39

Recommended
729.8 hrs on record
Posted: July 14, 2020
I really wanna write longer review for this awesome game that it is,

Graphics: 10/10
Voiceacting: 10/10
Story: 10/10
Combat/Gameplay: 10/10
Challenge: 10/10
Diversity: 10/10
DLCs: 10/10
Quests: 10/10
Music: 10/10
Gwent: 10/10
Roach: 10/10
Farting trolls: 10/10
Killing monsters: 10/10
Drunk Geralt: 10/10
Portals: 0/10
CD Project Red: 10/10
Beard growth physics: 10/10
No forced diversity: 10/10
IGN 10/10
Music: 100/10
Gwent: 1000/10
Roach: 0/10
Portals: 0/10 I agree "I hate Portals"
this game is a 11/10


I can't praise this game AND CD Project Red enough for my friends,
they are probably tired of it.

Many people say this but i'm gonna say it again ♥♥♥♥♥es.
I wish i could go back in time and play it again like i did the first time.
The game absorbs your SOUL and you just feel like the most badass monster hunter ever.
Deep dark fantasy and very adult game, play it "Death march" difficulty for the best experience,
except if you are casual with not that much of an experience.

If you are RPG/Open world/Fantasy fan, this is a must buy.

I don't think that this review will get lots of readers or likes, but it was fun to write, Thank you.
 

DarkKing
280 products in account
15
186 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
938.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 4, 2018
Let me put it this way: I have near-exclusively played Skyrim for years. I mean, I played RELIGIOUSLY. I played it on the 360, and then when I stepped up to PC, my Skyrim game did too. But after months of modding, streaming, tweaking, and killing more dragons than bacteria on my nutsack, I finally followed the recommendation of so many others and installed Witcher 3.

After only two hours in-game (well, really after only about three minutes), I realized that I may never set foot in Skyrim again. This is so much more rich, so much grittier. So much more excellent in every way.

My synopsis is simply this: The Witcher 3 is better than whatever you're playing right now.

https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7CaoHijzk1bUO3vIvnLEcO?si=owuN7EyOSo6NZ9fxFQ4VAg
 

Black Cat
225 products in account
15
66 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
516.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 23
You're not here by coincidence. I'm sure you would like to know who I am and what I do. And also see you're determined to get an answer to find out if I like being a witcher... I like being on the Path. I like picking up a lead running the trail like the tension right before a fight. And nothing gets my adrenaline flowing like battling a beast. yeahh. I like being a witcher.

Geralt of Rivia... My eternal friend. After all we've been through together, I thought about it, not even death can separate the bond between us. We'll meet again. Farewell!


That's it from us! I'll miss you, man. But don't worry, I'll be back soon. 
A Screenshot of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: sergio

sergio... signing off.
 

sergio
154 products in account
1
89 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
569.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 4, 2016
With 60+ hours under my belt I've still yet to complete the main quest during the time where this review was written. That's saying something. ~ 2nd July, 2016

"Lie still, lie silent, utter no cries. 'Cause the witcher brave and bold, paid in coin of gold."

Story

Follow the infamous 'White Wolf' Geralt of Rivia, as he undertakes numerous quests and errands in the expansive open world RPG that is known as The Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt. Geralt learns of an unexpected return of a familiar name & face: Cirilla, whom is in the crosshairs of the Wild Hunt for reasons that are yet to be discovered. It would be too hard and complex to fit in all the details regarding the story, but hey, as mentioned before - 60+ hours and haven't even completed a quarter of what this game has to offer.

Gameplay

The first thing I noticed when playing this game was it's beautiful setting. The infamous fortress of Khaer Morhen would be the first thing that you would lay your eyes on when starting up this game. The controls are surprisingly comfortable regardless if you're using a controller or a keyboard. I've encountered nearly zero bugs or glitches along my time, a few speech slurs here and there, but minor setbacks as they do not affect the experience that is presented before you.

Soundtrack

The Witcher 3's soundtrack is phenomenal, a perfect innovation towards medieval-fantasty music, the bards in an inn, the performers on the street and the unforgettable tune played by individual characters in the game which I'll leave to your imagination ^^ . Ambient music in the game is unparalleled compared to modern RPG's to date. It changes depending on the stance Geralt is currently in, the calm voice Joanna Lacher along with the instruments performed by Percival, or in combat the banging of drums and the strumming of string's in a solemn pace. F***ing perfect.

Combat

Simple mechanics in combat, new Witcher players are recommended to practice it a bit 'cause in overwhelming fights such as 5 - 1 it can be hard to know how to dodge or parry at the right time. But once combat is mastered, slicing through enemies should be no problem.

Combat mechanics have varied from preious Witcher titles and does requires a bit more thinking into your decisions instead of barbaric swinging. Most of the conflicts you encounter would require combinations of fast and strong attacks, dodging and countering whilst also putting your Signs to good use.



Conversation

Y'know, this is the thing that Fallout 4 lacks, interesting conversations. Though the option's that are presented to you when conversing with a character aren't much different, but at least it presents it's options in a way that I understand what the f*** I'm getting myself into. Witcher 3 doesn't offer this bullsh** :

Yes
↑
No ← → Sarcasm
↓
Maybe

It offers a lot more depth and clear designation, not the best speech setting compared to other RPG games & other Witcher titles but it's definitely a step forward from Fallout 4.

DLC & Extras



It gives you free DLC, and expansion packs that feel like a completely different game & story. Don't be like Creative Assembly, don't be like EA, be like CD and give free DLC away :) .



Pros, cons & ratings

Pros

+Excellent setting and dynamics
+Graphics are stunning, even in the low setting! [Recommend High/Ultra though]
+Smooth & easy combat
+Free DLC ( o3o)
+Interesting & unique characters
+More than 300-400+ hours of questing (expansion packs included)
+Zero to little bugs/glitches
+ * Cough* 

Cons

- Needs more expansion packs, I don't want it to end ;-;

Ratings

Section	Rating /10
Gameplay	10
Soundtrack	10
Combat	10
Conversation	9.9
DLC & Extras	10

Overall Verdict

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a masterpiece of masterpieces. During this age of RPG failures, this game has had its doubts and its concerns, and many have thought it to be a disaster, but it has emerged a crowning achievement regarding RPG standards and has achieved beyond.

The Witcher 3 deserves an outstanding:

10/10

A perfect game for those interested in fantasty-medieval-RPG games, given such a score regardless of its glitches and bugs.

Now excuse me while I throw my life away. Ciao.
 

Wølf
267 products in account
7
196 people found this review helpful
204 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
121.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 16, 2018
Product received for free

Game makes you empathize with a wife beater war criminal
 

Mayo
133 products in account
3
254 people found this review helpful
72 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
328.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2019
The year is 2014. A 13 year old me - whose opinions of The Witcher series were governed only by naughty clips on YouTube of some white haired dude getting it on with a succubus - sees The Witcher 2 available for free on the Xbox 360.
I had some reservations to begin with. Mostly I just thought that it might be a bit of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story when the developers have to crowbar in sex scenes to sell their game.
But I still played it.... uh, for th- the story, I swear.

By Melitele, that was the best decision I ever made.
Since that day, I've been in love with this series. The reason for that has changed as I've matured. Originally it was because Geralt was this super cool dude who kills monsters and stuff - but then I started to develop an interest in medieval culture and folklore and whatnot, possibly as a result of playing it.
Oh man I love it even more now.

Upon completing The Witcher 2, or probably even before that, I pre-ordered the ♥♥♥♥ out of The Witcher 3's collector's edition, and waited fervently for that to arrive. After a few delays which crushed my soul, the game released.
Thus began the experience that would forever change me as a creative, and as a gamer.

Clocked in more than 500 hours on Xbox One and PC combined - I can confidently state this is my favourite game. (I'm not pretending 500 hours is meant to be super impressive, because I know some people who, when they play games they REALLY play 'em).
Anyway. It's still rough around the edges, in places. For instance, the combat's a little too basic, the minimap is just godawful, and the horse riding is so bad that even the developers have joked about it.

But, it has still inspired me. Entertained me. And, at the risk of sounding like a pretentious idiot, transformed me. The world of the Witcher is just... hnnng...
I daresay I'd be a lot worse off as a worldbuilder and an artist if this game didn't exist. The storytelling is superb, the environments are breathtaking, and don't even get me started on the soundtrack oh my god the music [\og[\soeing[\sohrejnh.

When I heard from people I've showed it to, they told me that after they finished the main quests there didn't seem to be much else to do. Welp, that's fair, after you've finished up the story it feels like nothing else really matters. Which is why I think the main quest ought to be savoured - and it's designed that way. There are many, many side quests that go away after certain events in the main story. Most of these quests also affect it, and even determine what ending you get.

Another problem that the game's side quests face is that many of them seem mundane to begin with.
A chance encounter with some random old woman who says 'Oh, help get rid of the monsters in my old manor' turns into a meeting with an old frenemy who you can accompany on his own personal mission. The outcome of this quest also affects the main story.
Therein lies the problem. Perfectly awesome quests are masked with uninteresting hooks.

So I recommend you hunt every beast. Help everyone you meet. Peruse every notice board and by the gods, don't rush the main quest.

AND... to anybody who's played this game but not the DLC; you've failed as a human being.
Alright, end of review.
 

Shlock
248 products in account
0
539 people found this review helpful
20 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
259.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2015
This game is a masterpiece. It is possible that it is the greatest rpg game ever. Side quests are not boring, the game world is huge, weapons are great and combat although has some minor problems, is glorious. No game is perfect, this game has some problems, but the combination of great atmosphere, depth story, attention to details, quest diversity, sound, voice acting, music, monsters, weapons, armors, storms, Roach (the Horse) and of course the best mini game I have ever encounter in a video game : Gwent. All of this plus dozens of other great things add up and to give 10/10 masterpiece.

***Keep reading for a few more details if you are interested:

• Side Quests: I will not specifically mention any side quest because I don’t want to spoil anything. But I have to praise the quality of the side quests. I have played a lot of rpg’s in my life, and I have never encountered one whose secondary quests are so well written. Even the smallest one of them have something interesting, for example a dead guy can have a note on his body which narrates something related to his final demise. Also, I’m not exaggerating when I said that the stories of this quests are amazing, going even head to head with main stories of other games. (Some of these quests endure 2 or 3 or more hours). Also, the main quests are amazing.

• Monsters: Yes, there are monsters in this game, and you will hunt them down and probably kill them (occasionally you may let them live if you choose so). But the best part is that you can track this monsters down with something similar to “detective mode”, which will give you hints of what kind of monster you are tracking, also villagers may help to determine of what kind it is. And there is strategy in this: monsters have weakness to something, it varies from monster to monster. To learn about this weaknesses you can read the “bestiary”, which is a log of entries that have descriptions, histories and details of monsters. There are necrophages, specters, giants, insectoids, draconoids and many others. You mostly track them down by accepting or taking Witcher Contracts.

• Potions, Crafting, Alchemy: Yes this game has all of this. I as a player usually don’t waste time with alchemy, but I really enjoy it in this game. There are dozens of potion recipes and diagrams for armor, and swords that you will encounter in the game world. And they are meaningful, not like in Skyrim, were you have like a million useless potion in your pockets. In here I actually use them, especially while fighting monsters. For example, there a different kind of oils that can be applied to your swords, each one add damage bonus to a specific kind of enemy.

• Graphics, sounds and music: Yes, I was a little bit disappointed when I saw all of the graphic downgrade posts and news, and yes there is some downgrade if you compare the game with the e3 trailers. Now that said, even with the downgrade, the graphics have remained impressive. Armors, lighting, reflections all of them looks well. The game atmosphere is amazing, there are storms, strong winds, rain, thunders and even the occasional fog is some areas. So don’t let the “graphic downgrade” thing affect your judgement of this game. It’s pretty. The sound is top quality too. And the music is also top quality.

Combat: The combat control is not perfect, specially the first few hours. But as you become more familiar with controls you will really enjoy and master its mechanics.

•Geralt of Rivia: And remember you are a Witcher, a guy who is basically an expert swordsman and alchemist, but at the same time have some basic knowledge of magic spells (like kinetic blasts and fire bursts). This is not an rpg were you create a character, in here you play with a forced role, you play as Geralt of Rivia and you have no choice in that matter. But this is not a bad thing. You will feel like Geralt and live as him…and decides like him. Geralt will have to deal with hundreds of choices in his adventure, those choices have different outcomes. If you had never played any Witcher games, let’s said that this is something similar to mass effect choices (but better). Also, you can import your save files from Witcher 2, so decision in there has some interesting outcomes in Witcher 3. If you have never played any witcher game, don’t worry, you will still understand the game.

• Progress: Yes there is ability tree and all that stuff, so you as you gain xp you can invest points in different abilities like magic, combat and alchemy (and a general attribute section).

• Gwent: This is an in game card mini game. I’m one of those guys who usually ignores all mini games in games. But you should try Gwent. It has a lot of depth and strategy. At the beginning it may be difficult, but as you progress you will earn new cards that will help you in your Gwent career…try the mini game, is amazing.

Update: 11/10
 

Don Alencio
405 products in account
3
208 people found this review helpful
203 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
829.7 hrs on record
Posted: April 5, 2020
''i hate portal'' - Geralt of Rivia
 

堂島⁧⁧之龍
311 products in account
0
2,085 people found this review helpful
5,279 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
503.4 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2015
His beard grows. In real time.

BEARD. GROWS.



Oh, and there's a vast, beautiful, open world to explore, stuffed with interesting sidequests and amazing graphics, but who cares about that?
 

Kjokkling-Flanders
108 products in account
60
352 people found this review helpful
161 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
412.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 18, 2019
This game keeps me from killing myself.
 

nugge
470 products in account
20
103 people found this review helpful
98 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
630.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 26, 2021
Best card game ever...

Wait what's this about an RPG?
 

Friendly
284 products in account
0
412 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 21

Recommended
192.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 30, 2021
We just need The Witcher 4, not Cyberjunk 2077
 

burungman
885 products in account
15
167 people found this review helpful
486 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
138.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2018
you can do everything you can't do in real life, like casting magic and talking to girls
 

il forno
512 products in account
5
118 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
114.6 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2019
did play a bit when i bought it in 2017 and i didnt like it



now fast forward 2 years later i bought a new system and got bored so i installed it again



and hell man, 90h in almost 3 weeks i LOVE THIS THING



now i understand this hype for it, its truly the best RPG of its generation



 

chamona sixty-nine
1,821 products in account
0
277 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 26, 2017
To give you a bit of context to this review, I used to only play pirated games. Screw spending money on games when I could get them for free right? Then in may of 2015, I pirated the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt after seeing all the hype surrounding the game. One year later and over 350 hours of gameplay later, I was simply blown away. I now own over 140 games on steam and have never pirated a single game since. This game changed me. It’s a masterpiece from start to finish no questions asked.

Gameplay: This is simply put the best open world I have ever seen in a game. There are side quests that rival other games’ main missions. The attention to detail is incredible. I recommend never fast traveling because you will miss out on the beauty of the open world. As for the combat; it’s no Dark Souls but it’s still very up to caliber. Some people find movement of Geralt (the main character) kind of stiff but I had no such problems.

Story: I came into the Witcher 3 with zero knowledge of the Witcher universe. I didn’t play the previous entries in the series or read any of the books. This is still to me the best story I have ever experienced in a video game with The Last Of Us coming in as a close second. Nothing more needs to be said. The story is just… ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amazing. To give you an idea I usually never read books unless I need to for school assignments. After beating the game, I ordered the series of books of amazon because I got so attached to the Witcher universe.

Graphics: Absolutely superb. The game is now over 2-and-a-half-year-old and the graphics still hold up tremendously well. Whether you are looking at the textures, the weather effects, the flora etc.… Everything looks sharp.

Optimization: The game runs well. Make no exceptions you still need a pretty decent rig to run the game but it should be expected judging by this game’s graphics. On my old rig (gtx 970/ i5-4590k) I was getting 55-60fps with most of the settings on ultra. Now on my new pc (1080ti/i7-7700k) I get around 90-100 fps at 1440p with ultra settings.

To finish off, the only con I could think of is that after finishing this game, your expectations for a game will be so high that most games you will play afterwards will fall short lol. This is why I am planning to finish most of my current backlog before returning to my favorite game of all time: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
 

Sergeant Gainz
239 products in account
17
262 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
445.7 hrs on record
Posted: August 5, 2016
Note: At the time of this [re]review, I’ve played all the games and read all seven novels.

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
From a folktale legend, to a political drama, and now a fantasy epic.

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is objectively, as far as I can tell, the best game ever made. I realize this is quite a statement, but the size and scope of this masterpiece in conjunction with its precise attention to detail, as well as the solidly established and hypnotizing personal narratives of the characters; makes The Witcher 3 unlike almost any other game, period. TW3 is also a true RPG, meaning that choices are omnipresent, and your actions have, for better or worse, irrevocable consequences on the world around you. And, once you consider that this world is that of The Witcher, one of the most complex and compelling fantasy universes of all time, you’re in for a treat.

TW3 begins six months after the events of TW2; at the end of which Geralt of Rivia recovers from the amnesia that had plagued him ever since TW1. After regaining his memories, he recalls the love of his life, the sorceress Yennefer of Vengerberg, and their adopted daughter Ciri. Ciri is a child of The Elder Blood, the heir apparent to the Throne of Nilfgaard, and has the ability to travel through time and space. The downside of all this power though, is that many seek to exploit her for it. Early on in TW3 Geralt reunites with Yennefer and learns that Ciri is on the run from The Wild Hunt, so it becomes Geralt’s obsession to save the ashen-haired lass he’d come to see as his destiny, over a decade prior.

Graphically speaking, Wild Hunt is blindingly beautiful both technically and artistically. Every minor aspect of the visual detail is extremely high-quality; from the textures to the modeling, and the facial animations to the post-processing effects. Nothing is out of place in terms of technical prowess, which maximizes the effect of the art style. While the game looks very ‘real,’ creative liberties have been taken with the expressive lighting, diverse color pallet, sweeping landscapes, and various types of unique city architecture; constructing an absolutely remarkable fantasy setting.

Focusing in more on the design and exploration of The Witcher 3’s game world itself, the first phrase that comes to mind is ‘vast variety.’ Geralt’s pursuit of Ciri will send you on a riveting hunt through the war-torn marshes of Velen, sprawling cities of Novigrad, and icy isles of Skellige. The scenery and cultures of these regions provide distinctly engrossing atmospheres which contrast with each other, but still feel flawlessly in place as presented. Each of these provinces are colossally large as well, but still impressively dense in hidden treasures, monster dens, peasant villages, ruined castles, bustling cities, and much more. Truly, TW3’s map design is as close to open-world perfection as I’ve ever seen.

While traversing the various fictional realms depicted in Wild Hunt, one aspect you’ll certainly always be grateful for is the exotic, enchanting, and epic soundtrack. The OST of TW3 is particularly noteworthy though, due to how indescribably effective it is at setting the tone of wherever you are, and whatever you’re doing there. I also can’t help but love how obviously Polish the soundtrack is, as it adds a captivating foreign flair for an American like myself.

A lot of what you’ll be doing while listening to the OST, is fighting a broad assortment of enemies. When it comes to swordplay; The Witcher 3 has struck the correct middle-ground of difficulty, strategy, complexity, and visceral joy that any excellent combat system needs. Geralt of Rivia can execute fast and strong attacks, dodges and rolls, parries and ripostes, and devilish twisting and turning in any combat scenario, portraying him impeccably as The Witcher he is. Along with being The Witcher he is, Geralt can of course also use witcher’s signs, potions, and decoctions to aid him. This variety adds to the replayability, and so too do the peripheral gameplay systems.

Just like any true RPG, TW3 has an expansive leveling and perk system, which allows you to specialize Geralt’s abilities based on how you want to play. The main skill branches are swords, signs, and alchemy; each of which have enough depth to forge a hellishly powerful Geralt in a myriad of ways. Geralt’s fabled ‘witcher’s senses’ have finally become a gameplay mechanic in this installment as well, allowing you to perceive distant environmental disturbances. There’s also an incredible card game called ‘Gwent,’ but I won’t go in-depth on that. Altogether, Wild Hunt has abundant gameplay volume to offer.

An important aspect of any open-world RPG are the side quests, and The Witcher 3 has them in spades. These quests aren’t your run-of-the-mill, copy-paste errands that most open-world games have either; they’re their own unique stories with specially produced cut scenes, dialogue, and characters. Almost every quest is as well written as the main narrative, and they cumulatively tackle a startlingly sizable array of themes in human drama, conflict, and tragedy. These quests provide a large amount of decision making as well, which will test just what type of witcher you are.

Immeasurable praise has been piled onto Wild Hunt for all elements of its narrative, and rightfully so. The writing is abnormally effective at pulling the player into their role as Geralt of Rivia, and making them invested in him, as well as those he holds dear. This is because, rather than scripting out various exciting events and then placing the characters within them, the authors of TW3 developed the people in their narrative well enough to be able to propel their own stories. Every character has a lively personality, deep backstory, and most importantly; a believable motive for their actions. In this way the morally-gray conflicts of The Witcher are incredibly grounded, and engaging.

Other essential elements of TW3’s writing include the story of the world, and the character-defining decisions you make within it. As Geralt is searching for Ciri, the Southern Empire of Nilfgaard is handily conquering The North, with only the Kingdom of Redania left standing to repel their advance. This backdrop of war has made the Northern Realms immeasurably depraved; broadening human tragedy to sadistic levels. In a setting such as this, a witcher’s values are exhaustively examined. Would Geralt slaughter three peasants to stop the brutal lynching of one Nilfgaardian soldier, or slay a sentient monster who had been killing humans in self-defense? Well, only you can choose what he perceives as the lesser evil - in countless solemn scenarios.

The Witcher is a series of novels and video games with such copious philosophical insight, that it’s hard not to become overwhelmed by the richness of the lore, characters, locations, and dilemmas that it consistently presents you with. The Witcher 3 is a love letter to all fans of the series, incorporating everything that has always made The Witcher some of the best fantasy-drama writings of all time. There’s only so many ways that I can praise the wondrous narrative of Wild Hunt; so I’ll crack, and say that you have to experience it for yourself to understand.

A lot can be said about The Witcher 3, so it’s noteworthy that I spoke wall-to-wall reverence for every aspect of this game. TW3 isn’t perfect, but it’s so obviously and overwhelmingly a masterpiece, that its flaws never seem to come to mind - even when attempting to be objective. Wild Hunt is flat-out the ultimate RPG, and would be my favorite game of all time if it weren’t for my somewhat irrational nostalgia for Fallout: New Vegas. However, with the utmost sincerity, what I will say is this: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is, by my objective approximation, gaming’s greatest achievement.

Personal Rating: 11/10 - My Second Favorite Game
 

Odysseus
226 products in account
33
363 people found this review helpful
31 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
144.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2018
- - -[] - - -

☐ Kids
☑ Everyone (Quite enjoyable!)
☑ Casual players
☐ Pro players

- - - [] - - -

☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☐ Good
☑ Beautiful
☑ Masterpiece (I expect no less from CD Projekt Red)

- - - [] - - -

☐ Free
☑ Full price (Worth every single cent)
☐ Wait for sale
☑ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it

- - - [] - - -

☐ 90's PC
☑ 20's Potato PC
☑ Average
☑ PC from 2015 above
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

- - - [] - - -

☐ You just need 2 arms
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Hard (Could be hard on several occasion)
☐ Dark Souls

- - - [] - - -

☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours) ((story mode)
☑ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless ((endless mode))

- - - [] - - -

☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight?
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic (One of the very best storytelling in the world for a game)

- - - [] - - -

☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs (Updated, my bad)
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing (I've seen)

CD Projekt Red is the real MVP
 

kucing terbang
266 products in account
15
345 people found this review helpful
456 people found this review funny 54

Recommended
58.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 2
Before I played this, I had a small penis, no girlfriend and no will to live. None of these things have changed, but the game is pretty good.
 

ZoboomaFOO
138 products in account
2
239 people found this review helpful
187 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
75.5 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2018
bloody baron did nothing wrong
 

snab
325 products in account
0
140 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
168.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 17, 2018
You might look through these reviews thinking: "Man, Is this game really as good as the tales foretell?"
And there is just one answer: "It is even better."
This game will urge you to rethink your whole gaming life up to that point and it changes what you can expect from gaming nowadays.
The saga on which it is based is incredible, almost magical and the way the game incorporates it is so thought through. It makes you ponder what else the amazing world of the Witcher has to offer (and it has a lot to offer).
The characters, the gameplay, the astonishingly gorgeous world itself with all its opportunities combined with the plot and drama ascend this game to a higher dimension it seems. It is actually very hard to describe the aspects of the game which make it such an amazing experience. I guess it is just the whole picture which the game draws. While playing the game you can kinda feel the love that is put into every pixel and you just appreciate the amazing work CD Projekt Red has done.

If you have never played a game of the series and if you are enthusiastic about fantasy worlds with all the wonders they hold, definetly try this game! It will enthrall you. The tons of recommendations and awards this game accumulated are more than deserved.
Now have fun and play this beautiful game.
 

Nerrow
226 products in account
4
92 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
833.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 14, 2020
I lack the words in my vocabulary to describe how I feel about The Witcher 3. That I should be alive at this day and age and be able to experience it fills me with all manor of emotions. And I almost feel sad for those that came before me, those who no longer walks among us, that they were robbed of the sheer wonder that is the Witcher Universe.

Although it has its rough edges here and there, more easily noticeable after a 3rd or 4th playthrough. Some of these preventing you from completing it a 100% (not without some googeling and workarounds, at least). In spite of these shortcomings, I have nothing but love for the game.
The music, the nature, voice acting and the general style of this game make it a gem in my collection. I played the predecessors of the game, I read the books and now I have lived it.

The player's choices have an enormous impact on the way the story is told. After completing the game, you may want to play through it again and make different choices to watch events unfold in a completely different manner. There is so much to do, a lot of side quests with interesting stories. A vast variation of items, collectables and a very well made cardgame. On each playthrough, you fall in love with the story and the people all over again.

I have worked most of my adult life on the sea, so it goes without saying that oceans stir up some emotions. It may seem silly to the average man in the street, but the way water moves in different weather is important to me in any game. The way the light at sea can change before or after a storm is a factor that many games with weather dynamics leave out of their finished product. The Witcher 3 truly has done this well. I sometimes find myself at a cliff or at the edge of a town just taking it all in. Many of the creatures and places in the game are inspired by Northeren European and Scandinavian myths and legends. Some of the mythical creatures and stories you encounter in the game were told to me when I was growing up. This makes it all more familiar to me, as I fight my way through the continent and islands.

If you are into deep stories, light puzzles and amazing scenes and sights. This is one for you. Every time I complete it, I am with a heavy heart that the adventures are over. But after time has passed, I find myself back again.

Thanks for the amazing world of the Witcher.
 

Wanderer
134 products in account
0
134 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 12

Recommended
586.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2021
~ DIFFICULTY ~
🔲 My 90 year old dead grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
☑️ Cannot be described

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
☑️ Beautiful (Depression will never hunt me down again)

~ STORY ~

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing Pac-Man for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
🔲 Epic story
☑️ One of a kind masterpiece

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average (Runned on max settings 1440p at 70-90fps on Ultra preset)
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours) (Main Game can be beaten in less than 10 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
☑️ Forever

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
🔲 Ride of your life
☑️ Forget about your life, friends and family.

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
☑️ Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Yes (Is that even a F question?)
 

💀᠌ ⁧⁧ₛₓₙ
6,034 products in account
0
564 people found this review helpful
104 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
928.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2016
537 hours and still continue playing. That's your answer for how good it is.
 

Clementine
174 products in account
8
102 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
61.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2020
Truly a masterpiece.
Optimization is insane, game runs like butter :>
Not a single secondary quest is fetch quest, they all have engaging stories and dialogues, some of them even have multiple endings
Blood and Wine is the best DLC in the history of DLCs hands down
10/10
 

Mahouxa
795 products in account
0
121 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
182.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 14, 2017
The Witcher 3 is such a massive game that a complete review could be as many pages as a book, to fully capture the masterpiece that is the witcher 3, Geralts final game in the franchise. It's such an achievement for a relatively small studio (compared to other open-world games of this scale) that other similar games just seems boring or uncomplete after spending so much time in this game. I'm going to try and explain why this game is so brilliant in a shorter text.

Gameplay is fairly simple, you have a sword for monsters and another sword for humans, such as bandits. You can block hits and evade them by jumping to the side. You can use spells, both passive (like shields) and direct damage dealing spells, like fire. But if you are playing on a higher difficulty there's more to it then that, it's at that point that the gameplay become something more. You can prepare different types of potions that you can use in combat, against a wide variety of monsters and creatures. Every monster have their own unique weaknesses and strenghts and therefore it's important to prepare for combat in more ways if you are playing the harder difficulties.

The story is very good and interesting, but I want to avoid spoiling it in any way, this is really something you should go in and experience for yourself. The main story is between 30-70 hours long, very much depending on if you rush it through, which difficulty you are playing on, and your skill. I don't recommend rushing through this game though, at least not the first playthrough. It's such a good story, and I think you would be missing out if you don't take your time. So many interesting characters, like the Baron, Yennefer, Ciri , Kiera and Dandelion, only to name a few. The expansions are both worth picking up, I would really recommend to buy the base game along with them for a bundled price, but you don't have to wait for a sale, all the content for this game is worth full price no doubt.

You don't need to play witcher 2 before playing this title, you can just dive right in. Witcher 3 does a good job at explaining what's going on, but if you want some background and more lore you can ofcourse start by playing the previous games, or you can check out one of those youtube videos that summarize both previous games story in a few minutes time. I felt like it was much harder to get into previous games and I really like the open-world aspect of this game.

The graphics are outstanding in the game, everything from character models to the world and the cutscenes. Even the sidequests have these really well made movie looking cutscenes and nice transition between the gameplay. It's also very good optimized game, I've tried it on different machines and there's a lot of options to mess around with. If you have Nvidia you can use hair effects and extras like that even, but all these things tank the framerate heavy, so make sure you have a good graphics card if you want to play this on high or ultra. I have SLI setup and that works fine with this game also.

The soundtrack in this game is among the best I've ever heard from a game before. It's so good that I keep listening to it on youtube while I study, browse the web, etc. There's also a lot of songs and they are used very well in the game. In intense battles they use certain melodies and when you explore or watch a cutscene you'll hear others. It makes the game even better and just adds that quality feeling to it.

Is there any fault with the game then? Well yes, no game is ever perfect I think. The inventory system could be better, so you can organize your loot better. It's decent, but when you are starting to aquire a bunch of stuff it can be a little hard to find what you are looking for. Most sidequests are really interesting and not like other games "fetch-quests" however some of the other open world activities in witcher 3 can get repetitive, and the combat could also feel that way after you have played for over 100 hours, but it depends on what you think. I feel like the story and the atmosphere is what kept me playing, it was a fun world to explore.

The map is devided into different continents, each big like a game on it's own. The loading time between these worlds aren't anything to complain about and I like that you don't have to load the game while entering dungeons, houses, etc. Every map loads the entire thing right away so it just feels smooth to play. When I go back to other games, like skyrim I'm now way more impatient when it comes to that.

Witcher 3 is years ahead of any competition when it comes to open-world games. Most other titles fail to keep the interest up over a long period of time, have boring sidequests and a generic story, or a big world with nothing to do in them. CD Project Red (the developers) nailed all the important aspects of an open-world game and even innovates and bring new ideas to the table, which im sure that other developers will try and copy over the years to come. Simply put, a masterpiece open-world game that I would recommend to anyone, my personal game of the year for 2015. CD Project Red's finest hour and one of the best RPG's ever made.
 

Z0mBi3
3,256 products in account
3
219 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
428.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 8, 2016
There are on occasion certain convergences and synergies that give rise to human creations destined to transcend and expand the role and scope of art and storytelling. That's when these creations border on myth. What distinguishes them is that they are not exclusively the work of a single mastermind; instead, they become collaborations that span across years, even decades, and unite the minds of several artists, writers, designers. Such is the Nietzschean mythology of DC/Marvel superheroes; such is the Darwinist mythology of Planet of the Apes; and such is the Slavic Tolkienian saga of The Witcher.

My personal saying when it comes to games is: Gameplay is king; Story is queen. I have little to no interest in games with no story or even worldbuilding; but also no interest in games with only story (I'd rather read a book in that case). The seamless combination of both gameplay and story is what interests me the most, and very few games achieve that as Wild Hunt has achieved. This game is the embodiment of the perfect balance between gameplay and story.

CD Projekt has achieved the highest effect a game can have on its players: making them wish that it never ends. For five months I have delayed and put off the ending as long as I possibly could, wishing that this game could last forever; that I could play it for the rest of my life, always finding new side quests, new contracts, new treasure hunts. But alas, all great things must end; it's what makes them great. And The Witcher series ended on an incredibly high note. The fact that they decided to conclude the story of Geralt with this game, instead of finding a way to milk the franchise also speaks volumes of their integrity as artists.

This is a game that is exuberantly alive: it bustles and teems with life. Walking through the woods, walking through a city, into a cave... you feel life around you, especially if you play with a good headset. The feeling of riding across the lands as the sun sets is something I'll never forget. I had never played a game that felt so alive, so rich, so handcrafted in its tiniest details. Some games came close, but probably due to limitations of technology and development cycle, they didn't achieve this level of liveliness and exuberance.

I usually don't like cutscenes in most games, but here I couldn't get enough of it. The voice acting, the character animation, especially facial animation, is beyond whatever we've come to expect from games, and most games will now pale in comparison, seeming lifeless and dull. No wonder some critics said that it "defines next-gen": this game is technically and artistically unparalleled, and it should set a gold standard to be aspired to by all AAA studios in the coming years. Most of them will probably never achieve something this great, but they should at least aspire to it.

There are moments where its writing is at its best the fewer words are used: Geralt and Ciri trashing a certain place was particularly brilliant. But the writing here is among the best a game has ever seen. From my own personal preference, only the writing in Fallout: New Vegas could equal the writing in Wild Hunt. The variety of NPC soundbites in cities and villages, the different personalities given to vendors (a blacksmith mourning his son, an armourer who is not what he seems, a grumpy merchant, etc etc etc)... From the very first quests, the inner life shown by these characters is simply staggering: a lone hunter in the woods, a very minor character, who considers himself a freak, has more inner life than most protagonists in most games out there, which brings us to the question of empathy. We feel such empathy for these characters, even as we know that they are nothing but a complex arrangement of ones and zeroes (technically speaking) and we feel for even the most despicable among them, such as the Bloody Baron. Only in TV series such as The Sopranos and Breaking Bad have I felt so much empathy for men whom I would personally loathe if I ever came across them in real life. This is top-notch writing in action. We care for the characters in such a way that it’s hard to hold back the tears at certain points in the story. The few complaints I have in this regard is that the main villains were not as developed as they could have been: Imlerith and Eredin in particular could have been much more interesting, as even minor characters came out more interesting than them. Especially compared to Letho, the "villain" in Assassins of Kings, they come out terribly flat. It is a minor complaint, though, in the grand scheme of the game.

As for the gameplay: I know many players had objections to the combat, but I have no complaints whatsoever. Especially on higher difficulties, it is clever, tactical, fairly challenging and just good old fun. If you want to play Dark Souls, play Dark Souls. The Witcher is not Dark Souls, though they borrowed some of its gameplay mechanics. And if you still want a more challenging experience, there are mods for that, particularly Ghost Mode in the Nexus, which makes combat seriously brutal. The controls can be awkward and twitchy sometimes, sure, but it soon becomes a matter of skill: the better you get, the more surgical and graceful you can become, which makes it extremely fun and satisfying.

This is an ARPG, not a CRPG, and it would be unfair to compare it to RPGs where you can create your own character and roleplay it. The Witcher series as a whole excels at roleplaying a pre-established character, which makes its narrative design and cinematic experience far superior to most player-based RPGs, just as Planescape: Torment is a much better game with a pre-established character than it would have been with a player-based character. You are stuck with Geralt of Rivia, and his specific skills and fighting style cannot be changed, but within these limitations there is a freedom to build a character that is unique, not only in dialogue choices that ultimately impact the story, but in the way you approach the world and what you do with it.

In terms of performance, I have had no problems whatsoever. Not a single crash, only some very minor and amusing glitches. As I said before, this game is technically unparalleled. The RED engine is like the perfect expression of Clarke's third law: advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. The production values that made this game are still unsurpassed. Apart from a few shoddy textures here and there, it is a truly magical game in its beauty and scope: a wondrous open world where the sky and the oceans are the limits.

It is not a perfect game; it is flawed as only the greatest masterpieces can be: a tour de force to be reckoned with; a world built by some of the most creative and innovative minds in the games industry; a game carved and handcrafted as a labour of love with only the varnish of commercial appeal. Wild Hunt redeemed the videogame medium, elevating art and storytelling to a whole new level that we can only hope will come to be imitated.
 

Hapax
919 products in account
10
110 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
109.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2019
Worth even at full price.

And this game really shows the real definition of DLC... not just by adding free stuff or new features, but entirely new long quests in Velen (Hearts of Stone) and entirely new game experience!!! (Blood and Wine)
 

Looney Chipfune
3,540 products in account
0
300 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
147.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 31, 2015
Finally the epic finale for the story of Geralt of Rivia arrived.
Combining the best of Open World RPG and story driven RPG CDProject tried to offer the best of both worlds, so to speak.

While many say it is the next skyrim, i always had to think more of Red Dead Redemption in fantasy. Both games had a fixed main character, which is only so far customizeable, which is a big difference from Skyrims system. Also the dark and gritty settings, with their bit of melodramatic storyline, exploring all the mostly bad sides of humanity are quite similiar.

Naturally the witcher has the plus of a more "interesting" background world, filled with magic, war and monsters, as well as being the finale to a story spanning three games and many books.
Also CDPR did the trick to create an open world, which not only looks beautiful and offers an nearly unbelievable amount of possibilities to do, but also kept the content of the great amount of quests so unique that none feels the same.. and surely not like the boring MMO grinding stuff, for example some bioware products of late do.

The characters are also very well made, and i surely couldn´t believe the stupidity of some "gaming journalists" whining about how Witcher 3 favors anti female and racist content. Anyways, naturally even this new RPG masterwork isn´t without it´s flaws. Sadly some bugs still can annoy players, one which even seems to be introduced with the last patch, disturbing some character models. Though i trust CD Project to solve this in due time.
One of the other controversies about this game seem to concern the problems for a game, which is made both for consoles as well as pc to be optimised for both. While on the one hand some graphic options had to be tuned down, due to the limited possibilities of the consoles, the menus and texts, which were quite fine on pc, we´re often complained about by console players.

This section confesses nearly all of the bad points for Witcher 3 though, there are very few things i can say about the actual game, which are really negative. Maybe that your witcher has to be a cleptomanic as*, who steals everything, which isn´t nailed down, to use it in the very innovative crafting system. Or that one of the new mini games, a card game named Gwent, steals way too much time of actual playing, since it´s addictional content.
But all this fades against the atmosphere of a war-ridden Novigrad, where beggars and ♥♥♥♥♥♥, meddle with fanatics and witch hunters.

Conclusio: This really set´s new standards for open world as well as roleplay games imo. Definitive recommendation, not only for fans of Geralt.
 

☠✠☩ Nekator ☩✠☠
5,615 products in account
6
97 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
498.0 hrs on record
Posted: October 5, 2020
If I ever get Alzheimer's I am playing this again. The greatest game ever made. If 2077 is half the game then I will be one happy camper!
 

Mitsuko Souma
78 products in account
3
328 people found this review helpful
24 people found this review funny 29

Recommended
243.9 hrs on record
Posted: August 11, 2020
Graphics: 10/10
Story: 100/10
Soundtrack: 10/10
Gameplay: 10/10
Overall: 100/10
 

𝔀𝓪𝓵𝓴𝓮𝓻
40 products in account
0
140 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
934.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2018
The Witcher 3 is spectacular!
I have never felt empty after finishing a game before.
The improvements between the three titles are another reason to appreciate what CDPR has created.

I will try to make a short review of the things that made me fall in love with this masterpiece:
• Excellent lore and storyline based on the Andrzej Sapkowski's novels.
• Beautifully crafted world where every location is unique, combined with fabulous graphics.
• The soundtrack is masterfully composed and it fits just right in every situation.
• Loveable characters and you feel connected to them. This is one of the strongest aspects of the series and novels.
• Well written dialogues.
• Detailed and immersive cutscenes. The cinematography on some of them is simply phenomenal and breathtaking.
• A lot of choices to make and they do matter. There are 36 different ending variations, 3 of them are the major ends with a cutscene.
• All the main and side quests are high quality and very enjoyable. The monster contracts are also great.
• This is a mature game - there is plenty of nudity and gore.
• The DLC's actually contain more content than most of the 60$ games. Not to mention there are 16 free DLC's (new quests and gear).
• Enjoyable combat. It's nothing that special but you have to learn your enemies' weaknesses and their attack patterns. The game is quite challenging on a higher difficulty.
• The game is long but you don't feel it because of how much you enjoy it.
• Minor details, quests and conversations that can be easily missed. After 5 years, there are still new things the community finds.

Cons:
• The game has an end.
• Other games become harder to get into.
• Unbalanced on higher difficulties.
• You can get unstoppable on NG+ with the right build, removing any challenge.
• Some small bugs and clippings.
• Movement is sometimes clunky.

Other game dev should definitely take notes from CD Projekt Red! I wish them good luck with future projects (Cyberpunk 2077) and I really hope they continue their company philosophy.
 

>GrailSeeker
198 products in account
3
89 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
322.4 hrs on record
Posted: August 12, 2021
Playing Witcher 3 for the first time was a very mindblowing experience for me, I really remember it was 2016 when I first saw the gameplay highlights of Witcher 3 on YouTube I was blown away by the gameplay and I wish I could save some money to buy a decent pc to play Witcher 3, 2020 during the pandemic I remembered my dream that I always wanted to play Witcher 3, before I played Witcher 3 I finished Witcher 2 after that I started playing Witcher 3, it was the most enjoyable experience in my life yet during this pandemic my mind feeling unwell I tried to find entertainment. The gameplay and story of Witcher 3 is epic, especially if you finish Witcher 1&2 first you will feel the difference. And at the time I wrote this review I had finished all the stories including getting all the endings of the base game and the DLC I also completed 99% of the game progress achievements and also explored almost all the maps in Witcher 3 except Toussaint because when I explored I thought "if I have explored everything so I will feel all my goals in this game have been completed" I don't want that to happen because I really love all aspects of this game (except BUG which is very annoying like stuck suddenly) and also I can't find other game which has a good story, exciting and fun gameplay, long playtime,(if you have info about other games that meet the requirements as I wrote, please leave a comment and let me know,because I don't really know about current game info).



TL;DR : if you have money and like adventure games I highly recommend this game
 

TORONTOBOJONEGORO
140 products in account
5
83 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
169.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2020
I loved the main game but to me Witcher 3 shines brightest in the expansions. In the main story there was a 'big bad' to provide stakes and make the journey feel grand, but the smaller scope of Hearts of Stone in particular plays to the game's strengths: exploration of characters and their growth. Olgierd's tale is the perfect vertical slice of Witcher 3 and I'd even recommend playing it as a standalone story since it has no big connections to the main game. Blood & Wine lets you explore a new world but it's still very much focused on exploring the new characters and the story is once again better realized than the vanilla game. There's some fantastic stuff there as well (Bloody Baron quest, sidequests like Towerful of Mice), but the dlc is more consistent, tighter and condensed. It provides the best of W3 in less playtime.

Witcher 3 gets special credit for providing sidequests that are sometimes better than the main story. If it involves main or important side characters, that quest is almost always worth doing. The Witcher contracts always start in the same way but can have a lot of twists along the way.

I'd also like to note that I was not a fan of the previous Witcher games, at all. I did not finish W1 and had to drag myself to the end of the second game. So if you're in that camp too, still give the game a shot because it's miles better than the other entries.
 

Creamium
166 products in account
0
174 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
264.3 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2017
I'll never be able to describe the experience as a whole in words, the story and gameplay is just too much.
The DLCs are amazing, price feels just right for the amount of content they add.
I find this a very enjoyable game, beatifully made and written.

Fighting is interesting although simple, the riddles are too much fun to solve,
roaming the beautiful maps is amazing, listening to the music is exciting,
and finishing the game is heartbreaking..

I wish I had a meme or something to finish the review, but this game is worthy of much than that.
I leave my heart here. The feelings the game awoke in me reside in this review.
Feast on them, and know what a real game can make you feel.
 

Nero_
128 products in account
3
147 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
560.3 hrs on record
Posted: May 7, 2017
So here I go with my review to Witcher 3 Wild Hunt or should I rather call this a thank you note to CD Project Red?

Everything that needed to be said about this game has definitly already been mentioned in one of the previous 90k positive reviews. So this is just a very satisfied customer thanking this company for their amazing achievement, that is The Witcher 3. In a time where many companies such as Ubisoft and Electronic Arts charge the player base for every little expansion, this is most certainly a breath of fresh air. The people at CD Project Red have earned my respect and my loyalty and I am looking forward to seeing what else they will bring forth in the future.

Thank You for this amazing experience!
 

Custos
95 products in account
6
107 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
6,037.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2017
Here's a short review of the Witcher 3, arguably one of the best if not the best rpg I've played of all time.

I actually had to decide until now if I should get this game or not, because I was afraid it was just overhyped, but BOIII how wrong I was. I regret that I only played it now, but boy, oh boy, this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ good.

Pros:
The world: Which is the game's strongest point, not only is it huge but it is also alive and changes depending on your decision throughout the game. Not gonna get into it much to avoid spoilers.

Combat: While simplified it still required a bit of tactic, especially on death march, P.S Aard ftw. This was why Witcher 1 and especially 2 were hard to get into due to their ridicilous combat mechanics and difficulty, not to mention the controls back then were clunky too, so thanks CDPR.

Story: While the story follows a basic narractive of "Go save this and do that" the way it is being told is amazing, especially the characters which made the journey even more memorable

DLC: The dlc is so good they feel like a completely new game themselves, especially blood and wine, not to mention they also give people free DLC, are the dlc's worth the buy? (Hearts of Stone, Blood and Wine) Yes, very much, for a DLC they offer so much content for the price.

Soundtrack: Not much can be said here, it's freakin GOOOD.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cons:

You have to give up on your life to fully experience it all.


The game eventually ends.


Overall: A very good RPG. Which you can craft on how you want to end the White Wolf's legend. A nice send off to the witcher series. (Altho I'm still optimistic about a witcher 4)
 

SOP II
181 products in account
19
98 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
562.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 15, 2020
I've had promised myself to not review this game before completing 100% of the achievements, and here I am, everything I must tell you is : This is not a game, this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ masterwork, a true piece of art, if you are looking for a game with a good storyline, graphics, quests, that RPG feel then you came for the right game, I just wished it had a multiplayer but I understand CD Projekt Red being so protective about this. I highly recommend you to buy the dlc's since they present you a complete new game and truly being worth the price. I wish I could find something negative about this game but there isnt :) if you need help with some quest or any tips about the game feel free to ask me.
 

Снежный Харьков
57 products in account
4
107 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
236.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2021
Witcher 3 is an absolutely amazing RPG- and despite being the third in the series, a great introduction to the Witcher universe. You know it's a good game when it gets me reading books

The story is well done- not my absolute favorite, but still great; with many meaningful choices and emotional parts. The environments are beautiful and well designed, movement and combat feel amazing- suited to many different playstyles. The music is excellent and very memorable. It's filled to the brim with monster hunts and meaningful side quests, and great characters along the way.

I'd highly recommend GOTY/Complete addition, as the DLC takes everything up another level. Hearts of Stone, in my opinion, has a story even better than the main storyline in the base game. And Blood and Wine introduces a whole new region, story, adds even more monster hunts and side quests, and wraps up Geralt's story nicely.

Overall, I'd definitely say it's worth a purchase, and even more so on sale.

11/10 "I'm a Witcher. We don't feel emotions." Geralt said, emotionally.
 

AudibleSwiftness
166 products in account
3
111 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
178.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 28, 2017
BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED!
BEST STORY!
BEST GRAPHICS!
BEST MUSIC!

Completed main story + 2 dlc + most of the side quests in 120 hours and all I want to do is play it again. And I will.
Never has a game "completed me" such as this masterpiece has. This game gave me so much feelings, that I belive no other game could provide me at least 1/3 of it.
I belive this is the best game ever created, or, at least, it's the best game of this period or century. We will have to wait 10 years to see another game like this...
 

Praetorian1995
86 products in account
3
68 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
136.8 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2020
You have a newborn baby in your arms and his father is crying in front of you, what would you do? Throw the baby into the oven.

Best RPG I have ever played. The game age like a fine wine.

Late to the party after 5 years. However even after 5 years, the visuals and the sceneries of the game are still breathtaking and stunning. The game even have a dedicated community that create mods to improve the gameplay experience and graphics of the game even further.

Witcher 3 imo have one of best narrative driven story out of all games I’ve played. Every decision you made will affect the story and fates of npc. Along with the well written dialog, good voice acting, foliage sway and the sound of the wind’s howling, players are able to immerse into the world that CDPR created. Even every single side quest are well made and some of them have interesting plot behind it. You won’t feel boring or repetitive.

I’ve just finished the main story and most of the side quests, it took me almost 90 hours. Might come back and update the review after I finished both of the DLC.
 

˖ʚ 肥宅快乐水 ɞ˖
119 products in account
0
138 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
177.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2017
A great game with a lot of depth and choices that looks and sounds absolutely stunning.

Having just finished my first playthrough, there's still a lot things that I need to see and expierence, but unlike the second game in the series I know it'll take me a good 60 to 70 hours to get there. The game sucks you in and takes you for a ride that's filled with all kinds of diversions, but never gets too overwhelming.

The writing and quest design is very good. Hardly any side quest or contract is a simple fetch quest. All have something unique about them. The main quest and its 'spin-off' side quests are what makes the game really amazing though. If you've played the first two games (and/or read the books) you'll meet a lot of characters again. There's so much to do and you always have a choice (that matters) how to tackle the tasks.

Geralt's world is interesting and while one of the areas you'll play in (the biggest one) feels a bit too dark and bleak (which makes sense given the current situation there), the rest of the areas is just gorgeous. Especially Toussaint from the Blood and Wine DLC is just beautiful.

The graphics and the animations are great. You can see emotions on faces and when you see your first drunk stumbling through Novigrad, you'll wonder why other games don't put that much detail into their game world. The dawn and dusk lighting effects add a lot of atmosphere to the game. Same goes for the sound effects and the music in the game. Just an example of the music:

YouTube™ Video: The Witcher 3 Skellige Isle Ambient Music 2 
Views: 63,673
One of the best tracks from a game ever.

There are a few nit-pick problems that are far from being important, but at times they can get a bit annoying. For one enemies with a shield are weirdly overpowered. You can use your signs to break through their defense and try to roll behind them, but the way they block every hit from the front can get irritating. Another small issue is the movement control when using mouse and keyboard. Quite often you have to examine exact spots on the floor and using the keyboard to position Geralt can be tedious. Using an analogue joypad it's a lot easier to do it. The last complain is the UI. I understand that there's a lot of elements that had to be included and the tutorial is very good, but still I found the UI to be a bit overburdened and not very intuitive to use.

Overall this game is really a masterpiece that will not only entertain RPG fans a lot. It's absolutely worth the price and you should at least get the Blood and Wine expansion.
 

TheCyberDruid
8,959 products in account
0
118 people found this review helpful
52 people found this review funny 8

Recommended
290.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2020
Tiddy
 

Skoi
92 products in account
3
217 people found this review helpful
302 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
50.7 hrs on record
Posted: March 14, 2018
My friend Baker said this was a steaming pile of duce. After playing the game that dude name Baker is no longer my friend.




10/10 would lose a friend
 

Himbo Baggins
182 products in account
5
135 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
103.5 hrs on record
Posted: January 31, 2017
After completing this game you feel empty because got too deep into the game and don't want go back into real world. And when you back to real world, you will asking yourself. WHY NOT ALL DEVELOPER MAKE GAME QUALITY LIKE THIS!?

The only thing i feel bad for this game: I SHOULD HAVE PAID FULL PRICE FOR THIS GAME!!!
 

GusDeCooL
376 products in account
2
99 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
141.0 hrs on record
Posted: December 27, 2017
TL;DR Buy it. Full Price even. Then buy the books and the other games. Hitchhike to Poland to pick up a copy if you have to.

My wife and I made it a habit to play the witcher 3 together instead of netflixing or similair over the past few months. It took a few tries to get into it and it was a menacing and daunting task at first. We went into the game totally blind, not knowing anything of the books or the games that came before.

Here I sit, having finished the main storyline and most of the side content (took us 120 hrs.), writing a game review. Something I hardly ever do.
As i write this, there is some dreadful feeling of emtpiness inside me and that's because of two reasons.

Firstly because over the last few months this was our ritual. Firing up the game, slaying monsters, conversing with peasants and kings alike, laughing, crying and worrying about the situations we found ourselves in. We were genuinely immersed in the struggles of characters big and small, well written and relatable. In the end we sat there, watching the credits. Reflecting on our journey. Seeing Geralt and pals off with the same bittersweet feeling you get when you finish that one book or watch the last episode of your favourite show. You know it's over. Those people you grew attached to, you have to "let them go" in a way. At least we still have the DLCs and the older games to look forward to.

Secondly because I knew it could only go downhill from here. I showed my wife "teh best gaem evarr made". Any other game we will play together after the Witcher 3 will be "it's good, except for XY". You will not find a more complete package. A game that has a story this gripping with good looking, yet well performing graphics and a core gameplay loop as fullfilling. No soundtrack as fitting, no scenery as convincing, no character models as appealing to look at (or appalling, given the need), no world as believeable. CD Projekt Red have put an insane amount of polish (no pun intended) into every bit of this game, no matter how small and insignificant it may have seemed at the time. And you can tell.

To name a few outstanding occurances that made me go "gold star, you Polish guys":
You can start a quest "sideways" by discovering something accidently you might have not known about yet. The game still finds a way to get you to complete that quest in a way that doesn't feel like its just leading you by the nose. At any point in any quest there is always a logical, understandable and very relatable reason why you're walking from X to Y, doing Z.
We had the chance to visit a character later in the game and take our revenge. We however had already killed said character before. When Geralt said "sure, lets pay that guy a visit", we finally thought we had found a way to break the game with its countless branching story paths. We didn't. Without trying to spoil to much, the game went "did you not pay attention? This character is in the story as well" and we sat there, mouth agape, mesmerized by the fact that the storywriters kept this in mind, just in case someone tries to be funny.
Your choices truly matter. Most of the time, however, not immediately. Morality, Ethics and the question of good and evil have always been the strong suit of the Witcher universe. Something you thought heroic now will come to bite you later. Worse, it usually doesn't come to bite YOU but the characters you grew attached to. The tension in the cutscenes is real because you're never sure you did the "right" thing at some point before. Once we were done with the game we checked the Wiki page and saw what could happened in our playthrough... boy oh boy, we got lucky...
Some peasant tried to talk ♥♥♥♥ to Geralt. We drew our sword. Said peasant tried not to talk ♥♥♥♥ anymore.

Not that I wish to say this game is perfect.
A few glitches and bugs occured, but never to such a point that it broke the game. Think of it as little amusing eastereggs maybe.
All the possibilites, side content, potions and blueprints can be overwhelming at first. Especially in the beginning the game has the very bad habit of popping up ten tutorial textboxes once you pick up a leaf. It really takes some time getting into the game and mechanics, but once you do it grips you.
The combat, although easily the best of the series, can be irritating sometimes. Animations tend to have this long (as in frantic-combat-I'm-trying-to-dodge-this-lightning-bolt-long) blending period in which you might get stunlocked or Geralt flat out refuses to acknowledge your button inputs (looking at you, fistfighting right after parrying). The camera, both locked on and not can also be dodgy sometimes. I imagine once I replay this on a harder difficulty it will be responsible for the occasional teeth grind. Maybe it's better with mouse and keyboard, I couldn't tell as we played on controller.

To finish of this boo, review:
Get this game. Even if you don't like RPGs. Even if you don't really care about video games too much. CD Projekt Red deserves your money. They are the antithesis to EA, Activision and comparable companies that put money first and everything second. CDPR made their way from shoddy Neverwinter-Nights-Engine Games which you had to try really hard to love them in spite of their flaws all the way a triple A game Studio, that can easily give Bethesda a run for their money, had they been given close to the same kind of publicity.
 

[DG] | Homunk
301 products in account
4
63 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
1,000.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2020
💙💛𝓐 𝓿𝓮𝓻𝔂 𝓬𝓸𝓸𝓵 𝓰𝓪𝓶𝓮 𝓽𝓱𝓪𝓽 𝓮𝓿𝓮𝓻𝔂𝓸𝓷𝓮 𝓼𝓱𝓸𝓾𝓵𝓭 𝓱𝓪𝓿𝓮🤍❤️
⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣄⣀⠄⠄⠰⣄⣀⡀⣀⣀⣀⣀⢀⣀⣠⠎⠄⢀⣀⣴⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⠸⢛⠿⣿⣷⣦⣼⣷⣽⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣾⣧⣴⣾⣿⢟⡋⠏⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠩⡳⣬⡙⢻⣿⣿⣫⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⣿⣿⡿⠋⣵⢞⠍⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠈⠛⠢⢈⣮⣵⣧⣌⠿⠻⢿⣏⣿⣹⠿⠿⢁⣺⣷⣵⣁⠐⠉⠉⠁⠄⠄
⠄⠄⣀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣽⣿⢾⣿⢻⣻⣮⣭⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠦⠤⠄⠄
⠄⠉⠉⠉⠁⠄⠄⠄⣠⣤⣤⣤⠌⣯⡙⠛⣩⡎⢤⣶⣦⣤⣄⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢠⣾⣿⣿⠿⠉⠄⠄⣶⣶⢶⡶⠄⠄⠈⠙⠿⣿⣿⣧⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⣠⣿⠿⠛⠄⢀⣠⡞⠃⡃⠄⠄⠄⡀⠘⣦⣀⠄⠄⠛⠿⣿⡄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⡰⠛⠁⠄⠄⢠⣾⡟⠁⠄⣷⣶⣴⠇⡇⠄⠉⢿⣧⠄⠄⠄⠉⠛⢦⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠈⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢸⡏⠄⠄⠄⢁⠹⠿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⢻⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠇⠄⠄⠄⠄⠸⣄⣀⣼⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠣⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
 

🔥Crazy🔞Ghost🔥
121 products in account
20
153 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 19

Recommended
5,635.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2020
The Witcher 3 has Geralt searching for his adoptive daughter, Ciri, who is a witcher like himself. War and terrible monsters plague the land. It's up to you to decide what quests to take and what political situations to get entangled in.

+ Beautiful and expressive character models
+ Amazing game mechanics
+ Detailed, Huge, open and atmospheric world
+ Geralt's character design
+ Awesome quest design
+ Mature storytelling
 

KooR
426 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
47 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
1,410.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2021
Wind's howling.
 

APRAX 4.2
359 products in account
0
139 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
193.1 hrs on record
Posted: April 17, 2017
This game is worth having an amnesia to enjoy the gameplay again and again and again.
 

Why so sweaty?
247 products in account
7
158 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
159.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2019
Justified game of the year 2015.
 

Hyperchaotic
1,526 products in account
0
219 people found this review helpful
170 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
181.9 hrs on record
Posted: June 19, 2019
This game has cats in it.
 

MidnightKittens
197 products in account
6
132 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
41.6 hrs on record
Posted: March 31, 2020
Real world sucks this game is better!
 

CRAWLER
713 products in account
5
468 people found this review helpful
115 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
338.3 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2015
Just going to recommend because this really should say Overwhelmingly Positive instead of Very Positive.

Update: Am pleased.
 

Adri
256 products in account
7
204 people found this review helpful
56 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 9, 2019
I originally pirated this game. Having completed the entire story, I still ended up buying it.
I even played a little purely so I could leave a positive review.
I feel like that should say enough about the quality of the game.

Praise Geraldo
 

LethalSalad
201 products in account
5
140 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
312.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 25, 2017
There is nothing that can beat this game, CD Projekt Red did a wonderful job making this game, truly a masterpiece, huge respect for the company.

You can never really complete this game, there are so much stuff to do in this game you will not get bored, make your own choices when you play quests, and truly impacts the game on the choices you make.

Don't get me started on the Expension Pass, both full story DLC's offer a wonderful story and a great experience. Blood and Wine DLC offers a whole new location "Toussaint" which is basically a rich-land compared to Velen-No man's land, really gives a new perspective on the game, also in the Blood and Wine expension pass you can buy a house for yourself which you can upgrade, store your stuff and much more.

Also you have to use mods, they make your experience much better with immersion mods and others.

F*ck todays developers and publisher like Activision and Ubisoft with their money grab games, games released 5 years ago still cost at around 50€, The Witcher 3 was released just 1.5 years ago and is already 30€ and on sales at around 15€, please buy this game to support CD Projekt Red, they deserve it.

10 out of motherf*king 10 !
 

¡222
688 products in account
2
84 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
200.4 hrs on record
Posted: January 7, 2021
After 200 hours, what can I say about this game? Such a remarkable, ambitious achievement of an RPG world that it really hasn't aged much at all. Still an absolute pleasure to explore and still home to some of the best writing and characters the genre's ever seen. For example when pluck an innocuous-sounding bounty from a village notice board, you never ever really know what kind of wild story you're about to get yourself tangled up in. Almost every quest feels weighty, accurate and worthwhile, with memorable stories inspired by some of the very strangest cuts from depths of Eastern European folklore(Thanks Andrzej Sapkowski).
 

Raigeki
11,894 products in account
0
89 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
123.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 28, 2020
I remember the first time I bought the game in 2015 on MY PlayStation 4 . I finished it 4 times and got Platinum trophy (100% achievements) ( no mods no help and no youtube videos lol ) . After the dlc released , I purchased the game again ( digital copy ) because of problems with the game region >sounds and language . after 5 years I did not miss the opportunity to play the game on Steam in 4K resolution and enjoy the witcher world, so I finished the game 3 times with 100% achievements__
I will never forget this masterpiece, it will remain in my heart and mind,
 

⎛⎝🅾🅳🅸🅽⎠⎞
322 products in account
1
151 people found this review helpful
130 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
35.1 hrs on record
Posted: August 2, 2018
wtf are you doing reading reviews, just buy the game
 

IglooKim
129 products in account
0
174 people found this review helpful
56 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
178.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 11, 2018
I should be sued for buying this game on sale for 20$
Worth 1000$
 

Jorje
76 products in account
0
152 people found this review helpful
95 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
189.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 27, 2016
Witcher 3 + DLCs cost around the same than No man's sky.

Choose wisely.
 

Ebayo
284 products in account
0
160 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
30.1 hrs on record
Posted: January 5, 2020
Gameplay 10/10
Graphics (for a 2015 game) 10/10
Storytelling and quests 10/10
Characters and voice acting 10/10
Atmospere and landscapes 10/10
Music and soundtracks 10/10
Crafting and customizations 10/10
Battles and boss fights 10/10
Minigame (gwent) and collectables 10/10

Nothing in our world is perfect, but if i was asked to choose something as close to that word, i would pick the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
 

Mits
628 products in account
4
249 people found this review helpful
44 people found this review funny 18

Recommended
69.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 6, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Human
☐ Lizards

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☑ Only if u care about items
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☑ funny bugs
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

TuptusWroc
43 products in account
5
106 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
428.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 21, 2020
Well, I finally finished The witcher 3! Truth is, I installed it on release years ago, and uninstalled after 200h because it was overwhelming back then. I recently reinstalled thanks to the netflix series and played it non stop.

The game, even though a litlle old is still a gem. One of those games every gamer should have played. The DLC is nothing other then stellar. Blood and Wine DLC alone is a complete game! Content is immense and the stories are all top quality. To me, this is in the top 3 single player games ever created. That's not to say it has no flaws, but The Witcher comes pretty close.

Pro's

+Difficulty is actually scaling. set it on easy and it's really easy, but set it on hard and you may struglle.
+Graphics, though outdated by now the scenery is still stunning. The Blood and wine DLC is like going on a holiday.
+Gear. the swords, armor sets and the graphical implementation of runes is done very beautifully!
+Very easy and simple Batlle mechanics. This could be a bit more complex though but its easy to play as it is.
+Atmosphere. Your grumpy, moody Witcher is back. As a true RPG you play him as you wish.
+NPC's. Every single one with spoken lines, most with a side story to a certain depth! The secondary quest lines are litlle storylines on itself!
+Humor. Wait till you play and meet God...
+Content. It took me 420+h to complete the Witcher3. I missed only a few quests because I failed them or moved to fast. But I did 95% of all it's content. Where there is zero grind in this game for 420+h of content... This is unseen in any game!
+Stories. It sucks you in. you WANT to know what's going on. Same is true for the absolutely fantastic DLC. Blood and Wine adds an entire extra game to the already huge Witcher experience.

Con's

-batlles can be clunky. especially vs invisible opponents or many soldiers with ranged.
-Economics: Especially the DLC. Stuff is way to expensive. Everything costs gold, crafting, dismantling... and don't get me started with the ridiculous sum to enchant. It took me 100+hours to get 10.000 Gold. Once you reach the DLC they ask you to cough up 30.000 gold only to be able to enchant!! That's actually the only real disspointment I had in the game. I wish I could just be free to spend, but now you are forced to plan ahead: will you dismantle gear to build and upgrade your witcher set, or will you invest in enchanting/house...? A good part into the DLC you have enough coin for everything BUT by then you overlevveled your witcher gear, other sets will be stronger...
-Sometimes the physics are clunky and you're stuck.
-Sometimes you're in a cave and it's unclear how to proceed. Not often though.

All in all an absolutely fantastic game. A must try!!
Graphics: 7.5/10
Difficulty: Easy to learn. rest depends on diffculty setting.
Story: 10/10
Content: 10/10
Price/quality: 9/10
Total: 9/10. One of the best single player RPG ever made.
 

TheWarlock
335 products in account
1
281 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
200.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 29, 2016
Please do believe me when I say this.

I've never wanted to write a review for "The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt", because no matter how much you praise this game in your wall of text ... you just can't do justice to this masterpiece. Words can't possibly express nor describe this experience, this journey. To be honest, I don't know what else to say. Despite all that, I felt the urge to write at least something, even if it is just a few words.

After all, this is my favourite game of all time! A must-buy!


 

pie
205 products in account
4
199 people found this review helpful
72 people found this review funny 24

Recommended
125.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2021
Average Witcher enjoyer:
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄
 

WeeWeeCheese
59 products in account
1
167 people found this review helpful
26 people found this review funny 35

Recommended
98.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2020
---{Graphics}---
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
 

KARANGY
132 products in account
0
99 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 18

Recommended
125.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 23, 2020
i already played this game couple of times on other platforms and let me tell you
this game is just phenomenal
combat is really great and smooth
graphic and the environment is really breathtaking
character design
voice actors
everything about this game is just amazing!
and yes if you'r asking is it worth to play it in 2020 i have to say yes
doesn't matter what year you live , you have to finish this game once in your life!
looking forward to 100% this game on steam as well
 

RamTawN
1,121 products in account
4
755 people found this review helpful
1,213 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
672.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2015
Tutorial area took me 8 hours to complete.

I regret nothing.

Edit: Gwent should win the “Game Within A Game” award!
 

marhan
1,010 products in account
26
293 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
187.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 24, 2017
I would buy it again. And again. And again. Every time it's on sale.
 

Captain Kush
686 products in account
18
162 people found this review helpful
50 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
108.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2021
Gwent.
 

NishYou
136 products in account
0
73 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 37

Recommended
138.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 28, 2021
The Witcher 3: Masterpiece or No?
After three attempts to play the game, each time not finding it worth putting in the time necessary to finish the game, I finally found the time and patience to sit through the game on my fourth attempt. After ~120 hours playing through all available quests in the main story (that I could find, not including Gwent), as well as the Free DLC content, and the 'Heart of Stone' and 'Blood and Wine' expansions, I can finally say I have experienced one of Gaming's most notable marvels. With that said, does The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt live up to the endless praise as being "A True Masterpiece" and "One of the Greatest Games ever made"? The answer might not be quite what you expect, but we will get to that.

The Story - 8.5/10
I find one of the most common areas of praise for CDPR's magnum opus revolves around its story, so I thought it best to start here. Long and rewarding, the narrative of The Witcher 3 is truly a sight to behold with many moments of pure greatness. Playing as Geralt, you find yourself spending the first two thirds of the story searching for his lost daughter figure Ciri in order to save her from the Wild Hunt, meeting many friends and foes along the way. One of the great aspects of this story, and the game as a whole, is the way in which your decisions influence how your journey will end and it is up to the player to find their desired ending. However, the reason I do not rate the story higher is that how well one enjoys the story will, in my opinion, depend highly on how much of the side content they decide to pursue. That is to say, if players were only to do the 'Main Quests' I feel as though a fair chunk of the story would be a bit cumbersome and uninteresting.

Side Content - 10/10

Character-Driven Primary Side Quests
These are the best of the bests, stories that enhance the quality of the primary story by a country mile. You will not find better side quests in any other game and in some cases, I would argue the side quests are as good, if not better, than the main story itself, if for no other reason than that they are able to stand on their own. I would highly suggest following the storylines of The Bloody Baron, Keira Metz, and Dandelion in particular.

Other Typical Side Quests
These vary greatly, some are almost able to stand up to some of the Primary Side Quests, others are more just filler to pad playtime and give the player more resources.

Witcher Contracts
The overall quality of Contracts in general is a step above the standard side quest in the game, giving player a lot more xp, resources, money, and simply the thrill of hunting monsters.

Treasure Hunts
For 95% of these, they are the worst quests in the game, offering tiresome 2 minute searches which add nothing except an easy way to give the player money.

The other 5% are Witcher Gear Scavenger Hunts which are much better and far more rewarding

Gameplay - 6.5/10
Some people will likely berate this rating but I will stand by it. The gameplay is unrefined, and has no weight. It does not flow that well, is too easy, and can be irritating. Combat mode is limiting, the crossbow is a pointless addition, walking speed it too quick, running is too slow, etc. Additionally, traversal is... weird. Geralt can fall 6 feet and dies of fall damage (unless you do a parkour roll but my point still stands). Meanwhile a plethora of unrefined features, i.e. horse-riding, poor terrain, etc. will give mixed feelings about other areas of gameplay.

Additionally, most of the Boss Fights in the game were too easy and underwhelming. The Best, more challenging bosses only arrive in the expansions

With that said, the game is saved by the well-done and highly enjoyable RPG and Preparation mechanic. Being able to prepare for each fight with particular Oils, Potions, and decoctions immersed me greatly in the life of a Witcher and made monster fighting more satisfying. Moreover, while some of the Skill Trees could have been done better (Looking at you Sign tree), the ways in which they enhanced your abilities were extremely useful and enjoyable (though they could have done more). Also, the massive and wide variety of monsters to fight is wonderful.

Overall, while there is a some good elements in the core game design, it is simply too unrefined for me to rate it any higher.

Characters 9/10
There is a lot to like about the characters in the Witcher 3. Each of the Main and Supporting casts adds huge amounts of nuance and quality to the story you create. With many standouts which, in their own right, put entire sections of the game on their shoulders and make for unforgettable experiences. I again draw attention the characters of Ciri and The Bloody Baron as highlights. Geralt is harder to describe. He is very nuanced and monotone for a large chunk of the game, which is fairly in character, but also at times feels limited and held back by choice-based dialogue. I almost felt like he was an underwhelming, voice-acting in particular could have maybe been done better. That is, until I reached one of the stories turning points. I will not say which moment this is, but this moment and a couple others truly allow Geralt to shine as a great character.

Graphics/Optimisation - 9/10
Exceptionally well done for the time, still holds up well to this day.

Soundtrack - 9/10
A Marvelous sountrack that is truly befitting of the world, story, and characters that CD Projekt Red created.

Audio Design - 7/10
Audio design was not bad, but it was not at all memorable either

DLC Content - 10/10
I would like to briefly cover the DLCs as they will highly influence my recommendation.

Firstly, the Free DLC gets massive praise, though I do have one gripe. Specifically, every free DLC is perfect and adds a lot of amazing little details and side quests. However, they feel less like DLC and more like content that was meant to be in the game in the first place. In other words, I am extremely happy that CDPR added them, but I feel as though they should have already been in the game.

Secondly, the Heart of Stone Expansion was exceptional, adding about 10 hours of new content, and an enjoyable story that expands the world of the Witcher in so many fascinating and enjoyable ways. One Quest in particular is better than ~95% of the quests in the main game.

Lastly, the Blood and Wine Expansion is a timeless masterpiece that fixes almost all of the issues I had with the main game. Adding many new gameplay elements which gives the player so many new options and variety, a Fantastic Main storyline which features what is easily the most enjoyable Boss Fight in the entire game, a new Open World Region which makes the Base Game regions forgettable, many fantastic side quests, and so much more. If you play The Witcher 3 without playing Blood and Wine, you are making a mistake.


Recommendation
Overall, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an amazing game in its own right, with so many elements done to near perfection. However, I cannot call the base game alone a masterpiece, simply because it does not have the polish necessary for a game to reach that level. With this and Cyberpunk 2077, I can easily say that CD Projekt Red are easily the 'Grandmaster' of Content, but far from being even a 'Journeyman' of Polish.

HOWEVER , The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt WITH the DLC, Blood and Wine especially, is a masterpiece that I hope every player will be able to experience. Thus, these are my final recommendations:

The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - 8.25/10
The Witcher 3 w/ Free DLC - 8.5/10
The Witcher 3 w/ Free DLC + HOS - 9/10
The Witcher 3 w/ B+W Alone - 10/10
The Withcer 3 w/ All DLC - 10/10

Replayability - 10/10 (Easily several playthroughs can be done without boredom)
 

Br3akn3ck
239 products in account
5
74 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 11

Recommended
148.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 25, 2021
What if your RPG character was... relatable? An old and tired man, who is just done with it all and just want peace and quiet - none of that edgy ♥♥♥♥ we have seen thousands of times?

This is what you get in the third and final part of The Witcher Trilogy. Geralt, now with fully recovered memory, is summoned for a last mission which he simply cannot refuse...

Not much can be said without spoiling the rest of the plotline, but every step of the main plot line was crafted masterfully, culminating in the first RPG I have ever played where fantasy and reality came so close together, where characters became so relatable and "human". The epic world of The Witcher is intertwined with banal day-to-day things, but what is truly amazing is how those banal things are JUST AS RELEVANT as slaying Wyverns! Yes! Our heroes all have feelings, which go together with epic fantasy plots! Mind=blow!

Concerning mechanics, the Wild Hunt upgraded into a (semi) open-world game with an overwhelming number of side quests and things to explore. The world is rich and very enjoyable to travel. The gear crafting and upgrading system was also a lot of fun. The RPG system was (again) revamped but quality-wise feels equivalent to the previous system. Fistfighting minigames are cool again; a cardgame called Gwent kinda replaces the poker dice. No drinking contests nor armwrestling, but you get to race horses!

No Linux version, but worked flawlessly with Steam Proton (thanks Valve \o/). Achievements were right on spot, not a single boring one!

Calling this a masterpiece is an understatement. "The Witcher - Wild Hunt" is a lesson to all developers out there, of what an action RPG should be. This game easily ranks as the Best RPG ever made by mankind in my list  Thanks for the feels, CD Projekt Red, I'll never forget Geralt and how much he hates Portals!
 

Holysword
853 products in account
3
220 people found this review helpful
46 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
155.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 21, 2018
===[]===
☐ Kids
☑Everyone
☑ Casual players
☑ Pro players

===[]===
☐ Potato
☐ Really bad
☐ Bad
☐ OK
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Masterpiece

===[]===
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Average
☐ Refund it if you can
☐ Don't do it
☐ Free

===[]===
☐ 90' PC
☐ Minimum
☐ Medium
☑ Fast
☐ High end
☐ NASA computer

===[]===
☐ You just need 2 arms
☐ Ez
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Hard (first few hours)
☐ Dark Souls


===[]===
☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)
☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)
☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)
☑ Long ( 12+ hours)
☑ Endless

===[] ===
☐ It doesn't have
☐ Still better than Twilight
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

===[]===
☐ Game itself is one big BUG
☐ Bugs destroying the game
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ You can use them for speedrun
☐ Nothing

--------------------------------------------


- 5/5!
 

Dolmio
115 products in account
15
73 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
417.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 21, 2020
The Witcher 3 is absolutely lovely and is a shining example of what a single-player, open world, RPG should be. To this day it can hold such high standards even when compared to the latest games.

Beware of potentially getting addicted to this game and most importantly, beware of Gwent!
 

!Zoot
622 products in account
0
82 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
190.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 7, 2020
I have spent nearly 40 hours of my 108 hours of game time playing a mini-game

10/10 would lose to Niflgaardian Empire Deck again

(in the books, Geralt is the brokest mf ever to exist; can't even afford food on a daily basis

in the game, Geralt can buy a whole ass country, you and your mom, he'll still have some crowns left)
 

Ayylien
357 products in account
0
101 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
206.9 hrs on record
Posted: October 3, 2021
the only bad thing about this game is when it ends.
no other game imo can surpass what CD made ,the story ,gameplay , sound track , the voice acting... everything in this game is excellent even the expansions and dlcs feels like a 3A game
on top of that the game is fully modable (you should grab some nice mods from nexus to make your life a bit easier )
you can grab everything for 12$ on sale but even at full price i recommend it
9/10
 

RipperG
1,485 products in account
0
141 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.6 hrs on record
Posted: July 20, 2017
The Witcher 3... Damn what a game.

In The Witcher 3, you follow the amazing story of Geralt of Rivia. The story takes quite some time to complete, around 40-50 hours for the main story only. Keep in mind the story can be a bit unclear at times, especially if you haven't played previous games but the further you get the better you will understand everything. People who did play previous games have the option to import their save files which will changes some small things in this part. Next to the well written story, there's a ton of sidequest. And this is where the game really shines. As i said before the main story is fantastic, it's well written, has interesting characters, choices you have to make that actually change the rest of the story and world and even some emotional parts. But the sidequests are where the game shines even more, especially if you compare it to normal RPG's. Sidequests have a lot of depth and instead of doing some random chores for people, you actually get involved in new story's which eventually lead to even more quest. Sidequests also have top quality cinematics.

There's a lot of small activities as well. Discovering the world, taking part in races, fighting in brawls, treasure hunting underwater, crafting and a lot more. One of these side-activities called: gwent, deserves some extra attention. Gwent is a minigame in The Witcher 3, it's a card game and throughout the world you can collect and win cards to upgrade your deck. Gwent on itself is so big you could spend hours upon hours playing it. No surprise CD Projekt Red decided to bring out a stand-alone of it.

Let's talk a bit about the performance of the game, cause the game runs really well. There are some small bugs like in every big RPG, but overall the game runs fantastic. Even on older systems, set on LOW the game runs and looks great.

Combat is a bit of a grey area in The Witcher 3 when it comes to reviews. Some people say it's to easy and boring, and some say it's fine. If you ask me, the combat is okay. It could be improved for sure, but with higher level enemy's it's more than just spamming your mouse, you need to dodge, block and use some spells. One other thing i just have to point out is: How much I really appreciate the choices CD Projekt Red made regarding adult content. The Witcher 3 has no fear of showing some brutal moments, sex scenes and all of that stuff.While not afraid of showing these things, luckily the game doesn't over use them.

One thing you can't overlook are the graphics. Damn this game looks amazing and perfect for testing what your PC can handle. If it can actually handle the game on ultra settings, than you're going to be blown away. Often i just stood there, appreciating how gorgeous The Witcher 3 looks. The game is even better for screenshot lovers as almost every location looks breathtaking. This combined with an absolutely amazing soundtrack makes running through the living world of The Witcher 3 a true original experience. The world feels alive, has a dynamic weather system, a day and night cycle and changes based on your opinions.

Now, is The Witcher 3 absolutely flawless? No, it's not. No game is perfect, but The Witcher 3 comes as close as it can get. A few flaws however are small things like: Horse movement being hard to control at times, some missions are unclear about what to do now or where to find something and the economy could be improved since you end up with significantly more money than anyone around you.

All together, there is no doubting here, just buy the game and you're going to love it for sure. It's an amazing game with beautiful graphics, a well written story, a living world and very few flaws. This is easily one of the best games i have ever played.
 

Colonel Patrick Sanders
756 products in account
21
168 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
359.7 hrs on record
Posted: September 29, 2019
The best game I've ever played.
 

.ᗰĪĿĿŔ🖤Ҡ.
145 products in account
7
108 people found this review helpful
121 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
70.1 hrs on record
Posted: December 10, 2018
This game almost ruined my first semester of college.

I Don't regret it.
 

SUPREME CHAMPION
218 products in account
0
135 people found this review helpful
157 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
203.6 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2019
when you're sober The Witcher 3 is a great game to play.
when you're stoned The Witcher 3 is an exciting life to live.
 

Veemo
349 products in account
0
195 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
212.9 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2015
The third installment of the witcher series is by no means perfect, but comes very close to it

Pros:

-Very detailed and huge open world that is divided into 4 regions.

-Interesting story based on award winning books

-Thought provoking and engaging quests which can be done in different ways

-Game is pretty long, takes about 100 hours to complete both main and side missions

-Even with the downgrade, the graphics are still very good

-Lots of hours of fun gameplay with improved combat from witcher 2

-Lots of customization

-No paid mini DLC a la ubisoft/ EA and microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥

-No Fetch quests and filler content

Cons:

-A few bugs here and there, nothing game breaking, a few crashes when opening inventory

-Optimization isn't the best, even the GTX Titan X cannot run the game at above 60 fps with everything on max(and hairworks)

- Keyboard and mouse controlls are a bit clunky

-Graphics were downgraded from e3 2013 and e3 2014, (just go look at the trailers of gameplay videos), it wouldn't be a huge issue if the company/devs didnt straight out deny it ever happened to get more sales, pretty anti-consumer.)


Thats all i can think of the top of my head, overall my personal rating would be 9/10, big improvement from both witcher 1 and 2 (also great games)
 

White Wolf
279 products in account
6
267 people found this review helpful
19 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
177.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 16, 2017
I don't think there's anything more to add that those 97% positive of 97,375 reviews haven't..
 

Lost
565 products in account
2
93 people found this review helpful
80 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
126.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 23, 2020
Damn you're ugly.
 

EightTrack8
158 products in account
0
180 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
152.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2019
This game is absolutely the greatest masterpiece made by mankind.
 

Theeye
119 products in account
0
97 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
159.7 hrs on record
Posted: July 3, 2015
I just finished Witcher 3 after more then a hundred hours, and I can finally talk about an overall opinion of the game! There are zero spoilers in this review.

I think that the game is an incredible achievement for CD PROJEKT RED and the European gaming industry. From a $67 million budget they made an RPG with content and quality that is up there (in my opinion) with the best titles of this genre.

For comparison Skyrim was done from an estimated $80 million budget and Dragon Age Inquisition shipped from est. $150-200 million. They are all different games so I don't want to ♥♥♥♥ around and say which one is better, but I think it's very fair to say Witcher 3 holds up and actually improves upon many aspects of these games while being developed from much less money and by a significantly smaller team.

Strengths:

Story & Setting
Simply incredible how detailed and lengthy the story goes. They must have put a ton of effort into the story boards and scripts because it really showed. It has content enough to fill a several seasons long TV series! Both main quests, secondary quests, witcher contracts are done very well, the dialogue is clever, the options and different approaches yield interesting results. The game is not afraid to explore mature content, and some of the quests feature pretty heavy, grim and dark elements. I'm very satisfied with the conclusion I've got which is exactly how I wanted it to end.

Characters & Voice Acting
Doug Cockle returns from previous Witcher games to portray Geralt. He must have had hundreds of hours worth of dialogue and I think he has done an excellent job. Charles Dance (Tywin Lannister) totally 'ruled' as emperor Emhyr var Emries. The ladies Jo Wyatt (Ciri), Jaimi Barbakoff (Triss) and Denise Gough (Yennefer) did very well to bring these complex female characters to life. Steven Hartley (Eredin) was menacing as ♥♥♥♥. All the supporting actors were likable and delivered. The emotional scenes were buyable for the most part which is not easy in a video game. The characters had depth, realistic motivations, and in general great design. I think there was nothing missing in this area.

Graphics, Environments, Overall Visual Aspect
Simply stunning. It's the best looking RPG I have played and the places I got to visit especially later in the game made my jaw drop left and right. Skellige was my favorite, but you also get to go to a few surprising and totally epic environments during the main quest that you cannot visit otherwise. The armors and weapons in the game sell this medieval fantasy world very well, they are realistic and practical unlike what we see in most fantasy games. The creatures are varied, there are flying, floating, swimming enemies (some even do a combination like fly and swim) and their designs are excellent.

Weaknesses / Should be Improved:

Movement and Controls
If I would have to pick the worst of this package it's definitely the movement and interaction for me. Geralt handles like a freaking spaceship or a racing car. Not only that he gets stuck around everything, you have to manually jump over small boxes instead of the Witcher using common sense to lift his feet 10 cm higher. The horse is even worse... the double tap mechanism to sprint is complete aids, and likewise the horse gets stuck everywhere. Jumping in general is weird and you connect to surfaces in awkward ways. Falling from 2-3 meters high causes INSTANT death which will frustrate you greatly. Looting a simple box can be annoying as hell as Geralt is unable to target directly under his feet. Like many console aids games that came before Witcher 3, you can only loot things directly in front of you from a certain minimum and maximum range. They felt to include a mechanism to lit candles and other light sources with the same button that you would use to loot items... imagine what happens when you have a candle near a small box that can be looted. This is the area where you can really feel the missing polish, and that they focused on other areas of the game. It's a shame because movement animations are otherwise beautiful and done by expert motion capture artists.

Combat System & Combat Design
It's sad that this needs to be mentioned under the weaknesses. I would like to point out that Witcher 3 is still an improvement when compared to Witcher 1 & 2, but the combat is average at best. The fighting style of Geralt is very cinematic and the motion capture animation are beautiful, but there is just no substance to it on a gameplay level. It's not very responsive and it's too random for player skill to consistently triumph in challenging situations. Most monsters have a limited move set and often shared between similar species. Boss battles are largely forgettable from a game design perspective. CD PROJEKT RED clearly needs to improve in this area, but they are better every time from what I've seen.

Leveling System & Skill Trees & Loot
I can't help but feel that this game would have been much better if it had some sort of a scaling game world at least when it comes to quest objectives. Quests are often red (10 levels higher) to you in the beginning, and then later you have a large pool of gray quests which are not worth doing. In the story and game world perspective it does not make sense either to have a High Vampire or Royal Wyvern that is a complete pushover because it is 5-10 levels weaker then you. I was literally killing some of the Draconids in one hit on later levels. It's also strange when you are handed a legendary viking sword that was forged from the finest steel and in dragon fire only to notice your mediocre crafted weapon outperforms it by a mile. Some enemies and some items should have scaled with Geralt and quests should never become gray in a single player game of this type.

Conclusion:

I really loved some parts of Witcher 3 and I really hated others. Overall I can describe it as a masterpiece that is very rough around the edges. I've added it to my favorites because the story took me on a memorable journey with breath taking environments and epic battles. The saga of White Wolf Geralt was done justice! I can easily recommend buying this game for RPG fans if it's on a decent sale or if some kind of 'Game of the Year' polished version sees the light of day.
 

Brevi
192 products in account
4
107 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 150

Recommended
324.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2020
The Witcher III: The Wild Hunt is one of the very few games that thoroughly fulfilled all of my sky high expectations and that's probably an understatement since they were more like outer space high. Intro of the game is breathtaking, showcasing the life-like graphics with an amazing mountain view, clouds & trees taken out of a painting yet made 3D for your viewing pleasure, which still hold up to this day as one of the best looking. After being done with the long intro albeit strong & well penned to introduce you into Witcher as a new player or to welcome you back as a veteran, you're thrown into a huge new world that you couldn't experience before in previous titles. All of the characters you'll interact with will have outstanding voice acting befitting medieval times Geralt himself being the highlight obviously, lots of dialogue options that are well conveyed to augment the RPG sense. You'll realize long term the time sink that's one of the highest quality ever put on gaming market, at least personally I loved to take my time with exploring every nook and cranny while my enthusiasm was maintained never once having an ounce of monotony; my first blind playthrough clocked at 320 hours for >99% completion, yes that's right, three hundred - there are over 400 quests & discoveries in total meaning you will always have something to work on. The quality of side quests is arguably on par and sometimes surpassing main quest line, from funny & hilarious sequences to morale impairing situations which goes as far as deciding the life of corrupt nobles and innocent peasants alike. That doesn't mean or cause the main story to be more disappointing, it's still at very the top of RPGs I've played; it's extremely enhanced by the main characters in my opinion. Remember, choices do matter a lot so be vigilant with your decisions.

Your ear dreams will be fully delighted to experience the whole of Witcher 3's masterpiece OST, background cues & the battle music boosting the adrenaline levels making you hyped up even against most basic enemies. Swords clashing, maces striking tough armor, magic being cast sound like you would expect from highest budget movies. Never would I have thought folklore music can have such an impact, the polish band behind those songs is simply put epic. Combat is deep enough and solid, routed with the player needing to time dodging enemy attacks, managing magic signs to defend yourself or raise your attack power; however do not expect the most complex mechanics ever created, but compared to previous 2 titles in the series they're optimized and polished to enjoy a smooth combat experience with high amount of skill trees. Armor and weapon design is diverse each looking unique whilst maintaining very high texture quality, you feel bad whenever you have to discard your inventory for stronger gear. Apparently it's not enough being such a rich game in every aspect of it, the replay value is also on top of the charts - for me it's my easiest replayable game, I wanted to get into my next journey through NG+ just the second after I've concluded everything, no other title has managed that to me. Now let's talk about the DLCs which most consider Blood and Wine being a game of its own due to its sheer length, I agree and too mention Hearts of Stone's very immersive, alluring and fable-like tale: it made me feel more emotions than I'd admit as a pretty apathetic individual. Both DLCs separately contain two characters which are one of my favorite all time, and probably most players too that have gone through these marvelous pieces of work. World design is masterfully crafted to all represent their corresponding culture, theme and uniqueness. I haven't visited a place and felt any deja vu in all my exploration, this marks true dedication and hard work from the devs. The sceneries vary so much you'll never experience the same afternoon landscape twice, volumetric clouds & puzzling sun rays are awe inspiring each time you glance, I'll link my favorite screenshot at the end of this review. There's so much more to say about this masterpiece, it's best left for the player to experience it blindly.

[]
- breathtaking graphics & artwork
- story/lore rich with one of most well written characters
- masterpiece OST & sound design
- face animations truly make it life-like
- you'll not find something more immersive
- true RPG experience of its own league
- ...how about a round of gwent?

[]
- nothing worth mentioning


photorealism at its finest 
A Screenshot of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
By: Gorre
 

Gorre
527 products in account
9
124 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
58.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 18, 2020
Over 500 hours on Xbox base game, 500 hours on GOTY version, 600 hours on GoG base game , about 100 on the Nintendo Switch, 400 more hours on GoG GOTY version , and I just bought the GOTY version on Steam. Yes, it's THAT good.
 

DrGoose
381 products in account
3
116 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
139.5 hrs on record
Posted: February 5, 2017
Some of the already few "negative" reviews simply compare the game to skyrim or complain about Geralt's beard mechanics. At the end of the day, you have to ask yourself a few simple questions:

- Do I want a game where I care about the characters?
- Do I want a game where choices matter?
- Do I want a game with an optimized, fluid and variable combat system?
- Do I want a game that's graphically gorgeous?
- Do I want a game with beautiful women in it?
- Do I want a game made by a developer which has shown time and again that they care about their fans?
- Do I want a game with worthwhile DLC?
- Do I want a game with great side quests AND a fantastic main story?
- Do I want a game where I can behead medieval miscreants with a finely crafted steel sword?

If you answered yes to any or all of the above, I highly recommend this game.
 

MrSardineSorbet
427 products in account
0
123 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
281.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 2, 2018
Pros:
- I just completed the main story and most of secondary quests and witcher contracts and still have DLC contents to play after this. All I can say, this is masterpiece. One of the Best RPG game I ever played (November 2018 I started playing the DLC contents, Hearts of Stone & Blood and Wine)
- Huge open world to explore
- Great graphics. Visually stunning
- Great storyline
- Good gameplay mechanic
- Decent combat mechanic
- A lot of choices to make (like choices matter dialogue, etc)
- This game has a great contents and somewhat high replayability (for different consequences, choices to make, DLC's contents, different endings, etc)

Cons:
- You can't go to game menu or pause the game when the game in cutscenes mode. Almost large portion of the game storyline came from its cutscenes, it's unfortunate for those who want to take a phone call, had to pee, or any other multitasking, etc. You will misssed some of its story content

Overall I recommend this game
9/10
 

Captain Everdeen
644 products in account
1
51 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 6

Recommended
651.4 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2021
Now... before I say anything. I know what you are thinking. This guy played it for not even 10h? The ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with that guy?
Well the answer is pretty simple. I played the game offline.... and buy offline I mean without an internet connection... at all. That means that Steam didn't track my playtime. So, now that that is out of the way, onto the actual review.

https://i.imgur.com/vaPCGY0h.jpg

Many people say that no game is perfect... and I usually agree with that.... except when it comes to this game.
I have played this game for Hundreds of hours and I actually got all the achievements for it, so I am as close to 100% as you can get, and I think that I have seen everything this game has to offer.
The Story is the big one here. I won't talk about spoilers, so you can relax a little. I have read all the Witcher books, and this game captures the magic of them perfectly. This is fantasy, but without any of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that people dislike about fantasy. No Clichés, No corny Dialog, no World saving Plot.... ok no they kinda got that one in there... but it isn't about that. It's about the people you meet. Ciri, Gerald, Yen, Triss, Lambert, Gaunter O'Dimm, Regis, Dandelion... I could go on for hours they all are like real people with motives and believable emotions. In every line of dialogue you can feel the love and care they put into all of this, and there isn't a single bad quest in this game. Sure there are some quests that boil down to kill the monster or get the thing. But like 97% of all the quest have an interesting spin on things and actually affect the world around you with branching storylines and so on. I'd even go as far and say that there are no real villains in this story, sure there are you typical bad guys, but they all have motives that you can sympathize with. The writing is the star of the show here, it will make you laugh, it will make you cry but most importantly, it will make you CARE! They nailed everything about the story, and you will be glued to your screen for the whole ride.
The music in this game is something else. It fits the tone perfectly, and you will probably listen to it outside the game as well.... while you think about your Gwent addiction....
The beauty of this game can not be described, you simplay have to see it for youself and enjoy the artsyle and the landscapes.
The combat and the gameplay systems work really well all together, there is basically nothing more I can say about that. It doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it is unique enough to make the combat fun for hundreds of hours.


So that is it then.... we got everything covered... right?
Well... where other games would take you money and give a little reskin and call it a DLC this game gives you a whole new game. New Stories (that are put together with as much care as the rest of the game and finish the story up with a beautiful touch), new gameplay elements, new great music, a ton of great Sidequests, new gear, and a HUGE new Open World. What more could you ask for?
I actually don't know anything I could critique about this game... and that is kinda weird. I usually come out of a game and feel unhappy with something... but not here. I know it has become kind of a meme to say it... but this game is a Masterpiece. A 10 out of 10, the perfect game... what ever you want to call it. This is my favorite game of all time and I can only applaud CDPR for everything they did here. I know after Cyberpunk many people were upset, but if you look at this game alone.... I think they deserve a second chance... Hell as many chances as they want... as long as we get another game in this setting... maybe with Ciri as the protagonis... please? Pretty please!
So if you want your perception to change on what the best Game ever made is, and how you view games in gerneral get the Game of the Year edition and enjoy the ride.
Until then... Care for a round of Gwent?
 

P.T
315 products in account
2
103 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
88.2 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2021
good story
good gameplay
good progression
good characters
good graphics
good environments
good content
good game
 

stats
306 products in account
8
45 people found this review helpful 0

Recommended
161.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 24, 2016
sample textt
 

Desert Dan
512 products in account
0
62 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
103.6 hrs on record
Posted: May 12, 2021
The Witcher 3 is my favourite game of all time.

Context:
I first played TW2 loved it so much that I started from the beginning, played TW1, then TW2 again and got to TW3. I was already hooked on the world and characters and couldn't get enough.

The Witcher 3 does everything perfectly, the
+ World
+ Characters
+ Gameplay
+ Exploration
+ Music
+ Dialogue & choices
+ Atmosphere
+ Side quests*
+ DLC*

And although many of this, is because of the masterful mind of Andrzej Sapkowski and his work. Its not an easy feat to convey that into a video game and convey it this well. CDPR deserves all the praise they received and even after the recent situations regarding Cyberpunk, I truly do believe in them and believe they can flip this around.

*Side Quests -
EVERY SINGLE side quests is meaningful and has something to offer. None of that repetitive "go there, do this" bullsh*t. I enjoyed every single side quests (and there's a lot of those)

*DLC -
This is DLC done right. Heart of Stone and Blood of wine is so good that it could be an entire separate game. The last time I enjoyed a DLC this much was the two Burial At Sea DLC for BioShock Infinite. Please if you're going to buy the game, buy the Game Of The Year edition, its WELL WORTH the price.

Also I just wanna say the game looks amazing and all the tiny details in the game is praise worthy.

I'm so thankful for this game for introducing me to The Witcher universe, I'm so hooked that I recently started reading the novels the game is based on and its amazing.

THIS GAME MADE ME LIKE READING BOOKS, that's the highest praise I can give to any game.
 

R1CHU
187 products in account
4
147 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
236.1 hrs on record
Posted: February 18, 2017
I don't want to buy the last DLC because I want to stay under the delusion that this game never ends
 

siiliprinssi
65 products in account
8
102 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
95.6 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2019
Four years later and I still want to play this game, absolutely one of my favorite games of all time. Can't wait for Cyberpunk 2077 in April 2020! CDPR, you guys are amazing. Keep up the good work!
 

ocaoyy
243 products in account
0
74 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
297.3 hrs on record
Posted: April 6, 2019
The witcher has sat untouched in my library for more than 2 years. Should have play it sooner... what an idiot myself.
Never into rpg style games cause of the time needed to complete the game, but this... The Witcher has changed my mind. This has to be the best rpg game i've ever played.
 

Seve |
454 products in account
8
374 people found this review helpful
469 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
95.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 24, 2015
The cons of getting this game:
- Week's worth of lost wages from not showing up to work.
- Gaining 3 pounds from junk food to subsist during marathon play sessions
- Ire of friends for rejecting their social outing requests
- Muscle atrophy from ditching gym for a week.
-Dark circles under eyes
-

Pros:
-Getting to play this masterpiece.

10/10 would sacrifice again.
 

LazyAndy
287 products in account
4
347 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
48.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 2
Easily the best RPG of all time.
 

FreneticXO
75 products in account
0
193 people found this review helpful
81 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
96.1 hrs on record
Posted: June 27, 2017
Stop looking at reviews and just buy it already.
 

Kompis 1
99 products in account
2
187 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
45.2 hrs on record
Posted: July 17, 2019
My favorite game

There's no point in writing anything about this masterpiece. I'll just leave this positive review in favor of the game.
 

Rennesance
33 products in account
0
165 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
73.8 hrs on record
Posted: October 9, 2019
THE best RPG of all time.
I've never been a big fan of storydriven RPG games until W3.

I've laughed.
I've cried.
I've screamed.
I've been immersed like never before.

I can't wait until i replay it.

11/10

 

ᴡ ᴇ ʜ ᴢ ʏ 'ꜰᴛᴘ
671 products in account
0
104 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
304.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 20, 2018
Played through the game twice, first on Blood & Broken Bones! & then on Deathmarch in NG+. I completed the game on both playthroughs 100% & spend 300 hours having constantly fun.

I watched a playthrough of The Witcher 1 since its combat system was keeping me away from the game. The Witcher 2 was way better combat-wise. I had a lot of fun playing Witcher 2 (though I just played it once since I wanted to play Witcher 3 so badly - will play it again for 100% completion tho!).
First off I have to say that the game looks gorgeous! It is a really beautiful game and the world is designed really dynamic. The story is just amazing with all the consequences that your decisions have on the story. The characters are more than apealing and you really connect with them. They really did an amazing job with this game. Even a lot of side quests have interesting dialogue and a lot of easter eggs had me giggling. I don't want to spoil anything, so I just say one thing to describe the story: GORGEOUS.
The two Story-DLC's are well done. I really liked the Hearts of Stone DLC and I really really loved the Blood & Wine DLC especially since it gives you a really neat ending which was foreshadowed in the main game. All I can say is: That is how you do a story DLC! Not to mention all the free DLC's that you can get.

The combat system is really fun and has a certain depth to it. In the beginning I played it like an ordinary game, just spamming sword attacks until I realized that combat using signs is even better and more rewarding. It is so fun freezing a large enemy group with Aard, setting them ablaze immediately after and whirling around your extended sword.
Most of the times the boss fights are really nicely done. Sure .. some other games have better designed boss fights but still Witcher 3 does them very well. There may be some clunky elements in there but overall it is alot of fun. I kinda wish that there was still something to do after you finished everything - like some sort of area reset mode or something since all I want is to spend more time ingame with my already tuned Geralt instead of starting over but that's just me - and no I don't want to use mods.

Unfortunately the game has some bugs that are sometimes funny and sometimes annoying. Another thing that i noticed is that most vendors don't reset their inventory, so after cleaning my inventory for the x-th time the shop/game begins to lag a bit which is kinda annoying.

To come to a conclusion I gotta say: The Witcher 3 is one of the best games that I have played & I enjoyed every last bit of it.

Still unsure? -> JUST BUY IT DAMNIT.
 

Muca94
55 products in account
7
168 people found this review helpful
70 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
158.9 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2017
Hey gamers out there,

1) Have you ever wished having a hot girlfriend ?
2) Have you ever thought about learning how to use swords ?
3) Have you ever wished of fighting monsters, and chopping their head for bounty ?
4) Have you ever wanted to own a mansion, your own vineyard, and a place to chill ?
5) Are you a fan of Harry Potter, and wanted to learn magic ?
6) Do you enjoy jungle trekking, swimming, meditating, but can't do it cause you live in the city ?
7) Do you enjoy crying and being sad ?

Fear Not !
The Witcher 3 Is here.
1) When you enter the game, it gives you a girlfriend. She is sexy, but no worries, you can change if it's not your taste.
2) When you start the tutorial, it teaches you how to use a sword, and heck, even more, how to use bombs and potions
3) Wander in the free to roam world and kill every monster you see. But always do a quicksave before fighting, just in case you get killed.
4) For this part, purchase the DLC Blood And Wine. It's like another game actually, really long story, and you get a mansion for free !
5) Igni,Aard,Axii,Yrden, And Quen. These spells make you a better Harry Potter, and even better, you don't need a wand. You use bare hands to cast magic. This increases the amount of women wanting to share a bed with you.
6) Just do it anytime ! Nothing is holding you back, the vast world is yours ! I bet you can't finish the whole map within 25 hours.
7) Just wait. When the game ends, it's heartbreaking. It's so sad I lost a part of me when I finished it. It's like your life has ended.

My rating ?
11/10
It's better than real life. Believe me.
 

ダークホース
76 products in account
7
251 people found this review helpful
56 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
131.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 16
Average Witcher Player

⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤


In all Seriousness one of the best RPG games ever and glad I played the other games first.
 

Woody
119 products in account
0
108 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 20

Recommended
344.5 hrs on record
Posted: October 4, 2020
The absolute perfection by all means, I didn't get the chance to actually give this game a real go and play it when it came out because I had a weaker PC to run on stable performance, so I did now and I must say I'm blown by everything this game throws at me, I truly understand why people are all hyped for Cyberpunk 2077 now, it simply has everything I wished to see and even more.

By all means everyone need to play this game and give it a real go, try to progress and you will find yourself want to know more and more about it.

A simple masterpiece. Took me 125 hour to finish only the main story, I simply enjoyed every moment of it to the last.
 

Leathium
627 products in account
0
82 people found this review helpful
32 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
177.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 2, 2019
Extremly good game!

+Amazing story
+Good combat
+Great side-quest
+Awesome DLC
+Very good music

-Geralt can't take a 2cm fall

Put 130+ hours in this game the last 2 weeks.

WORTH A BUY!
 

Isakbanton
214 products in account
4
116 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
241.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 26, 2015
Respected and renowned film critic Roger Ebert famously said: "Video games can never be art. To my knowledge, no one in or out of the field has ever been able to cite a game worthy of comparison with the great dramatists, poets, filmmakers, novelists and composers."

It's a shame he didn't live to see this game.
 

Fablewynd
130 products in account
0
88 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
132.7 hrs on record
Posted: January 18, 2019
beautiful and lovely,i won't forget this game,not this story,i will remember this game as a good game that have made with love,not the greed of money.
 

Rattle
90 products in account
7
91 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
213.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2020
wind's howling
 

morduin
50 products in account
0
69 people found this review helpful
57 people found this review funny 10

Recommended
77.4 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2020
got their arses whipped like a novigrad wh*re 👌
 

Pizza <3
39 products in account
4
240 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
462.7 hrs on record
Posted: October 20, 2017
The definition of RPG
 

Diskvatten
349 products in account
7
173 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
310.3 hrs on record
Posted: August 18, 2017
"I carry two swords, One of silvers for creatures that roam the wild. One of steel for humans in their cities of stone. Both are for MONSTERS"
 

wubwub
391 products in account
1
946 people found this review helpful
3,095 people found this review funny 5

Recommended
212.3 hrs on record
Posted: June 12, 2015
It's strange how the main game, Gwent, is hidden in some kind of wierd story-driven RPG.
The RPG is okay too I guess.
 

rpaxa.
367 products in account
4
202 people found this review helpful
67 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
398.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 15, 2019
Not much to say.
For this game give me an:
M for marvelous
A for astounding
S for stimulating
T for thrilling
E for elegant
R for Roach
P for pretty
I for Intelligent
E for excellent
C for charming
E for emotional
 

Vani3D // LupGaru
86 products in account
7
95 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
106.4 hrs on record
Posted: December 3, 2018
A friend of mine forced me to buy this game because ''it's a master piece''. At first i didnt believe him, the 3rd person view kinda scared me off. But the game was in a sale a long time ago for only 15 bucks so i thought why not. When i first started the game i didnt understand what was going on, i never played or read any witcher game/book. So after about 15 hours into it i got distracted with other games and stopped playing it for a couple of months. Once i had alot of free time and i was kinda bored so i thought why not play the witcher 3 again? and boy do i not regret that day at all. the game suddenly got to me i couldnt stop playing for hours, so much emotions i got from this game, it isnt normal. The music is just so beautiful and the side quest are so good. Then when i finished the main story i felt empty, luckily i had 2 DLC's in front of me waiting, so i bought them as quick as i could. The hearts of stone DLC is pretty good, about 5-10 hours of gameplay and an interesting story. But the Witcher 3 blood and wine DLC is like a whole game, 20-25 hours of gameplay, i won't spoil it but that ending of the DLC really got to me. I still can't stop thinking of it. So do i recommend this game? YES, normally i always say wait for a sale with every game but this one is different, it's worth every penny you pay. To this day i thank my friend for forcing me to buy this master piece. 10/10.
 

Echo
262 products in account
4
104 people found this review helpful
52 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
287.5 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2016
Firstly you're just discovering question marks, doing scavenger hunts, contracts, secondary quests so you could play a little more before it ends. Then you're playing gwent, even though you completed the quests. And you're still playing gwent. After that, you're going somewhere where you can find and slay drowners, grave hags, wraiths, werewolves. For what? To play more. Did I say you're playing gwent before? Oh yeah, I did. And now you bow to the inevitable: Completing the main quests. What you do becomes a loop and continues in every map, White Orchard, Velen & Novigrad, Skellige. Also it continues while you're playing expansion packs, HoS and BaW. But in the end, the game ends. It's shocking but yes, it ends. And mine is over now. White Wolf's story is over and I don't know what to do now. I feel like I've been broken up with -which I don't even have a girlfriend. By now you must have realized that it's NOT just a simple game. It is something more. It's a masterpiece. Then wtf are you waiting for? GO UP AND BUY! Me? No I'm not crying, just there is something in my eyes.
 

Elusive
202 products in account
6
86 people found this review helpful
7 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
287.5 hrs on record
Posted: August 22, 2019
i think this review is useless, because everyone know the game witcher, but i like to write reviews. Also this is my first review in english.

THE MOST WONDERFUL THING IN THIS GAME IS
GWENT.
If you never played gwent before, just play, really. This mini-game have a game in gog.
I´ve been playing gwent i real life, they sell two decks with a dlc Blood and Wine.

Story
After the books end, the game start, but you don´t need to play the first games, or read the books before W3, though you going to lost something, like knowing characters, and some point in the story before W3. The game is focus on storyline, also is tell by books and notes you can find around the map, telling things happen before W3. All the main characters are based on the books, their appearance was change in some case, like Triss Merigold, she isn´t that pretty on the books, some names also was changed, like Jaskier is Dandelion. The characters are unique and some make you laugh.
The main story is cliche, you can already know the plot, but is good anyway.
The game have a lot of options and ends, but i never dare to make a worst end - if you do, you don`t have a heart, any feelings, anything, just a hole in your chest.

DLC
there are two DLC`s in game, hearts of stone and blood and wine.
Hearts of stone is some kind of terror, and take around 20hr to beat.
The blood and wine - my favorite - is a vampire plot, with a new map, characters, armors... Kind a new game in this DLC.

Secondary Quests
Has the secondary quests and the contracts of monsters.
The contracts is find in note boards in villages and citys. People contract Geralt to slay monsters, duh, but almost all contracts have a plot, the´re good.
The secondary quests are specific. You going to get this quests after met some character in the main story, or around the map. The plot is better, with some characters have a romance with T-I-T-S in the final.

Gameplay
this can be frustrating and make you broke something. Walking or running are normal, but sometimes when you need to be more accurate you can´t, because he are fast and hard to control with accurate. While diving in the game, is the second worst thing in the game, doens´t have any accurate in closed spaces, like a drown ship - if you want to turn a little, he`ll turn all. - and while diving, will have some enemys, like drowners and sirens, just shot with the crossbow.
Now the worst thing in the game: Roach - Dude, i hate that horse. That ♥♥♥♥ ALWAYS going to stuck in some invisible place. When running with the horse, sometimes he just stop run. The control is horrible and don´t have any accurate.

Map
Is the most HUGE things in the game, can be awsome to explore the map, cause have a lot of things to do, like destory nests, camp of bandits, treasures and hiden treasures, some kind of dungeons of mages.

Armor/Sets
in the universe of witcher, have school of witchers, Geralt is from the school of Wolf.
And the other schools are Bear, Viper, Cat, Manticore and Griffin. Every schools is unique and have a lore behind.
Every witcher school have a unique armor with improvements,silver and steel swords and a crowsbow. The sets are beautiful.
Also have sets from the armies like nilfgaard, Temeria and Skellige, though they aren´t that pretty.

Soundtrack
AWSOME, don´t have any words to described this wonderful thing
 

Emanuel
245 products in account
2
132 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
2,640.6 hrs on record
Posted: December 29, 2016
Great game, Beautiful story, Highly Recommended. One of the best games in a very long time. More developers need to take notes from CD Projekt RED.
 

SteveHybrid
810 products in account
2
44 people found this review helpful 56

Recommended
201.5 hrs on record
Posted: May 4
我的鸡儿在震动，附近一定有女巫。
3A大作中可以排进前10的顶级作品，使用的UBI的开放世界模式，但是走出了独自的特色，游戏主线略微单薄，但是游戏内各个区域可互动性很强，昆特牌也能带来很大乐趣，地图里许多可探索地点有着自己的故事，给玩家带来了探索后有着前所未有的充实感。
陶森特公国真实一片仙境，建议玩家先玩石之心DLC，再去进入血与酒DLC。
 

Ginger CAT
232 products in account
0
118 people found this review helpful
37 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
164.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 27, 2018
---{Graphics}---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just don‘t

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☐ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Human

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press ‚A‘
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovley
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

The literal best game i have ever played. Just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy it.
 

S T E W A R T
245 products in account
0
155 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
53.5 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2015
A masterpiece that has set a new standard for the industry // Recommended for absolutely everyone, but especially RPG veterans

Steam Review Showcase:

YouTube™ Video:  
Views: 0


+ Visuals are unbelievable; everything appears unique, well-designed, and is absolutely jaw-dropping in detail and overall presentation
+ Engine runs very well, even on AMD machines; overall, the game feels extremely optimized
+ Written dialog and voice-acting ranks among the best in the industry, bar none
+ Combat is responsive, fluid and quite cinematic; takes everything Witcher 2 did, and greatly improves on it
+ The auto-pathing feature (hold SHIFT on horseback to auto-path to the selected objective) is a QoL feature that further demonstrates the attention to detail pervasive in every facet of the game
+ NPCs match one's pace when moving along during escort/follow missions, and generally have much improved behavior compared to Witcher 2
+ Sound effects are mesmerizing, particularly when using the "Witcher's Senses;" the overall quality and range of the sound design is absolutely superb
+ Weather effects are uniquely immersive and realistic
+ Every character, even minor supporting characters, are interesting; the player will certainly become intensely invested in virtually the entire (expansive) cast
+ Between alternate endings, the vast amount of potential conclusions to the myriad character arcs, and the sheer quantity and quality of content available, the game has absolutely astonishing replay value
+ Lore is rich and is all readily accessible in-game; this includes character bios, lore-friendly books, and nearly endless interesting items and locations scattered off the beaten path
+ The quality of the quests, even minor side-quests, all measure up to the highest standard; many of the side-quests rival the main narrative in emotional impact and overall depth
+ Animations feel organic and realistic
+ Pacing is managed expertly throughout; the game never feels grindy or linear, and never feels as though it's being so content heavy that the player cannot find time to relax and enjoy more casual activities within the game's world
+ The world is absolutely brimming with activities and locations to discover
+ This game has the most picturesque and realistic terrain design that I've every witnessed
+ Witcher contracts often require elaborate preparations to prove successful; this does a fantastic job of showcasing the various approaches to combat, such as potions, oils, and a well-developed skill-tree
+ Enemy mob variation is impressive, boasting intricate and creative designs
+ Levelling system is well-rounded, easy to use, and very open to customization
+ Gwent is a game in and of itself, and is nearly as addicting as anything else included in the title
+ Crafting system is superb and, true to immersion, weapons and armor must be physically contracted to smiths for crafting
+ The game boasts consistent content updates and developer support
+ A nearly flawless level of immersion at every level
+ Minute choices in dialog or action often have earth-shattering implications; choices matter, virtually every one, to some degree

- Movement can be awkward in tight corners, either on foot or while on horseback
- The game has glitches aplenty, though they are constantly being patched out; this will certainly become less a problem as time rolls on
- Roach (Geralt's horse) suffers some unfortunate pathing and AI behavior flaws; summoning him, also, often spawns him in inaccessible locations

LockeProposal's Big Day Out

Community Group
Curator Page
Serious Steam Reviews subReddit
 

LockeProposal
17
486 people found this review helpful
1,243 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
60.1 hrs on record
Posted: September 23, 2016
Very good and addicting card game 10/10.

It has very nice minigame called The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
 

M4tos4s
154 products in account
12
345 people found this review helpful
45 people found this review funny 32

Recommended
0.9 hrs on record
Posted: April 26, 2021
Product received for free

⢸⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠖⠒⠒⠒⢤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⣀⢤⣼⣀⡠⠤⠤⠼⠤⡄⠀⠀.⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠑⡤⠤⡒⠒⠒⡊⠙⡏⠀⢀⠀.⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠇⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⢀⠧⠟⠁⠀. ⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠸⣀⠀⠀⠈⢉⠟⠓⠀⠀⠀⠀.⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢱⡖⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀.⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⢺⠧⢄⣀⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⣠⠃⢸⠀⠀⠈⠉⡽⠿⠯⡆. ⡇
⢸⠀⠀⣰⠁⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠀⠀ ⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠣⠀⠀⢸⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⢇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡌⠀⠈⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠃⠀⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡇
⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠷⠀Are you going to see Ciri SON?
Short version: If you don't own the game, what are you doing with your life? Cancel Netflix and buy this!
Please uprate this review, so people know it is serious!
Once the game is over you wish you could re-play it again for the first time. I remember when Skyrim was over I wanted to replay it again and again for the first time.

Advice about buying the game!
-Make sure you buy the Game of the Year Edition with all the DLCS!
If you are not sure about your computer's ability to handle the game, you can post your computer specs on steam forums. Please note that Steam does allow refund of 14 days as long as the game has been played less than 2 hours.
-Game of the Year edition offers probably hundreds of hours of content for such a cheap price that no entertainment can even come close to this!
Thank you CD Projekt Red.
10/10

Long Version:
The question is: Who do you prefer Yennifer or Triss?
My answer: neither! I prefer blondes!!!! Ciri where you at?
Just a joke during COVID-19 pandemic haha

Imagine you come home during a pandemic where everywhere in Canada is under lock down (this includes Stores, Gyms and schools)
You can no longer see your friends and have to spend time in isolation.
You realize that things have gotten boring. You study all the day or work and do the same thing over and over again. You get tired of all the Netflix movies and think that gaming cannot offer anything exciting at all. You ponder when will Bethesda will release the next elder scroll? Enter Witcher 3 a game that rivals Skyrim and offers excitement during a season of COVID-19 pandemic and isolation.
Well one that does not have to image as life has gotten sad during COVID-19.
After studying for many hours or working for many hours, you reward your myself with one of the best RPG games.
Seriously, I could not wait till end of the day to bust open Wicther 3 and Ignore my bosses calls at 8PM.

What is awesome about the game
-The ladies of course!
-Graphics are better than the "vanilla Skyrim"! Remember the dull Grey?
-The love scenes haha
-Tons of explorations. Do you want to rush the story or do side quests
-Honestly, Skyrim made me so excited when it came out. There were so many places to explore. Witcher 3 has re-ignited that passion for gaming again!
-You know that saying "take the time to smell the roses?" I would say take the time to explore Witcher 3
 

Adam Jensen 007
2,085 products in account
175
202 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
94.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 26, 2018
Final score: 9,5 ⧸ 10

┍━━━━━━━━┭━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
⠀⠀⠀💻 Graphics⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 9/10
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ needs high-end PC
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ should work smoothly on
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀medium-end PC
┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
⠀⠀⠀⠀🕑 Length⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ ~130-160h (DLC included)
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀to complete storyline and quests
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀(more if you want to uncover all map)
┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
⠀⠀⠀💀 Difficulty⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 6/10
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ improved combat system from
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀The Witcher 2
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ hiting, dodging and spamming
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀signs may get dull after some time
┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀✒ Story⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 9/10
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ rich and vast lore
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ long and interesting main story
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ plenty of side quests
┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
⠀⠀⠀♫ Soundtrack⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 10/10
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ masterpiece
┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
⠀⠀☢ Optimisation⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 9/10
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Bugs⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ minor non-breaking
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀game bugs
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ some bugs may require
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀reverting progress to the last save
┕━━━━━━━━┶━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┛
Note:
* this game offers 2 DLCs that are better than many standalone productions


Worth buying FULL PRICE

One of the best RPG games ever released. Incredible graphically, immersive aurally, with one of the most attention-worthy characters and engaging story. Side quest and monster hunts are on the pair with main narrative, which takes place on a very large world map and with lore-friendly locations. It has its flaws- the ending may be a little disappointing, combat system may appear as an evade-hit-evade for most of the time while ocassionally casting signs (spells) and Roach (Geralt's horse) very often lives her own life (with an emphasis on a word very)... But overall it's worth every penny!

Link to prove I have 300+ hours on GOG:
https://imgur.com/a/IVrzI
 

_Synth
233 products in account
20
119 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 11

Recommended
67.0 hrs on record
Posted: July 11, 2020
~ Difficulty ~

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
🔲 Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 Dark Souls
☑️ Depends on you!

~ GRAPHICS ~

🔲 MS Paint
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
☑️ Masterpiece

~ MUSIC ~

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
🔲 Beautiful
☑️ Eargasm

~ PRICE ~

🔲 Free
🔲 Underpriced
☑️ Perfect Price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

~ REQUIREMENTS ~

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 NASA computer

~ LENGTH ~

🔲 Very Short (0 - 3 hours)
🔲 Short (3 - 15 hours)
🔲 Average (15-50 hours)
🔲 Long (50-90 hours)
🔲 Extremely long (90-110 hours)
☑️ CD PROJEKT RED's games (More than 500hr)
🔲 No ending

~ FUN ~

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
☑️ Ride of your life

~ REPLAYABILITY~

🔲 It's a one-time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months/years
🔲 Definitely
☑️ Infinitely replayable

~ WORTH BUYING ~

🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Yes

~ Story mode ~

🔲 Did it even have one?!
🔲 Not bad
🔲 Good
🔲 Nice
☑️ Awesome and perfect

~ Conclusion ~

You know what? This game is GOD! Haven't played this yet? Shame on you!!! Buy it now!
Because you're going to face to BEST GAME THAT EVER MADE!!!!!
Thank you CD PROJEKT RED for this masterpiece!
 

› Ali Salar™
742 products in account
2
157 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
242.6 hrs on record
Posted: June 23, 2015
I'll start with saying that this is the Best game I have ever played.

This game is a master-piece, it should become a benchmark for all games,
The amount of love poured to this game is just amazing, you can feel it while playing, hell, even by watching the trailers,
From the small little details they've done, like Geralt beard that grows over time to the amazing landscapes and the just epic soundtrack.
CDPR went all out in every aspect and they should get all of the respect!

The graphics of this games is perfect and I think the best looking game atm, and it's not just the looks, the atmosphere is just amazing, I have no words,
Some areas in the game are just so detailed and crafted, it's just Art at it's finest.

The gameplay itself is just so fun! I loved every second of playing it,
I have to say though, when you play it, play on the Death March! difficulty (hardest), why? because you need to play it like they intended, to get ready before the fight, taking potions, load specific bombs and apply oils, be more tactical when fighting the monsters.

The variety of the monsters is great, and every battle feels different, making you adjusting to each monster differently,
use different tactics on Wraiths for example, like placing a trap while fighting them because if you won't, you barely scratch them when attacking,
or calming an Alghoul before smacking him up because when he isn't calm, he got spike shield and every time you hit him, you get hit back and you will die very quickly,
and these are just 2 examples out of many more monsters,
and another thing i found very sweet is that the same monster looks differently when they're at a higher level or at a different place in the world, like a Fouglet for example, in the swamps he looks pretty plain, but if you go to the Skellige Islands, they look really different, wearing horns, this is just a small example of the love and small detail crafting that went into this game.

The quests and story, I don't think that there is any other game with the amount of depth that's in this game,
even the side-quests are so complex and deep that they feel like their a main quest,
the amazing animations, cutscenes and dialogs are made to prefection, allowing you to live it and feel so in the game as if it was a movie.
There are 3 major ending and around 32 minor ending to specific characters and how the world changes, this just gives you an example on how rich and complex the story is.

I can go on and on and keep on praising the game, but I think you get my point.

TL:DR, Buy this game, even at full price it's worth it, this game is master-piece.
 

Lynx
5,196 products in account
2
52 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 4

Recommended
486.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 15, 2020
Breathtaking beauty

The moment Geralt on his horse enters the fairytale fortress Oxenfurt, our breath catches. The vast nature that rests against this gigantic castle, the beautiful statues that watch over the city, the Dutch windmills that catch the eye from afar: these are all details that will take your breath away. The Witcher will swallow you up after a few seconds thanks to the breathtaking beauty that resides in the game world.

Torn world

The grand story of Geralt of Rivia, renowned (and infamous) Witcher by profession, culminates in the now eight-year-old trilogy. In a war-torn world, the sulky monster hunter is engaged in a fierce battle with The Wild Hunt, an evil and above all mysterious group of demons who wants to hide the world in darkness. That's not all: in the meantime, there is a devastating battle between Nilfgaard and the Northern Kingdoms and Geralt has to deal with his demons.

The Witcher 3 more or less picks up where the second part ended and that means that many familiar faces return. The sorceress Triss Merigold, enamored with Geralt, and the extravagant poet Dandelion shine again in their presence. They are accompanied by a colorful mix of new, absurd characters, who come to life more than ever because of the new techniques.

Meaningful choices

The Witcher 3 includes hours of highly written dialogues that have been uttered fantastically and with enthusiasm by unknown and well-known voice actors (Charles Dance!). The role of the characters in the story has been broadly framed by the creators, but as befits a Witcher game, your choices also influence this. In the PC version you can even import your savegame from the second adventure - including all the important decisions you made at the time - to the new part.

Exploration pays off

That is different now. Geralt bridges huge distances in The Witcher 3 and is therefore bound by his horse and means of transport. The temptation to just go exploring is great in this RPG. It often happens that you ride your horse through a dark forest or a colorful jungle, until you urge your horse to stop because you hear voices. These could be thieves, hiding in a camp packed with goods, or children who have ended up in an emergency while playing.

At such moments the astonishment could be read from our face. After all, there was nothing on the map. No sign, no clue, nothing. This emphasized once again that the world of The Witcher 3 is full of secrets that you can only find if you travel around.

With this in mind, we have explored the world more and more. Looking for secrets, treasures, supplies and money - a rare commodity in The Witcher. Remember, all of this is just the tip of the iceberg. Even with the main story, side missions and random events disregarded, listing the content is an impossible task.

Lightning fast action

Logically Geralt's range of tasks is not just limited to exploring and driving around through the natural beauty. As 'Witcher', our white-haired friend is regularly asked to do certain 'chores', ranging from defeating grotesque monsters that threaten a village to knocking out a ghost that has been wandering in an abandoned lighthouse for decades. Over the years, Geralt has gained a lot of experience, which means that he can literally cut enemies in half in this adventure.


The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is the RPG of 2015

Let's say it's impossible to paint a complete and accurate picture of The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt. The secret of this groundbreaking RPG is that every player experiences the adventure differently and ends up in unique events.
 

ℂ𝔸𝕊𝕋𝕀𝔼𝕃 聖
95 products in account
52
57 people found this review helpful
12 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
116.9 hrs on record
Posted: March 1, 2020
Silver for monsters, steel for fools. - Vesemir
 

Bidokial
28 products in account
0
80 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
96.3 hrs on record
Posted: September 13, 2021
Be prepared to sit down for a very long time because there is a ton of interesting side quests
 

Ypzy
111 products in account
0
315 people found this review helpful
97 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
31.7 hrs on record
Posted: December 24, 2019
---{Graphics}---
☐ Masterpiece
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
☐ Paint.exe

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Try not to get addicted
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Ehh
☐ Bad
☐ Just dont
☐ FPS Drop DLC Included

---{Workshop}---
☐ New Mods daily
☐ Active Community
☐ Every Week new Mods
☐ Sometimes new Mods
☑ Nexus will save us
☐ No Mods getting released
☑ Workshop not included

---{Audio}---
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Minimum
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulty}---
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Story}---
☐ Dosen't have any
☐ Something isn't nothing I guess
☐ Not great
☐ Average
☐ Good
☑ Lovley
☐ Will make u cry or smile alot

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of tea
☐ Short
☐ Average (Singleplayer)
☐ Long
☑ Depends on u
☐ Endless

---{Price}---
☑ Just buy it
☐ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Dont throw money into a trash can
☐ Free2Play

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never had any
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Few bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Ruining the game
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

~~~~Multiplayer~~~~

---{Servers}---
☐ No issues
☐ Minor lags every few hours
☐ Can get laggy sometimes
☐ Oh the ping..
☐ Often disconnects (Singleplayer requires connection)
☐ Unplayable
☑ No Multiplayer included

---{Status}---
☐ Top
☐ Always some people around
☐ Not so easy to find people for the party
☐ You ll have to wait for anyone to join
☐ Barely any soul alive
☐ Dead like my insides
☑ No Multiplayer included

---{Matchmaking}---
☐ Depends on the host
☐ Brilliant
☐ Fair
☐ You might see much more experienced/stronger players
☐ Unbalanced
☐ Completely unfair
☑ Non-existing

---{Salt Level}---
☐ Replaced with sugar
☐ Barely anything
☑ Balanced
☐ A bit of salt
☐ Salty
☐ Salt overload
 

Jamos
185 products in account
11
115 people found this review helpful
54 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
5.0 hrs on record
Posted: August 29, 2021
I bought this game for 15€ on a sale.

Big mistake, should have bought it for full price.
 

𝘼𝙍𝙚𝙕
3,518 products in account
0
73 people found this review helpful
22 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
253.7 hrs on record
Posted: May 28, 2015
СУПИР ИХРА!!!))))
 

l1k3r
765 products in account
4
118 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
175.8 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2017
There is nothing that can beat this game, CD Projekt Red did a wonderful job making this game,
Truly a Masterpiece.

The story and quests are also very well put together. Much less of the "go here, fetch this" crap that most RPG's use to pad out a game with content and much more involved and intriguing stories that mean just as much as the main quests in some cases. The addition of specific Witcher contracts, which allow you to go full on detective are also great fun. Some of these require a little research and preparation, rather than just running to a point on the map and button-mashing, giving them a surprisingly deep and complex vibe. There is also lots of content to keep you entertained.

The graphics beautifuly detailed on every corner of the game, the attention to detail is absolutly outstanding.


In Conclusion:
I'll never be able to describe the experience as a whole in words but The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a game that deserves your time. It's definitely the most impressive title I've played in many many years of gaming,
It's a massive Open World Game with tons and tons of content. It's incredibly Story rich with loads of quests.

" HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! "
 

AMZ
8,292 products in account
2
76 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
383.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 21, 2018
What can I say that other before me did not said already? not much.
Very credible world,and yes BIG enough so you find even on the fourth play-through new stuff.
Characters you get to care about, a good combat system combined with crafting and alchemy.
A very good quest design even for side missions and stories to keep you engage.
As a player you are treated as an adult in a day and age where all the games try to be accessible by the biggest margin even if that means make it less credible.
A sh*t ton of free dlc to mock the greedy competition and two great expansions like in the old days.

One Of The Greatest RPGs that I've played.
 

Tetony
9,674 products in account
0
74 people found this review helpful
6 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
70.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 21, 2021
In my top 3 games of all time.
Also in an effort to save some unfortunate soul from my mistake, I must warn you....if you mod this game and get the Fast Travel from anywhere mod, you can completely break this game and lock yourself out from being able to complete main quests.
DO NOT USE THE FAST TRAVEL MOD!
https://www.reddit.com/r/witcher/comments/4ho4le/broke_witcher_3_w_fast_travel_mod_looking_for/
 

RayCharles(NoMonitor)
133 products in account
0
135 people found this review helpful
9 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
251.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2018
THE WITCHER 3 : WILD HUNT GOTY EDITION
* Step on as legendary monster slayer and commence on a epic amount of adventure *

± Captivating, huge and consistent open world with dazzling landscapes to explore.
± Pleasing and well detailed quests, side stuffs, mini games and activities.
± Substantial character arcs mixed with upscale story and interactivity.
± Splendid and fine rendered characters along with great voice overs.
± Meaningful choices and decisions that have impacts on the world.
± Satisfying, sensible and responsive variation of combat mechanics.
± Geralt on a more mature, manly, romantic and sympathetic role.
± Ciri is a simple girl with fine and smooth character progression.
± FREE 16 DLC's that reckon up more customization and playtime .

HEARTS OF STONE
± Shani is a lively and distinct character in her own.
± Brilliant dialogue and cinematic story telling.
± Profound themes that affects character actions and plot .

BLOOD AND WINE
± Toussaint is a fairy tale land with stunning level of details.
± Full of creative, thematic content and vast characters.
± Fanciful and fantastic well paced quests ( land of fables! )
± Appealing balance of horror,mystery and humor ( Roach talks!)

--- Farewell Mr. Geralt, thanks CDPR devs! thumbs up and cheers!! 33
9.8/10 -Kate
 

h@YLey11*K*
146 products in account
0
244 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
328.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 10, 2016
Seeing as my so-called review got some attention (and a few haters), I decided to write a proper one.
As Adam Jensen would say: I never asked for this (⌐■_■)

Play time (170h at time of writing, will play it again in the future) includes Witcher 3 + Hearts of Stone + Blood and Wine, all on Deathmarch difficulty.


The Witcher III: Wild Hunt is probably worthy of Game of the Decade award.

Pros:
-> Top-notch graphics so well optimized it could run on a lot of last-gen GPUs
-> Writing/Story so good that I'd fund a movie kickstarter
-> Possibly the best voice acting I've seen in a game
-> A world so full of different things to do that you forget about the main quest most of the times
-> Side quests and monster contracts are entertaining and varied, not your run-of-the-mill fetch quest.
-> I'm dead serious when I say certain side quests last longer than a Call of Duty campaign
-> Best damn horse[i.kinja-img.com] since Shadowmere from Skyrim.
-> Gameplay feels smooth (most of the time)
-> More snu-snu than Witcher 1 and 2 combined!
-> Free cosmetic DLCs!
-> The expansion pack has more content than most triple-♥♥♥♥♥♥'-A games! (no, seriously, buy the expansion pack if you love the game, at least 30 hours of gameplay)

Cons:
-> Roach (the horse) can be an @ss sometimes
-> Rare bugs that can affect gameplay

Now that I got that out of the picture, let me get back to building my shrine to honor the devs.

Thank you, CDPR, for the greatest journey ever experienced.
Thank you for the most hear-wrecking moments and for the sincerest laughs.
Thank you for raising the bar in the gaming industry.
Thank you for the patience to bring to life this wonderful work of art.
And one last thanks to the community who bought and supported this game. You are the reason we can have nice things.

Good night, White Wolf. I will return.
 

Exi
249 products in account
4
137 people found this review helpful
334 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
1,390.8 hrs on record
Posted: February 2, 2019
my favorite card game of all time
 

Din
1,649 products in account
4
207 people found this review helpful
76 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
121.4 hrs on record
Posted: October 21, 2021
Never played a round of Gwent past the tutorial
 

Messy Karma
395 products in account
0
178 people found this review helpful
63 people found this review funny 7

Recommended
7.9 hrs on record
Posted: November 29, 2021
Super Idol的笑容 都没你的甜 八月正午的阳光 都没你耀眼 热爱 105 °C的你 滴滴清纯的蒸馏水
 

Watermelon
125 products in account
6
99 people found this review helpful
3 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
264.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 30, 2019
After completing the Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt 5 times (Not on PC), I can safely say this is the best game released this gen.

Pros:
1)Immersive World
2)Writing and Quests are some of the best in gaming
3)Rich story with fantastic voice work
4)Graphics still look like its from 2019
5)Tons of things to do
6)Soundtrack
7)Both Expansions are so good that they can be sold as separate games

Cons:
1)Skill tree could use some more work
2)Combat is fun on Harder modes but meh on Normal or Easy Mode
3)Game can feel clunky in tight interiors
4)IT ENDS :(

Buy this game in a steam sale and you wont forget the memories it will give you.
10/10
 

Cpt-Flank (USS)
160 products in account
0
131 people found this review helpful
38 people found this review funny 6

Recommended
180.0 hrs on record
Posted: November 14, 2021
Average "The Witcher® 3: Wild Hunt" player:
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿
⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿
⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼
⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼
⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉
⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄
 

L&D
147 products in account
0
173 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
271.7 hrs on record
Posted: June 26, 2019
The Witcher - ok
The Witcher 2 - EPIC
The Witcher 3 - MASTERPIECE
 

diluje cacti pw jak cos
61 products in account
0
188 people found this review helpful
55 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
225.3 hrs on record
Posted: October 23, 2016
This game made me question life

∞/10

Yes i did pirate it. But i bought if after. pls forgive me cdpr
 

tacos på golvet
73 products in account
6
123 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 4

Recommended
137.0 hrs on record
Posted: September 1, 2021
Probably the best game for quality you'll get since the industry sucks now
 

INFXMOUS.PRODIGY
221 products in account
5
68 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny 0

Recommended
113.8 hrs on record
Posted: August 3, 2021
3rd time i finish this game ( 1st time on steam ) and i can't really say much anymore that hasn't been mentioned already.

Just gonna say that if you are into games you owe it to yourself to play this masterpiece.
 

Nekketsu
233 products in account
0
250 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
202.4 hrs on record
Posted: June 3, 2015
130 hours to complete the game and I am ready to go for round 2
The witcher 3 was a beautiful game that had epic moments and great dialogue from the beginning to end. The voice acting was superb and the music was memorable, yet there are some problems with some of the combat and some parts that downright broke immersion. A Fantastic and great game that is almost perfect except for a few issues and immersion breaking elements. The review I did was so extensive I can't even fit it on this steam review. I'll throw down a TLDR for you guys out there but you can check the review video at the bottom if you want more in depth. review. Thank you for taking your time to read this.


Pros
+ The graphics which doesn't of course look like the pr trailer of 2013 but was still beautiful in this game. The world feels alive with the animals that roams it, the day and night cycle, the windy and rainy days. Very immersive. Hell you can even see shooting stars at night if you look in the sky, the skybox is so good.
+ Detailed textures enough to see pores, scars and such on chracter faces
+ Voice acting is top notch while the music are very memorable. Must own OST'
+ The story and lore of the game was memorable and very engaging, Everything had a story behind it, Game is rich in lore everywhere you go.
+ The choices that has positive and negative impacts throughout the game depending on your choices.
+ There are technically 3 giant maps in this game, the rest are side maps. Each of the maps is very finely designed. Plenty of sidequests to do throughout.
+ The decapitation gore and animations when fighting humans and monsters.
+ The game is separated into 3 questing categories. Main storyline, secondary and witcher contracts each of which has its own story and memorable moments. The lore will keep players engaged.
+ Nvidia Hairworks looks good if you have the card for it, Mainly for Monsters and people with fur armor, Geralt hair wasn't as impressive.
+ You can import your save file from previous witcher games or answer questions during your beard shave which will shape the game
+ Traveling by walking, running, horseback, swimming, boat = immersion and fast travel requires signposts instead of just a game about instant traveling all over. Exploration can also bring out more quests you've never seen before
+ The towns in the game is so vibrant and npcs going on with thier lives. They react to certain events accordingly.
+ Geralt grows beard in real time, must meet barber to cut. I felt like I was Geralt
+ There is an extensive amount of loot in the game and craftable weapons and armor for your character. 3 main type of sets to choose from and any gear to wear the way you want to play.
+ Alternative spells and sword style ability techniques that was really fun to use though is few, Igni spraying from hand and the sword twirl.
+ Fist fighting, Horse racing and even a card game called gwent. Each with their own quest line
+ The Beastiary is very detailed on how to defeat enemies and the amount of them.
+ No on disc dlc charged but instead they are free and the devs stances and actions. They do not adhere to major company standards and that's already a huge plus in my books. One of the only few companies out there that does this.
+ the amount of support by dev through patching, each patches brings delight as the game gets better, runs better, looks better and so on.
+ The romance/sex scenes are way better than anything Bioware has put out.
+ Every DLC/Expansion to this game has been amazing. I would suggest geting them all to fully enjoy this wonderful world and story.
+ Goty contendor


Cons
- Ai in the game is leashed, sometimes if you break the boundary they run in circles, sometimes if you are out of their boundary they go back, even if you shoot at them away from the boundary they do not react.
- The combat can be a bit wonky with the focus targeting and needs patching especially with a mouse and keyboard, you need to slide the mouse too far to target another and thus resulting in your death because of the amount of mobs that gang up on you. It works better with on a joypad at the moment and hopefully this will get patched.
- Roach horse riding is a bit clunky but a great idea, the auto travel ability is fine until he veers off the path and hits anything in his way. It doesn't feel like a real horse when he just stops coming close to everything even a small rock.
- The ragdoll physics of enemies, sometimes I have enemies fly 20 feet in the air, most of the time they wriggle the ground and bounce and the way hair wriggles when there isn't wind lol, breaks immersion but can be very comedic at times.
- Physics wasn't the best or lack of, tables don't move around, items on it doesn't drop, giant enemies chasing Geralt doesn't take down trees due to engine limitations hopefully in the future we'll see an amazing upgrade from the engine itself.


Others
+- Optimization seems to be a problem at first then quickly got patched and feels much better, though I am running a Titan x so I I can't rate this category but for me it ran amazingly well and loads super fast.

Video review

YouTube™ Video: The Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt PC Review 
Views: 3,881
130 hours and finally finished the game, working on other videos right now for the game. I wanted to experience everything the game had to offer and get as much done as possible so sorry for the late...
 

Kenuty
1,756 products in account
13
118 people found this review helpful 2

Recommended
105.0 hrs on record
Posted: June 2, 2021
The definition of "MASTERPIECE" was made for this game!
One of the best game out there!
 

Valentin
1,486 products in account
4
79 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 2

Recommended
408.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 25, 2020
█▀█░ █░░░█░ █▀▀░ ▄▀▀▄░ ▄▀▀▀▄░ █▀▄▀█░ █▀▀
█▀█░ █░█░█░ █▀░░ ▀▄▄▄░ █░░░█░ █░░░█░ █▀░
█░█░ ▀▄▀▄▀░ █▄▄░ ▀▄▄▀░ ▀▄▄▄▀░ █░░░█░ █▄▄

░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄
░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█
░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█
░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█
░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█
███████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄
▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█
▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█
▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█
▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█
▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█
▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░█
██████▀░░░░▀▀██████


 

🔥Daegel🥀
292 products in account
0
160 people found this review helpful
29 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
111.1 hrs on record
Posted: May 23, 2015
I liked taking walks to watch the sunrise and sunset before I purchased this game. Now I just bask in the beautiful sun rising and setting over the Northern Realm.
100/10

Seriously, this game is ridiculously good. It definitely sets apart from other games in RPG. Actually in my honest opinion, this game should be a genre of its own. The story telling is ineffably amazing! Even the decisions you made in Witcher 2 can alter the universe in Witcher 3. That's just mind blowing. I am definitely going to finish Witcher 2 after completing Witcher 3, then replay Witcher 3 with the saved files and see how different Witcher 3 will be.

The quests in this game are always changing and exciting. I am a big fan of RPGs and have played several RPGs including Skyrim, Fallout, etc. but have always felt the stories were not captivating enough. I fell in love with this game after putting in 10-15 hours doing main and supplementary quests, slaying monsters on easy mode as I picked up the game mechanics. I have put in now 50 hours into the game over the past 5 days and have never felt bored or repetitive, and I don't even think I am halfway through the game yet. Each quest has a storyline that really hooks and connects you to the universe of the Witcher series whether it's a main quest or a side quest. Heck, I've done some quests that literally feature everything you can think of - slaying vampire, drunken sex with a transgendered elf (accidental of course), staging a play, watching somebody performing an autopsy, and many many more.

Lastly, I am no English major but I find the writing in this game sensational! Reading glossary on different characters and monsters and listening attentively to the dialogue are extremely satisfying and enjoyable. Even the love letter you looted from a corpse or note collected from a throng of bandits are worthwhile to read thoroughly. And who freaking knew there could be so many kinds of monsters - specters, ogroids, insectoids, draconids, etc. After this game if there ever was an apocalypse, I definitely will be the monster slayer guru.

If you are still for some reason wondering whether to pick up this game, I hope you'll find this review helpful. I seriously think this game is worth a lot more than $60 and I was happy to pre-order this game for $54. I am definitely picking up the DLCs.

TLDR: Game is amazingly well-written through both main and side quests. Game developers were very thorough. Pick up this game.

EDIT: Finished the game at 85 hours. Definitely was an emotional roller coaster, to say the least. Spent the following hour wandering around to finish random side quests but couldn't do it, felt so empty. Decided to buy Witcher 1 on Steam at full price to play the game despite its clunky mechanism, as well as the books and the comics. Also found out 16 free DLCs will be released before Heart of Stone. Definitely worth the purchase, down to every penny.

Now back to applying for jobs.
 

s1n_
102 products in account
0
189 people found this review helpful
11 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
64.0 hrs on record
Posted: January 26, 2021
---{Graphics}---
☑ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ Don‘t look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS

---{Gameplay}---
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It‘s just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't

---{Audio}---
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf

---{Audience}---
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ All

---{PC Requirements}---
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer

---{Difficulity}---
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls

---{Grind}---
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding

---{Story}---
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☑ It‘ll replace your life

---{Game Time}---
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond

---{Price}---
☐ It’s free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money

---{Bugs}---
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs

---{?/10}---
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☐9
☑10
 

- Mad Gris ✘
127 products in account
2
157 people found this review helpful
10 people found this review funny 9

Recommended
183.2 hrs on record
Posted: May 29, 2021
- DIFFICULTY -

🔲 My 90 year old grandma could play it
🔲 Easy
☑️ Normal
🔲 Hard
🔲 "Dark Souls"

- GRAPHICS -

🔲 "MS Paint"
🔲 Bad
🔲 Meh
🔲 Graphics don't matter in this game
☑️ Good
☑️ Beautiful
🔲 Masterpiece

- Game Length
🔲 Short (2-6 hours)
🔲 Average (7-12 hours)
🔲 Long (13-20 hours)
☑️ Very Long (21-70 hours)
🔲 Infinite

- MUSIC -

🔲 Bad
🔲 Not special
🔲 Good
☑️ Eargasm

- STORY -

🔲 This game has no story
🔲 Like playing "Temple Runners" for the story
🔲 It's there for the people who want it
🔲 Well written
☑️ Epic story

- PRICE -

🔲 Underpriced
☑️ Perfect price
🔲 Could be cheaper
🔲 Overpriced
🔲 Complete waste of money

- REQUIREMENTS -

🔲 You can run it on a microwave
☑️ Average
🔲 High end
🔲 "NASA" computer

- FUN -

🔲 I'd rather watch paint dry
🔲 Hard to enjoy
🔲 Repetitive
🔲 Actually pretty amusing
☑️ Ride of your life

- REPLAYABILITY -

🔲 It's a one - time experience
🔲 Only for achievements
🔲 If you wait a few months / years
☑️ Definitely
☑️ Infinitely replayable

- WORTH BUYING -

🔲 No
🔲 Wait for sale
☑️ Buy it! Right Now, you will not regret.

Note: I saw some bugs in 3 side missions and some little bugs.
9.8/10 MASTERPIECE.
 

Goldy
101 products in account
0
85 people found this review helpful
18 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
172.5 hrs on record
Posted: March 22, 2016
[Pros]
-Amazing story
-Character Development better than most novels
-Difficult moral choices which shape the story
-Excellent voice acting
-Great soundtrack it does such a good job at causing tension, creating an eerie atmosphere, or just providing something nice in the background
-Expertly handles mature themes
-Sense of historical depth
-Varied combat
-Side quests feel purposeful
-Gwent
-CD Projekt RED truly care for their game and it shows

[Cons]
-What i am supposed to do with my life now that i finished the game?

Verdict
The game is a masterpiece with some minor flaws here and there 9,5/10.If you haven't played the game yet stop reading and proceed to checkout already.
 

Johnny D Wesker
718 products in account
2
358 people found this review helpful
278 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
236.2 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2019
Graphics: 10/10
Voiceacting: 10/10
Story: 10/10
Combat/Gameplay: 10/10
Challenge: 10/10
Diversity: 10/10
DLCs: 10/10
Quests: 10/10
Music: 10/10
Gwent: 10/10
Roach: 10/10
Farting trolls: 10/10
Killing monsters: 10/10
Drunk Geralt: 10/10
Portals: 0/10
CD Project Red: 10/10
Beard growth physics: 10/10
No forced diversity: 10/10
 

Chxrryxです
136 products in account
7
1,671 people found this review helpful
2,285 people found this review funny 1

Recommended
52.8 hrs on record
Posted: May 19, 2015
Day 1 Review:

Pros
- No crashes
- Beautiful graphics (seriously)
- Runs smooth on a mid-range machine
- Top-notch atmosphere

Cons
- I haven't seen boobs yet


*Actual Initial Impressions* (will continue to update)

Relevant Specs:
i7 2600k @ 4.4GHz
GTX 680 w/ 4GB RAM
8GB RAM
Windows 8.1

Actual Pros:

- Performance on my system has been better than expected (50-60fps @ 1080p). I am running postprocessing and the majority of the graphics options on HIGH. I have the hair-effect turned off as it does degrade my FPS.

- The world feels alive. From the wind blowing through the trees, to the dynamic weather system, to the wild life running through the forest, nothing stands out as generic or as an asset that was placed into the world without thought. The first two areas are more organic than any other game I have personally played.

- The side-quests are varied and offer up much more than fetch this or kill that. Many are investigation based and require multiple steps to complete.

- The UI has taken a MASSIVE step forward from The Witcher 2. What was once a clunky mess is now fairly intuitive and streamlined. There is room for improvement, but clearly the developers have learned from their past mistakes.

- The graphics are beautiful, but please don't expect a fully modded Skyrim or iCEnhancer GTA4 level of detail. Again, the developers seemed to be more concerned with making a world that feels organic and vivid than throwing 24k textures on everything. It's the art, color, and texture cohesion that really makes the graphics standout from other titles.

- The dialogue and voice acting are on par or better than most action RPGs I have recently played. I have yet to encounter two NPCs that I felt were using the same voice actor. The only generic voice in the game is probably the protagonist, but that is by design.

- I have not encountered any bugs worth mentioning. Zero crashes and no broken quests is impressive for any game when compared to other recent major releases.

Actual Cons:

- While the soundtrack and game ambiance are very well done, the game suffers from sound balancing issues. For example, at certain times the sound level of voices will be much lower than everything else in the world, forcing you to read the subtitles.

- There is an overuse of "stage setting" mini-cinematics, especially if you play in short bursts and load often. There should be an option to skip these and instead be able to read the suggestion text during a loading screen.

- Level progression has been quite slow which has forced me to back-pedal a bit from the main quest to play catch-up. This may be by design, but placing you into an area that is for level 7+ while you are only level 3 isn't the best choice IMHO.

Bottom Line: I will continue to play The Witcher 3 for the foreseeable future. It offers a blend of DA:I and Skyrim-esque gameplay with it's own unique lore, dynamism, and atmosphere that is truly enjoyable. Please feel free to ask any specific questions in the comments and I will do my best to answer them.
 

Kairotic
547 products in account
98
90 people found this review helpful
27 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
247.9 hrs on record
Posted: January 24, 2018
The Witcher III: Wild Hunt is one of the best RPG's I have ever played and My Personal most favorite one of all. The game is based on series of fantasy novels by Andrzej Sapkowski named "Wiedźmin (The Witcher)". The story overall is a sequel to the Witcher SAGA, perhaps even more than the previous Witcher games. The game has a very extrodinary combat system and far superior when compared to previous Witcher games, along with character development. The choices and the dialogs that you chose have a big impact on the overall story.

the PROS:
+ great combat system
+ handsome Geralt and pretty girls.
+ constantly struggle making up your mind which one to romance
+ very very long ;)) took me approx 140h to complete (storyline + sidequests)
+ huge amount of replayability
+ rich fantatasy world and storyline
+ amazing graphics and textures
+ one of the most amazing OST

For Instance
> Play Witcher on Death March difficulty
> Do your first boss fight with Griffin
> The music starts playing.
> Slowely start to lose the fight and be extremely low on health...
> Think to myself damn it, I'm gonna die...
> Suddenly the: ''LELELAY LELELELAY LELELAY!'' starts playing.

YouTube™ Video: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt OST - Sword of Destiny - Main Theme 
Views: 12,743,058
The main theme from the "Sword of Destiny" trailer is now available ! The composers are Marcin Przybyłowicz and Percival Schuttenbach, Leave a like if you liked the video, 4 more tracks...

> I'm gonna beat the **** out of you now...﻿
> win

the CONS
+ can't think of any.
 

Alpotato
532 products in account
7
104 people found this review helpful
8 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
340.2 hrs on record
Posted: April 14, 2020
Witcher 3. The pinnacle of all that CRPG genre has to offer, right up to April of 2020, about 5 years after its release. I can say that because I play really many games, and see even more. And knowing that by my own experience makes me wonder - why there are so many pro players, fellow reviewers in particular, who haven't touched Witcher 3 after the release date? I mean, the game had evolved a lot through the next year... But some people just tried it back in 2015, at the start of sales, said something like "Ahh! It's ok, good game, let's move on." That's it? Well, if you're one of those people, then I urge you to get the whole picture now. With all the enhancements, with the brilliant DLCs, with mods even! It is surely a worthwhile experience!

And no, I can't say that Witcher 3 is the perfect game, where there is nothing left to improve. Far from it, actually! There are still many itches, both in the gameplay and the scripts. There are glitches, big and small. There are quests which may accidentally ruin the main game context. There are quests that are deliberately drawn into the grip of a primitive choice of "lesser evil", despite the fact that Geralt has the skills to solve the situation much easier - but not this time. Just because the quest makers did it like this.

During the playtime in Witcher 3, I had many events which I can call as "bad". By the game development terms. But. Most of them are really small even by the scale of other things going right in the game. And even if I have some serious questions for the Witcher 3 developers: about the weak lines for the main characters, about combat balance or something else of that kind (some general issues, I call them). Right at the moment when I need to leave the Witcher's world and check everything else what's on the plate... It's year 2020, again, and we sure have many solid games coming every now and then! But, when I compare them to Witcher 3... Apparently, something's going wrong with my senses. I'm sure there are dozens of games of the same, if not bigger scale, than Witcher 3. There are other really cool developers than Project Red. But then again, there's some magic behind this case. Some spice. So I can't blame Witcher's developers and creators, even when they are somewhat somewhere wrong.

So yeah, my wholehearted recommendation. Play Witcher 3, live it through, see all of its hidden threads (and oh boy, there are hundreds of them!). As of general mark, let's say 9/10. Worth every penny, and almost every hour spent there. Except for Skillige points of interest and some unnecessary bandit slaughters, I'd say.
 

Whiteswart
2,430 products in account
12
345 people found this review helpful
34 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
265.1 hrs on record
Posted: March 19, 2017
Don't even think about it. Just buy.
 

foolarcanum
151 products in account
6
166 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
118.6 hrs on record
Posted: January 27, 2017
The Witcher 3 is a work of art.
The best game i have ever played.
Thank You CD Projekt Red!
 

Teodor
122 products in account
2
2,248 people found this review helpful
852 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
120.9 hrs on record
Posted: December 5, 2015
The Witcher 3 makes Fallout 4 look like a childrens game.
 

AngryMinion
293 products in account
282
192 people found this review helpful
123 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
157.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 7, 2018
EA = BAD
Geralt = GOOD
 

nickyboy1179
371 products in account
0
160 people found this review helpful
15 people found this review funny 3

Recommended
355.1 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2019
If you're looking for a reason to play this game or wondering if its good in general stop right now and go buy it.
 

UniqueY
185 products in account
7
638 people found this review helpful
337 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
378.9 hrs on record
Posted: July 2, 2015
Pros :
+ Geralt can now jump, swim, ride a horse, and sail boat
+ Geralt now have learn how to grow beard

Con :
- Final series of the current witcher trilogy
#edit as the news is still unsure, maybe i will delete this in the future when the news of the "4" release.

Sidenote :
Number "3" is not a curse sign as Valve believe. CD Projekt Red has proved it by making this game.
A true masterpiece.
Can't wait for the next installment.
Have re-played the game including the dlc stories. And what can i say. Still the best game ever.
 

Venterivia
465 products in account
24
167 people found this review helpful
5 people found this review funny 13

Recommended
221.7 hrs on record
Posted: November 26, 2017
❤ Audience ❤
☑ Beginner
☑ Casual
☑ Hardcore

☼ Graphics ☼
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Fantastic

♬ Music ♬
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☐ Beautiful
☑ Fantastic

☠ Difficulty ☠
☐ Easy
☑ Average
☐ Challenging
☐ Hard
☐ Brutal

§ Bugs §
☐ Bugs make the game almost unplayable
☐ Lots of bugs
☑ Few bugs
☐ Insignificant or contains humorous glitches
☐ None encountered during normal gameplay

☯ Story ☯
☐ There is none
☐ Bad
☐ Alright
☐ Good
☑ Fantastic

⚔ Gameplay ⚔
☐ Frustrating
☐ Repetitive
☐ Boring
☑ Fun
☐ Challenging

۞ Game time / Length ۞
☐ Short (0 - 6 hours)
☐ Few hours (10 - 20 hours) [if you focus on the main story]
☐ Long (40-60 hours) [if you complete everything]
☐ Expansive (61-100 hours)
☑ Wealth of content (101+ hours)

$ Price $
☐ Free to play
☑ Full price
☐ Wait for a sale
☐ Isn't worth purchasing
☐ Consider refunding it if you are still able to do so
 

Valkyria
2,356 products in account
6
114 people found this review helpful
4 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
90.0 hrs on record
Posted: May 22, 2015
By now, you've read many small reviews praising the game, and some highlighting the flaws as well (since there is no perfect game). But there's one thing that needs to be said about high profile RPGs like this one, something that many others ultimately falls short on that The Witcher 3 picks up, even holding it high above its head as if in triumph.

That is, side quests are actually worth the time , not only in the experience and/or money you gain from participating in, but that the smaller stories are actually engaging. Dragon Age: Inquisition was the most profound example of 2014 in terms of terrible and boring chores, so mundane, so devoid of life or purpose they shouldn't even be regarded as side quests. There's no gathering quests and cookie cutter "Kill X of Y, and return to Z" style missions; every small deviation from the main road feel like smaller roads, with attention to detail. The lore of the game is just that robust.
 

ColorblindMonk
1,070 products in account
2
65 people found this review helpful
2 people found this review funny 0

Recommended
290.4 hrs on record
Posted: February 16, 2018
Best Game Ever Played.

I bought the game with all DLC for 1 good price during a sale and have enjoyed every bit of it. This is what games were post to be like.

Graphics 10/10
Gameplay 10/10
Story 10/10
Sound Track 10/10
The Humor 10/10

Is it worth Buying in 2018? You Bet it is. Unlike the Idiots at EA, Activision, or Ubisoft, CD Projekt Red made a game that was well beyond its value than what those companies would ever do. At least you dont have to worry about lootboxes and micro transactions. They dont have any here and they intend to keep it that way in their future product.

Why am i telling people their are NO micro transactions or loot boxes? Alot of us gamers and people who have played games for over 20 years have very good reasons to be pist at companies like EA, Activision, and Ubisoft for not building professional games with excellent content to boot. CD Projekt Red gave players like me who just wanted one thing from them, Honest Gaming. We get what we paid for. They leave greed to others. Sure they took a long time to make the game but i think it was well worth the wait.

My Thanks to CD Projekt Red.
 

Wing 0
78 products in account
0
